the game is usually played by four players in two partnerships , but variants with just two players also exist .
to date , partnerships have been formed with the following companies : mdlivecare and hello health .
the exam is a six - hour , 260 question test ( 250 of which count towards the final score ) that is owned , maintained and administered by the financial industry regulatory authority ( finra ) , which covers a broad range of investments including stocks , bonds , options , limited partnerships , and investment company products ( e.g. , open- and closed - end funds ) .
the partnerships nurtured by the nrp enable nasa to reach out to new communities for talent , ideas , and programmatic support .
aveda also maintains a variety of partnerships with salons and spas that use their products .
stockholm partnerships for sustainable cities focuses on the respective roles of industry , local government and communities in sustainable urban development , and how these roles evolve and influence each other .
through a number of innovative partnerships , the refuge is protecting scarce natural habitats and agricultural resources in an area threatened by urban sprawl and agricultural changes .
qaa also audits partnerships between uk higher education institutions and overseas organisations that lead to the award of a uk degree .
in 2008 the brazilian minister of defense has formulated the " estratégia nacional de defesa " ( national defense strategy ) , that claims to build a strong national industry and make strategic partnerships with allied nations to develop technology together .
liberia does not recognize same - sex marriages , civil unions , or domestic partnerships .
similar rules apply to general partnerships .
build partnerships to respond to " locally defined problems with culturally sustainable solutions throughout the world . "
during her tenure , the university became the leader in arizona in partnerships with community colleges and in distance learning .
after a series of successful affiliations , partnerships and projects , the group decided to create an academic institution in europe to help accelerate the growth of innovation capitalizing on strong industry ties .
registered partnerships are called " inooqatigiittut nalunaarsorsimasut " in greenlandic .
partnerships .
kenora catholic district school board is a roman catholic school system in kenora , ontario , canada dedicated to excellence in education , the christian formation of youth , and strong partnerships with parents and the church .
a bath and north east somerset council outline bid for a two - phase stabilisation project was accepted in august 1999 , by english partnerships who administer the programme for the office of the deputy prime minister .
civil unions , " de facto " partnerships , " stable unions " under common law and actual marriage are the four " categories " for a relationship in brazil .
the post-9/11 environment in the us , the " era of homeland security " for american policing , has increased demands for law enforcement to build global partnerships and to work more closely with local agencies to expand the capacity of the state to fight both crime and terrorism .
today the practice of the method and scout program developed by robert baden - powell in 1907 adopted as different ways in late 1996 with the unification of the asociacion de scouts de argentina and union scouts católicos argentinos emerging new partnerships that do not share focus on educational programs of the unified association : scouts de argentina .
aei 's defense policy researchers , who also include schmitt and thomas donnelly , also work on issues related to the u.s. military forces ' size and structure and military partnerships with allies ( both bilaterally and through institutions such as nato ) .
the programme is managed by english partnerships - the government 's national regeneration agency .
despite 90 from scott styris , new zealand failure at creating partnerships left them all out on 233 .
town partnerships .
that idea never saw fruition , but their interest in grooving rhythms and recording studio trickery led to partnerships with drummer john mcentire and bassist bundy k. brown ( both formerly of bastro ) joining , followed by dan bitney .
the alliance 's regional affiliate network ranges from public and private schools , to community - based organizations , to newspapers , museums and libraries , including partnerships with the national writing project and state chapters of the national art education association .
legislation implementing civil partnerships will now be drafted , which must be approved by the privy council before going into effect .
while a number of u.s. states recognize either same - sex marriage , or domestic partnerships with the same legal incidents , as marriage , no u.s. state except iowa , where the law is untested , currently recognizes same sex common - law marriages .
anyone may join , and while often members run their own limited companies , sole traders and contractors operating via partnerships or umbrella companies are also well represented within the membership .
the watson institute places emphasis on developing long - term partnerships rather than short - term consulting relationships .
he can swing and seam the ball both ways and often chips in with useful wickets to break partnerships .
also , the government is actively pursuing new external financing or public - private partnerships to further upgrade the main roads , and especially the country 's motorway network .
currently the company maintains close partnerships with jat airways and dhl express .
the key features of the academies include : " the creation of a close family - like atmosphere ; integration of academic and technical education ; and the establishment of viable business partnerships " .
since 2004 , robertson college has added other training partnerships in west africa and mauritius .
partnerships .
it engages indigenous australians and non - indigenous australians with the aim of building partnerships and celebrating youth and traditional culture .
evoice created partnerships with telecom companies including mci and at&t , and web portals and voip providers including qwest , snowball , and dialpad .
despite isolated community partnerships and informal citizen relations , the people - to - people initiative did not gain momentum until u.s. president dwight d. eisenhower 's historic september 11 - 12 1956 white house conference on citizen diplomacy .
proceeds from the ipod and itunes partnerships were donated to charity .
mercer also established the mercer university press and the mercer engineering research center ( merc ) as well as educational partnerships with memorial health university center in savannah and the medical center of central georgia in macon , piedmont healthcare in atlanta , and robins air force base in warner robins .
like many others , he joined partnerships in order to raise the capital required to set up spinning mills .
graham 's most famous student , however , is warren buffett , who ran successful investing partnerships before closing them in 1969 to focus on running berkshire hathaway .
since 1991 , hbo has overseen a number of partnerships that operate hbo - branded programming - networks around the globe , such as hbo asia , hbo brasil , hbo czech , hbo hungary , hbo ole ( now hbo latin america ) , hbo romania and hbo adria ( macedonia , bosnia - herzegovina , croatia , slovenia , serbia , and montenegro ) .
orange has two community partnerships with utrecht , the netherlands and santiago de chile , chile .
other achievements included huge increases in tourist numbers , leading social policies , partnerships between state and local governments , turning tasmanian government entities , such as hydro tasmania , into profit - generating businesses ( one of the election - winning strategies was to propose this as opposed to selling them ) , bringing two afl clubs to play regular home and away matches in tasmania ( hawthorn football club and st kilda football club ) and improving the general feeling of confidence in individuals and businesses within the state of tasmania .
technology partnerships .
yahoo ! formed partnerships with telecommunications and internet providers to create content - rich broadband services to compete with aol .
united kingdom partnership law refers to the rules under which partnerships are governed in the united kingdom .
they too failed to settle and build partnerships , with regular wickets falling .
a number of european scout associations are also involved in north - south partnerships with scouts in developing countries , including several active programmes in south africa .
after nlc programme ended in 2006 , the school networks had to find other partnerships to continue .
the friendship tour is a similar initiative created to promote romania 's major interests , mainly in the united states of america , aiming to encourage , promote , and support romanian partnerships in the economic , educational , and cultural domains .
the company ’s growth has been attributed to brashear ’s strategic partnerships with several major companies in the publishing industry .
english partnerships bought the site in 2000 .
eins are used by employers , sole proprietors , corporations , partnerships , non - profit associations , trusts , estates of decedents , government agencies , certain individuals , and other business entities .
partnerships with other clubs .
it also created partnerships with neighboring mostly white millsaps college to work with student activists .
partnerships .
the principles of teens in action are based on youth – adult partnerships and learning through empowering experiences .
it is possible that susato also ran a musical instrument business , and he attempted several times to form partnerships with other publishers but none were successful .
business activity is based on a model of service whereby the company provides a wide range of products directly to users through sms , wap and mms , involving close partnerships with a range of distribution channels including media companies , network operators , web portals , handset manufacturers and retailers .
zara left petronas in november 2001 to become account manager at formis network services sdn bhd and then assumed the post of vice - president of partnerships & alliances at formis ( malaysia ) berhad , a technology - based company listed on bursa malaysia , between 2003 and 2005 .
the ngo csw , ny was founded after the first world conference on women in mexico city in 1975 with the intention to provide information on programs , policies and advocacy that are making a difference in the lives of the world 's women and to facilitate the further efforts of women and men , girls and boys , to develop more effective strategies and broad partnerships to empower women and promote women 's human rights and gender equality .
twenty - seven states have amended their constitutions to limit marriage to opposite - sex couples , with some using language that would forbid same - sex domestic partnerships and civil unions as well .
macleod and others are now working on models of private - public partnerships and equity investment models to increase private sector involvement in emergency assistance .
the organization has forged partnerships and alliances in over 60 countries and also hosts special programs at the un .
the taliban retains [ the ] required partnerships to sustain support , fuel legitimacy and bolster capacity . ”
the blackstone library participates in most chicago public library programs and partnerships , including great kids museum passport program , the monthly adult book club discussion as well as many annual events and activities .
bascap works continually to urge tangible actions by interpol , wipo , wco , and other intergovernmental organizations , by engaging in partnerships and advisory group roles and in stakeholder meetings , and providing targeted project support and funding .
partnerships .
hed partnerships have been shown to be sustainable and effective in their in specific partnership project goals .
the major economic growth was where people began taking bigger risks and forming partnerships , enabling large sums of money to be invested .
the center aims to be highly proactive in establishing working partnerships with commercial entities , and fostering spin - off companies managed by research members .
the gardens of al - hussein in amman , the city of al - hassan for youth in irbid and the city of prince mohammad youth in zarqa helped partnerships .
dib has been proactive in creating partnerships and alliances at both the local and international level .
public - private partnerships are not subject to special rules in eu procurement law , but must follow the rules and principles resulting from the european treaties , including those embodied in secondary legislation .
osi , established in 1964 , achieves its goals through land acquisition , conservation easements , regional loan programs , creative partnerships , fiscal sponsorship , and analytical research .
partnerships .
the highly visible , state - of - the - art facility will further the university 's mission to expand its research portfolio in a region that offers great opportunity for partnerships with corporate research entities and close proximity to government agencies and other public and private - sector organizations .
the james lind alliance brings together patients and patient representatives , carers and clinicians , as individuals or represented by groups , to form priority setting partnerships , focusing on specific health conditions .
to this day ronan ’s friendship and musical collaboration with peter o’loughlin is fêted as one of the most enduring partnerships in irish music .
however , english law and scottish law are distinct on partnerships .
rose acted as the " inside man " in the organization enforcing control over the organization and the island while his brother sam was the " face " of the organization establishing partnerships , negotiating deals , and attracting tourism and investment .
what followed was what the series had been crying out for earlier : a spirited bangladeshi performance with proper cricketing shots . whilst some bangladeshis did get out to wild shots , the senior players got behind the ball , selected which ball to play , and made the most of the aggressive field placings chosen by england to make partnerships and build innings .
as representatives of the creative partnerships london east youth forum , three bow school students were involved in a project last year at the official launch of the london 2012 olympic bid when they interviewed jude kelly obe about her role leading on the cultural focus of the bid .
the 75 films financed by the silver screen partnerships include such box office successes as beauty and the beast ( 1991 film ) , pretty woman , the little mermaid ( 1989 film ) and three men and a baby .
-research partnerships with tennessee universities to improve concrete products and installation processes
cameron voted in favour of civil partnerships for gay men and lesbians in 2004 .
various programme partnerships over the years have seen " what now ? " promoting ‘ healthy eating healthy action ' , water safety and old - fashioned letter writing amongst many other things .
it is not a funding body but aims to establish genuine collaborative partnerships to enable the development of projects that reflect the interests , specialisms and shared vision of those involved .
the centre has created new partnerships with universities , technical institutions , the private sector , and international forest - related institutions .
june 17 , 2009 : wisconsin senate passed budget , by vote of 17 - 16 , which includes domestic partnerships for same - sex couples .
he featured in partnerships with colin mccool and doug ring , who both made fifties .
this board has the following mission statement : to make broad - based community partnerships , and to improve the employability skills of students through co - operative involvement of school , business , industry , and community .
in other common law countries , general assignments usually refer to any general assignment of existing or future book debts by a natural person ( including , in some cases , partnerships ) .
ccit 's mission is to deploy the most current transportation research through partnerships with public organizations such as caltrans , as well as private organizations whose products or services serve the transportation sector .
established partnerships with the moscow state university , st. petersburg state university , university of cologne , university of sorbonne , ( netherlands ) and other higher educational institutions of russia , europe and america .
it coordinates volunteers , develops leaders , builds community partnerships and promotes lifelong volunteer service .
partnerships .
in lesbian partnerships , mutual breastfeeding has been regarded as a familiar expression of affection and tenderness .
partnerships .
in his role at polo ralph lauren , lauren is responsible for the global advertising and marketing campaigns for the company for 28 brands , overseeing over 200 advertising campaigns a year , as well as the company 's corporate and fashion communications and strategic marketing partnerships .
to achieve this goal , they provide programs and services designed to increase the accessibility of the arts for residents of etobicoke , reach and involve special and diverse audiences , create broad community awareness of local arts organizations and artists and develop partnerships and networks to foster and sustain local arts activities .
the projects section was part - privatised and became partnerships uk ( puk ) .
in recent years he has become a spokesman for a lobby group promoting public - private partnerships .
headley shared partnerships of 202 with sealy for the third wicket and of 147 for the seventh wicket with rolph grant .
this meant that shriro ( owner of hasselblad / imacon ) and fuji could squeeze out other back makers , sending those manufacturers ( and the remaining medium - format manufacturers ) seeking their own partnerships .
the six - month us navy sponsored gfs deployment tested the navy ’s gfs concept , a maritime security cooperation initiative aimed at strengthening global partnerships through training and cooperation activities .
through these relationships , established colleges and universities have been able to make significant contributions to institutions in the developing world through strategic service and program partnerships .
among its graduate schools , egade has been ranked 7th among the best business schools outside the united states according to the wall street journal ( 2006 ) , 4th in the world in business ethics and social - responsibility programs according to businessweek magazine ( 2005 ) , among the 100 best graduate business schools in the world by the economist intelligence unit ( 2005 ) and its onemba program , delivered in partnership with four different institutions ( see joint programs and international partnerships below ) was ranked 27 worldwide by the financial times in its 2008 executive master in business administration rankings .
the following are some of the major ecumenical agreements and partnerships .
as well , the primate often represents the canadian church in international and ecumenical partnerships and dialogues , including the lambeth conference , the primates ' meetings of the anglican communion and at the world council of churches gatherings .
partnerships .
partnerships can be active , inactive ( no actions taken from any of the partners for some time ) or officially canceled .
creative teams may be permanent partnerships or formed on a project - by - project basis .
together , they sued for legal marriage rights all the way to the german supreme court ( bundesverfassungsgericht ) - in vain at first , but with the court ruling that the german congress should provide for some legal institute for same - sex partnerships .
rio salado has evolved into one of mcccd ’s fastest growing colleges , with a focused mission to create convenient high - quality learning opportunities while specializing in customized unique programs and partnerships , accelerated formats , and distance delivery . "
in this innings , he hit three sixes and nine fours , and shared a seventh wicket partnership of 182 with harold stephenson ; rogers and stephenson were responsible for several late - innings fast - scoring partnerships in somerset matches in 1950 .
partnerships .
through its programs and campaigns cultural survival helps them get the knowledge , advocacy tools , and strategic partnerships they need to protect their rights .
but since romania has no coherent plan regarding the way it could engage african countries in bilateral agreements in the next 20 years we are in clear disadvantage since other countries have already established long term partnerships with most african states . [ translation from romanian ]
schwartz favors domestic partnerships , but she opposes instituting same - sex marriage in washington .
the establishment of strong partnerships between home and college is actively encouraged to help all students achieve success and our specialism means that there is a focus on developing an appreciation and understanding of business and enterprise – real world skills that can be used when students enter the workplace
the unicri products of greatest success include the first un report on counterfeiting , the first manual of criminal procedure for international tribunals , the master llm on international crime and justice , the report on environmental crimes , the international magazine " freedom from fear " , the innovative program on land rights in cooperation with terra madre and slow food , the program of public - private partnerships on security of major events and the knowledge management system for risks from cbrn ( chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear ) substances .
while at epa , she expanded the agency 's flexible public - private partnerships as alternatives to traditional regulation through project xl ( designed to find common sense , cost effective solutions to environmental issues at individual facilities ) and the common sense initiative ( targeted at efforts involving entire industry sectors ) .
in addition to professional recognition , partnerships with industry ensure that courses remain current and relevant .
these partnerships are mainly related to presence of these partners at aiesec 's forums , and provision of talent from aiesec to these partners .
initiatives began in hamilton , ontario , and calgary , alberta in 2007 to secure partnerships with existing cafés or to open completely new spaces .
immediately following the passage of the california domestic partner rights and responsibilities act of 2003 , a petition drive began to amend the california constitution to forbid any recognition — including domestic partnerships — of lbgt relationships .
it combined 11 new rock , pop , and jazz style songs , all dealing with love and partnerships .
alexia kelley currently serves as director of the department of health and human services ' center for faith - based and neighborhood partnerships .
because the u.s. government restricts investments in cuba by u.s. companies and their affiliates , cuban institutions have been limited in their ability to enter into research and development partnerships , although exceptions have been made for significant drugs .
for example , in 1990 norway was the first country to recognize the ilo - convention 169 about indigenous people , in 1993 norway became the second country to legalize civil union partnerships for same - sex couples , and on january 1 , 2009 , norway became the sixth country to grant full marriage equality to same - sex couples .
its name derives from the portuguese word " buraco " which means “ hole ” , applied to the minus score of any of the two partnerships .
revolution studios had strategic partnerships with sony pictures , fox entertainment group ( feg ) , and starz entertainment .
the common ground health clinic is a non - profit organization that provides free quality health care for the greater new orleans community , and develops and provides programs to address community health care needs through collaborative partnerships .
the game is played by four players in fixed partnerships , partners sit opposite to each other .
this success was due , in part , to distribution partnerships with major united states studios , such as warner bros.
second , to facilitate the transfer of the knowledge created to the community , industry and marketplace . third , to increasingly pursue partnerships and collaborations that support the overall scholarly research and creative activities plan .
she then held the position of regional vice president of integrated resources , inc. where she structured limited partnerships for property acquisition and operation .
they are a response to the oppression of young people , with advocates challenging ephebiphobia , adultism and ageism through youth participation , adult partnerships , and ultimately , intergenerational equity .
partnerships , cooperations and awards .
the foundation seeks most of its funding from donors and corporate partnerships from around the globe , including daimler ag , the maybach brand , and silverstein properties .
it does , however , have various academic partnerships with universities and other institutions in new jersey .
his other businesses included owning an advertising agency in the late 1960s and early 1970s , co - founding highsmith investments in real estate , inc. which specialized in forming limited partnerships in the late 1970s , serving as founding president of realty repurchase , an nasd ( now finra ) broker dealer which specialized in the secondary market of limited partnership interests .
mr. tenser actually suggested to southport council that they jointly buy the empty hotel and operate it as a film production centre but the council turned down the idea , on the grounds that they did not enter into commercial partnerships .
discovery of these fossils suggest that fungi developed symbiotic partnerships with photoautotrophs long before the evolution of vascular plants .
the partnerships of five and of four .
international partnerships .
these include graduate placements such as knowledge transfer partnerships ( ktp ) .
vision – " creating partnerships for intergovernmental collaboration . "
mitchell 's work as mayor is often credited with revitalizing downtown tempe , and building partnerships between small businesses , communities , corporations , investors , and arizona state university to manage sustainable economic development and urban growth .
the centre is split into three faculties ; intelligence , harm reduction and operations , each one plays a key role in the centre 's work , and they are all supported by teams covering governance , communications , partnerships and corporate services .
from 2003 to 2004 , middleton was vice president for enrollment at up with people , managing global recruitment and instigating partnerships with the university of colorado at denver , as well as communications and marketing for the worldsmart leadership program .
for the eastern and western ec conferences , blair invites as keynoters only evangelicals and only those evangelicals who support monogamous same - sex partnerships .
artsmark schools are committed to giving young people a wide range of arts experiences both in the classroom and in after school clubs , and to provide visits or partnerships with artists and arts organisations .
the seventh house , of which the cusp is often ( but not always ) the descendant , shows the type of mate the native is likely to be attracted to and all partnerships in general .
from there , the firm evolved through various partnerships and , in 1908 , holden and frost moved into the business of minor repairs to car upholstery .
partnerships .
outside partnerships .
jisc has formal partnerships with organisations for a number of reasons including policy collaboration , development programmes and the delivery of production and advisory services .
these partnerships are often merely nominal , conferring few actual benefits or obligations .
under federal law , cook inlet region , inc. and its majority - owned subsidiaries , joint ventures and partnerships are deemed to be " minority and economically disadvantaged business enterprise[s ] " ( 43 usc 1626(e ) ) .
this led to a change in the arrangements for the revenue raised by the partnerships in 2007 ; funding is no longer kept by them , it is retained by central government .
funding and partnerships .
by signing this declaration , the more than 70 representatives - including 18 range states , six donor countries , 25 non - governmental organization partners , two multilateral environmental agreement partnerships , and two intergovernmental organizations affirmed a commitment to protect great apes .
more than forty states explicitly restrict marriage to two persons of the opposite sex , including some of those that have created legal recognition for same - sex unions under a name other than " marriage " , e.g. , civil unions and domestic partnerships .
the california nanosystems institute ( cnsi ) is an integrated research center operating jointly at ucla and uc santa barbara whose mission is to foster interdisciplinary collaborations for discoveries in nanosystems and nanotechnology ; train the next generation of scientists , educators and technology leaders ; and facilitate partnerships with industry , fueling economic development and the social well - being of california , the united states and the world .
he worked briefly in partnerships and for other architectural firms before going into business as a sole proprietor in 1868 .
at the summit , chief executives will discuss how business can help solve the climate crisis through innovative business models , new partnerships and the development of low carbon technologies .
the sabancı group also has partnerships with some of the well - known multinational companies , such as hilton group , bridgestone , du pont , toyota , philip morris , kraft foods , bekaert , heidelberg cement , ibm , bnp paribas , dresdner bank , carrefour and international paper .
he was particularly remembered for his commentary partnerships with johnnie moyes and englishman arthur gilligan during english tours to australia .
mr. segars headed all aspects of the network including programming , production , promotion and strategic partnerships .
is one of the largest private equity firms in the healthcare real estate sector that syndicates many of their investments as limited partnerships available to accredited investors .
he was watching over the partnerships ' investments while seeking new chances to expand the family 's influence in that city .
the fia ’s 2,500 members are suppliers and operators in the fitness industry and by associating with the fia , they can form partnerships with local schools and businesses .
partnerships .
hai has partnerships with various institutions for the purpose of training home automation system installers and distributors .
it was also decided , in december 2003 , that kappa would focus on the creation of partnerships with civic organizations targeting lgbt and women 's health issues .
partnerships with stuart and logan .
loxton scored 159 not out , featuring in two century partnerships and propelling australia to 7/774 declared , which was its highest score of the tour and laid the foundation for an innings victory .
this led to more successful partnerships with other renowned local chefs , such as roy yamaguchi , alan wong and sam choy .
the words " person " and " whoever " include corporations , companies , associations , firms , partnerships , societies , and joint stock companies , as well as individuals ;
economic development practitioners generally work in public offices on the state , regional , or municipal level , or in public - private partnerships organizations that may be partially funded by local , regional , state , or federal tax money .
since then , the conference leadership has continued cultivating wide community support through many partnerships and the committed efforts of its board and volunteers .
distributorships and partnerships .
virginia secondary also has partnerships with other eastern iron range districts for vocational classes ranging from nursing to accounting .
according to the partners ' 1999 annual report , " partnerships for capacity building " , their mission is to , " help implement the
however strategic control of cameras later moved to the newly created safety camera partnerships who appear to have restricted warnings and reduced prosecution thresholds .
although the first christian reformed church of toronto ( also the first crc congregation to call a woman minister ) voted to allow gays and lesbians in committed partnerships as elders and deacons , this decision was later rescinded in the face of pressure from classis toronto ( regional gathering of churches ) ..
one of the most notable international partnerships established under dr. trani ’s leadership resulted in the creation of the vcu school of the arts in doha , qatar in 1997 .
university , organization and business partnerships .
the mersey basin campaign worked with communities on local projects around the north west of england through a network of action partnerships .
a partnership is neither incorporated nor registered as a company ; generally partnerships consist of ordinary partners who are legally liable for the business .
apart from transfers of shares and securities , the issue of bearer instruments and certain transactions involving partnerships , stamp duty was largely abolished in the uk from 1 december 2003 . " stamp duty land tax "
he had come in at 16 - 2 , and the score had declined to 80 - 5 , before his partnerships with the captain , peter van der merwe , and richard dumbrill enabled the score to reach 269 .
there is a formal process for dissolving partnerships akin to divorce .
raj has formed partnerships with christian organizations including the indian social institute and the all india christian council .
he played an outstanding innings of 149 not out , sharing partnerships of 117 with graham dilley for the eighth wicket , 67 with chris old for the ninth and 37 with bob willis for the tenth , to set australia a target of 130 .
the partnership evolved from the blaue liste ( blue list ) and partnerships of research institutions of the former ( ddr ) , whose research capability was deemed worth keeping after an evaluation by the german " wissenschaftsrat " .
american corners are true partnerships with the local organization because host institution personnel staff the corners .
as of january 2009 , wsa has identified 5 areas of interest to both the public and private sectors in which public private partnerships can be created to support wsa ’s activities .
she emphasized partnerships with the communities and the private sector to achieve shared goals .
most major airlines today have code sharing partnerships with other airlines and code sharing is a key feature of the major airline alliances .
these writers come from partnerships with the and the in atlanta , ga , in addition to applications from new plays on campus schools .
in august 2000 , sophie and rena brannan were we d in a well - publicized ceremony held in london , before same - sex civil partnerships were legalized in britain .
few of the partnerships remain today as us income - focused investors favor high - yield bonds or debentures instead .
northwest also had partnerships with various other airline lounges on an airport - by - airport basis .
cbc computers are have a number of strategic business partnerships in place , hewlett packard ( hp preferred partner 2009 ) , toshiba ( toshiba authorised repair centre ) , fujitsu , smart .
programs and classes in biotechnology , business , computer information systems , office technology and multimedia and web design , and social services paraprofessional training , successfully integrate academics and occupational education with firm business and community partnerships .
our long - term aim is to establish creative communities on our doorstep : to work in partnerships to develop a creative society where the full potential of each individual may be realised in a supportive environment , through active participation and imaginative play .
the rapid appearance of competition changed the nature of the program , and as airlines began to compete on the features of their frequent flyer programs , aadvantage liberalized its rules , established partnerships with hotel and rental car agencies , and offered promotions such as extra free beverages .
turner , a central midfielder , began his career at lincoln city with whom he won promotion to the third division in 1981 under colin murphy , and formed midfield partnerships with glenn cockerill and then neil redfearn before joining grimsby town in 1986 .
in other places , registered partnerships have been instituted by municipalities in recognition of same - sex relationships .
though usually played by four in partnerships , the game is primarily for three players , although it 's also excellent for five .
britannia also maintains trade union affinity partnerships with unison — the public service union ( successor to nalgo ) , the union of shop , distributive and allied workers ( usdaw ) , the association of teachers and lecturers ( atl ) and unity ( formerly catu ) .
international partnerships .
partnerships in mathematics and science ( p.i.m.s. ) began in eva evans 's administration in 1994 , and was a part of the s.p.i.r.i.t. program during the linda white administration .
flcc is accredited by the commission on higher education of the middle states association of colleges and schools , the national league for nursing , and national alliance of concurrent enrollment partnerships .
max is shown to be ignorant of current events , failing to realise that civil partnerships are now legal and that elton john has made use of it , to controversial news stories involving michael barrymore , gary glitter , diana , princess of wales and michael jackson .
law 's main institutions in liberal democracies are the independent judiciaries , the justice systems , the representative legislatures or parliaments , an accountable executive , a competent and non - corrupt bureaucracy , a police force , a civilian control of the military and a robust legal profession ensuring people 's access to justice and a pluralistic civil society — a term used to refer to the social institutions , communities and partnerships that form law 's political basis .
in addition to research , the activities of the center include forming strategic partnerships and collaborative agreements with leading universities , industry and software vendors who are developing collaborative distributed knowledge discovery and exploitation systems and intelligent synthesis environments for future aerospace and other high - tech engineering systems ; organizing workshops and national symposia ; and writing state - of - the - art monographs and special publications on timely topics .
in the 90 's , nei started partnerships with people identified with the mpb label , such as composer guinga and zé renato .
mosh mobile incorporated announced on 02/29/08 that it will begin serving mainland china with free wireless service by the end of july through several unique partnerships .
she has said the law on civil partnerships is the biggest victory of her political career .
the company brokered partnerships with 20th century fox , columbia pictures and dimension films for the world premieres of " elektra " , ' and " feast " respectively at the palms casino resort .
aiwf ( short for " arab international women 's forum " ) is a london - based umbrella organisation which brings together 1,500 associations , individuals , corporations and partnerships from 45 different nations spanning 6 continents .
the new firm will have dual administrative enters in washington , d.c. and london , and comprise two partnerships , a us partnership which would include legacy hogan and lovells offices in the us and an international partnership which would include the bulk of the legacy lovells firm plus hogan 's international offices .
he worked to develop partnerships amongst civic groups , government agencies , schools , corporations and non - profit organizations .
in this club , alongside sócrates , has formed one of the greatests strikers partnerships from brazilian football .
a recent ( 2008 ) initiative called the community diary , which was created between the partnerships of tameside council , the local reporter newspaper and the police aim to help prevent any increase in crime .
the has strategic partnerships with the military , community colleges across the country , and universities world wide .
that philosophy has prevailed throughout leeds fed 's history , with partnerships and joint working arrangements being a common feature of its work over the years .
commercial partnerships .
partnerships .
registered partnerships are only open to same - sex couples . all the rules of marriage apply , except for the right to take a common surname , the right to adopt and to participate in artificial insemination .
the school has partnerships with the national dance institute , the , new visions for public schools , teachers college , columbia university and the metropolitan museum of art .
as of 19 august 2009 , the churchwide assembly in minneapolis passed a new sexuality statement , broadening its acceptance of homosexuals in the church , and on 21 august 2009 , the same body passed four ministry policy resolutions that would permit clergy in committed homosexual partnerships to be rostered leaders within the elca .
the publication is based around the larger clash brand , which extends to live events around the country and festival partnerships ( such as rockness and get loaded in the uk , and dour in belgium ) , and the website clashmusic.com .
outside china , unionpay has partnerships with other atm networks .
since becoming the commissioner of the wsop , he has negotiated partnerships with espn , sirius radio , glu mobile , bluff media , aol , and betfair .
while his statistics attest to him being a genuine tailender , edwards has helped save the west indies three test matches during his career , forming frustrating last wicket partnerships .
publishers weekly notes iuniverse has partnerships with the writers ' club ( under writers club press ) and the writer 's digest ( under the writer 's showcase ) .
bergen maintains partnerships with the towns of rožnov pod radhoštěm in the czech republic , śrem in poland , hendrik - ido - ambacht in the netherlands and pembroke in wales .
the name , literally translated into english , is cross - game , a name derived from the fact that it is played between two teams or partnerships of two , where team members sit opposite each other , with an opponent on either side .
it should be noted that there is a broad spectrum of partner numerical and frequency profiles amongst lesbians and gay men , so that polyamorous ethical debates may be undertaken , but most legislative effort is expended on legal recognition of same - sex couples , whether through civil unions , registered partnerships or same - sex marriage proper .
through mentoring , professional partnerships , and skills , technology , language and career training , it supports and eases the labour market integration of skilled immigrants in a variety of professions .
suppose team a plays team b. the first time a hand is played , one partnership from team a takes the north - south cards and one partnership from team b takes the east - west cards ; when the hand is played again , it is played by the other two partnerships , but this time with team a holding the east - west cards and team b holding the north - south cards .
there are several variations , depending on partnerships agreement , as to exactly when this signal applies .
babraham bioscience technologies ltd ( bbt ) , the wholly - owned trading subsidiary of the babraham institute promotes knowledge transfer and translation of the institute ’s research discoveries , actively managing and exploiting the institute ’s intellectual property , promoting and negotiating commercial research partnerships and establishing spin - out companies when appropriate .
clubs for young people also form statutory and voluntary sector partnerships , locally and nationally , in order to improve support to young people through youth clubs .
tosh is responsible for the everton partnerships with everton fc america and the ontario soccer association .
ndas are commonly signed when two companies , individuals , or other entities ( such as partnerships , societies , etc . )
