combat engineers along with troops of 4./391 mechanized infantry battalion encountered hostile forces earlier that day when they were trying to rebuild a bridge over the kunduz river , making another way into chahar dara passable .
although the townsite is now abandoned , the road is passable to allow access to the historic ghost town of fortymile , which was itself abandoned around 1898 when dawson city boomed .
most people did not have access to potable water or electricity , and the roads are not passable in the rainy season .
the mist marsh is a barely passable swampland west of leah .
ilebo was connected to other settlements via the river and several sand roads that were passable by porters .
people telephoned the trail association before they planned a trip to see what roads were passable .
in the dead of winter , the frozen lena makes for a passable highway for ice truckers using its channel to deliver provisions to far - flung outposts .
part , indeed , is a swamp scarcely passable at any time , but nearly inundated by every heavy rain .
saint ternan 's church is situated along the ancient route of the causey mounth , which trackway was constructed in medieval times to make passable this only available route across the coastal region of the grampian mounth from points south from stonehaven to aberdeen .
the inexpensive plastic kits were initially targeted to the post war generation who could glue them together and produce passable replicas in a single afternoon .
he concluded , " it is a lethargic and often dull production , in spite of the good acting by both genevieve tobin as mildred and miss wilson as peggy , zazu pitts as a servant and passable performances by some of the other players . "
it is not unusual for a local to speak more than one local dialect and passable mandarin .
elsick house is located near the ancient causey mounth trackway , which road was constructed in medieval times to make passable this only available route across the coastal region of the grampian mounth connecting points south of stonehaven to aberdeen .
it is traversed by a rugged four - wheel drive trail that is passable only on foot or with a sturdy vehicle in good weather during the summer .
the road was passable only during the summer months , until the late 1980s , when it was upgraded and maintained year - round .
a causeway passable at low tide unites marazion with the otherwise insular st michael 's mount .
the performance was such in 1923 , three tourers " put up a passable showing " at the first 24 hours of le mans , leading to the creation for 1924 of the 15 sport , with twin carburetion , larger valves , and dewandre - reprusseau servo - assisted four - wheel brakes ( at a time when four - wheel brakes of any kind were a rarity ) ; they ran second and third , and were comparable to the 3 liter bentleys .
the heavy traffic kept the road passable through the winter .
beyond melvaig the road narrows to a twisting , undulating track ( which is passable with a car ) and ends at the rubha reidh lighthouse .
the plateau is undulating with no prominent peak , the highest point being ben cleuch at 721 m the south - flowing burns have cut deep ravines including dollar glen , silver glen and alva glen , often only passable with the aid of wooden walkways .
an area of forests and lakes , with few passable roads , the parczew forest was an ideal location for partisan activity .
there túrin learned from brodda 's wife aerin that morwen had already left for doriath before the fall of nargothrond , as túrin 's own efforts had made the way passable .
access roads to the poachie range area-(5 to 8 miles ) from the alamo lake area is by inimproved desert dirt roads , and are passable depending only upon current weather events .
the route no . 12 “ vice presidente sánchez ” borders pilcomayo river , but is not passable when raining .
the lairhillock is located proximate to the ancient north - south causey mounth road , which road was constructed in medieval times to make passable this only available coastal route across the grampian mounth from coastal points south from stonehaven to aberdeen .
although heart of georgia railroad marketing suggests passable track still exists in preston , it is untrue .
it was built using various ships from around the region , upon which sand was poured to make the bridge passable .
in 1962 a trail connecting genet to welkite was passable by trucks in the dry season .
what we get is sensible work and passable orchestral tone , with the pianoforte ’s part a good way the best of the bargain .
during normal sea water levels , the water depth between hõralaid and vohilaid is ca 0.6 m , making the distance passable by walking in the sea .
within a week , roads were passable and major services restored .
it delivers a passable substitute for a real , ' live ' tanpura .
the expedition sent a reconnaissance party north along the lemhi to the salmon river attempting to find a navigable path , but turned back when they found that the salmon was not passable by boat or on land .
o'loughlin was described as a " flatliner " , and " passable in the lead role " , while sossamon 's appearance was said to be " preposterously not - scary " .
the roads were cemented in the early months of 2005 and are now passable by motorists and pedestrians .
matthew j. brady felt that the " plot does n't make any sense " and the art is " merely workmanlike , " concluding " this book will have to improve by quite a bit to even raise itself to the level of passable . "
in 1962 kormuk was connected to asosa by a dry weather road , " rough but passable by trucks " according to the highway authority .
this translates that most of the roads especially the barangay roads in the upland barangays are not passable during bad weather conditions .
to orlowski , wikipedia is " a hobby , a multiplayer game and a repository for fan trivia " with the accuracy of articles varying " from the occasionally passable to the frequently risible , while its all - important readability is even worse — and deteriorating . "
chinese brands are mostly reverse engineered models and quite passable .
the sahara pump theory ( describing an occasionally passable " wet " sahara desert ) provides an explanation of the early variation in the genus " homo " .
most of its window glasses were already broken and need replacements , the steel window frames themselves are no longer safe , the long and winding steel staircase towards the topmost part of the belfry had already been declared not passable by our engineers .
gen watanabe is mr. hosokawa 's translator and assistant a quiet , sensitive and gifted young man who speaks all the major languages and many minor ones ; he divides the languages he speaks into " extremely fluent , very fluent , fluent , passable and could read " .
doonie point slightly east of the ancient causey mounth trackway , which road was constructed on high ground to make passable this only medieval route from coastal points south from stonehaven to aberdeen .
the terrain on the island , earlier judged unsuitable for anything but the costliest and most difficult advances , was made passable with the aid of preparatory fire - scouring by napalm bombs from 114 .
because the drc has so little passable roadway , most freight is moved by air and markets are common near airstrips .
this old drovers ' road was constructed on high ground to make passable this only available medieval route from coastal points south from stonehaven to aberdeen .
it was n't until after the second world war that the road was passable in summer , following when the frost had melted and the ground was no longer swampy .
lizardfolk are passable swimmers however , and may be found in underwater cave systems .
despite ongoing maintenance , the general condition of the road was considered to vary from " rough to barely passable . "
finally i could manage a passable version .
since the festival is celebrated in february during the winter season , when snowbound khardon peak is not passable to attend similar festivities at likir monastery in leh , large crowds from villages in the nubra valley assemble at diskit to witness the mask dance .
since the dale was boggy and not fully passable in the old days , all roadways led over the heights , like the old post road .
no longer passable for boats , today they are still clean and fresh enough to allow fishing along their banks .
the confederates had burned the only bridge across the swollen river , so federal scouts had located the only passable crossing in the vicinity at elkin ’s ford .
she wrote passable poetry , but didactic prose was her forte . "
the path is heavily used and remains passable even in winter , with foot traffic packing snow down despite the lack of plowing , especially after drainage works in 2006 fixed water pooling and subsequent ice buildup .
which was built on high ground to make passable this only available medieval route from coastal points south to aberdeen .
the road was not well built ; except in the winter when the weather froze the ground or covered it in snow , the road was barely passable .
although to car users moreton only has one road in and the same road out , its roads were passable once .
the truckee trail that was modified and upgraded to the dutch flat and donner wagon road over donner summit had deteriorated so bad the road had to be extensively rebuilt and relocated to become passable for cars or trucks .
the line sierre - gamsen is still under construction and not passable .
from 1858 , the route embrach dreispitz - eschenberg - bülach with gentle climbs passable throughout the year was finished .
, and also speaks passable tamil .
portions of the route lead around headlands or cross river mouths that are only passable at low tide , so carrying a current tide table and relevant topographic information can be extremely helpful .
a standard map variant that includes a passable switzerland and alternate borders and starting units for the great powers .
the state owes to this ruler the opening up of new railways across the great desert , which was formerly passable only by camels and the tapping of the valuable coal deposits that occur in the territory .
from 1982 onwards , the kiev cavers started systematically working in krubera cave , located less than 200 metres from the kujbyshevskaja entrance , hoping to connect with the arabikskaja system and increase its total depth by 60 m. exploration progressed slowly because critically tight meanders between the pits required enormous amounts of work to widen them to a passable size .
temporary repairs , consisting of a rudimentary system of cables , i - beams , and planks , kept the bridge passable .
the people who maintain hiking trails within the san gabriel designated wilderness attempt to achieve a passable hiking experience within the wilderness that does not appear to be too greatly unnatural .
he assured them that a more direct route across the southern deserts existed which was quite passable for wagons and showed them a copy of stephen fremont 's map of his explorations .
the game was said to have " passable " gameplay and a very neat feel to it .
but these trails were all extremely difficult , passable only by mule trains or pack - carrying porters .
" his figure was that of a robust , large - framed man , worn down by confinement and hard fare ; but he was now recovering his flesh and spirits ; and a suit of blue clothes , with a gold laced hat that had been presented to him by the gentlement of cork , enabled him to make a very passable appearance for a rebel colonel ... i have seldom met with a man , possessing , in my opinion , a stronger mind , or whose mode of expression was more vehement and oratorical .
being in dire need of water , and wanting to cross the giant obstacle , the soldiers started searching for a way down to the canyon floor that would be passable for them along with their horses .
others were less complimentary , commenting " their acting talents are just passable ... the songs shine due to the absence thereof ... and the script comes straight from the ' teenager dreams of being a singer ' handbook "
ign rated the game " passable " , with a score of 6.5/10 , commenting that game length can be quite excessive ( 4 + hours for a single match with multiple opponents ) and that the game never really moves too far beyond the core " roll dice , play creature " mechanics .
also cited are poor controls , unappealing graphics , the amount of enemies and the text - only ending screen . " allgames final judgment is to call it " a passable effort " and to compare unfavourably to the arcade version .
the squadron of brest was in a passable state , but is was realised that the lack of experience of the crews and the state of the ships would not allow a victory over the british without anything but overwhelming numerical superiority .
he made a speech at harvard university , part of it in passable english , but could not escape questions on democracy and freedom .
a length of cord or gut is fastened through a hole in the centre of the membrane ; the cord is resined and rubbed with coarse fabric or a glove , producing a passable imitation of a lion 's roar .
this had been intended as a part of a ship canal , passable by vessels of up to 200 tons , between the bristol channel and the english channel , but was never completed .
armstrong , ( co - star ) chick chandler , and carlisle lent strong support and while it never scaled any heights it was a passable spoof of the genre . "
they soon found gold along the gravel river banks by panning , but left when the mountains were passable , as they anticipated taking out more gold on reaching california .
the bacchus marsh road district board was proclaimed on 30 september 1856 , with one of its first tasks being to construct a gravel road through the town , as at that time the road was barely passable in winter .
bailey road originally connected route 6 with brandy street in bolton but the portion west of the andover - bolton town line has since been overgrown and is no longer passable by motor vehicles .
the spring rains that are characteristic of south - eastern europe and the balkans were particularly heavy that year , causing flooding in bulgaria and rendering parts of the route used by the army barely passable .
they took hold of every single brother and promised them a handsome sum ( of money ) and a passable reward , but they still received a negative answer .
playa manzanillo is quieter as there is no road that is passable to buses .
remnants of this road are still passable to hikers , mountain bikers and horses and in the present day is called the ' old pedro mountain road ' .
scouts had discovered that the area between the ataba and suwaikiya marshes , north of the turkish lines , was passable for a heavy formation .
in 1843 settlers cut a wagon road over these mountains making them passable for the first time to wagons .
cookney church is situated somewhat west on a high hill and within view of the ancient trackway of the causey mounth ; moreover , the causey mounth trackway was constructed in medieval times to make passable this only available route across the coastal region of the grampian mounth from points south from stonehaven to aberdeen .
however the bangued - salnec , bucay road is an all weather one and that an intermittent section along the manabo - luba road is not passable during typhoons / storms .
the road from here to inylchek is currently ( early 2008 ) not passable .
they also spoke fluent french and passable german and danish .
on the other hand , the 93.10% of farm - to - market roads are not passable particularly during rainy seasons .
a passable hack to overcome this problem is to set up the journal report , so that it shows all journal entries .
by the end of the 1910s , a passable dirt and gravel road connected ukiah and nevada city via the south side of clear lake and marysville .
the remaining 19 percent ( fairweather roads ) were in poor condition , hardly passable on rainy days .
the much smaller historic road winding over the pass itself , which lies a few hundred metres from the swiss border with italy , is only passable june to september .
since many amateur telescope makers do not have access to high - precision machining equipment , many elegant designs such as the poncet platform , crayford focuser , and the dobsonian telescope have evolved , which achieve passable accuracy and stability without requiring strict tolerances in machining .
most barbed wire fences , while sufficient to discourage cattle , are passable by humans who can simply climb over the fence , or through the fence by stretching the gaps between the wires using non - barbed sections of the wire as hand holds .
the mana river is a popular place of rafting tourism , mostly on the calm , easily passable part of the river beginning from the beret village or more difficult , from the village of bolshoy ungut .
this portion of the nipissing road was opened to winter traffic by 1873 and passable to wheeled vehicles by 1875 , and became the main route of travel between lake rosseau and lake nipissing and points in between .
at the depopulated " almen " region , the valley is partly passable along the river .
the gulnahan ravine is a strategic pass east of suez , which is the only point in the area passable by large vehicles such as land battleships .
the mount wilson toll road ( 1891 - 1936 ) is a historic roadway which ascended mount wilson via a vehicular passable road from the base of the foothills in altadena .
reporter ed bumgardner commented her transition from teen pop start to adult sex symbol with her third studio album " britney " " takes its cues from two other successful performers — madonna and janet jackson — both of whom she brazenly rips off and both of whom , like spears , are passable singers , at best . "
as a result , the title earned a 6.7/10 , " passable " rating .
switchbacks are employed to make the road passable through steep terrain .
brostin 's skills with fire also extend to liquor distilling - he brews and sells sacra which is regarded as passable by his fellow troopers ( as much for chimera anti - freeze as a drink ) , but not as good as bragg 's brew .
ditches and moats must be passable in peace , yet able to be uncovered during a siege , and walls must be broken enough to allow easy passage , yet not compromise the security of the compound .
a second crossing , passable by pedestrians only , called bats bridge , opened in april 2008 near the twilight zone , has improved the ability of visitors to circulate .
while welk 's english was passable , he never did grasp the english " idiom " completely , and was thus famous for his " welk - isms , " such as " george , i want to see you when you have a minute , right now " , and " now for my accordion solo , myron , will you join me ? "
other cols such as the col d'etache , col du carro and the col de vallée etroite are only passable on foot .
the 2/11th were given the task of patrolling along lyon ridge and report back regarding whether it was passable with tanks .
none of the refuge 's roads are paved , and most are not passable by passenger autos .
in order to " live in stealth " , an individual has to be extremely passable .
the area experiences a relatively high level of precipitation in the winter , and the pass frequently becomes barely passable .
the network of trails required a minimum of road work to be made passable for wagons .
unlike the earlier state roads , these primary roads mostly followed existing passable county roads .
in addition , he spoke passable arabic , italian and turkish , as well as some persian and kurdish ) .
in 1740 , the archbishopric of trier began construction to make the mouth of the lahn passable for larger vessels .
it was passable by sailing vessels , and the passage was documented by valdemar seir , who passed through the strait on the way to his crusade in estonia .
located in the medieval town of conwy in conwy county borough , north wales , it is now only passable on foot .
ign rated the game as " passable " and the game received a " good " rating from gamespot .
freight trains from limerick to / from foynes ran until 1999 , and technically the line is still open - though not passable all the way to foynes ( a bridge is in need of replacement ) .
the game and tape design are interesting because they enabled the 4-track tape player to provide a passable simulation of a game - playing ai .
the canal was useless in winter , and the banks were constantly caving in , requiring constant dredging to remain passable .
" wired " observes that while cawley 's depiction " lacks shatner 's vulnerability " , the actor has enough swagger " to be passable in the role of captain kirk " .
mills , who was editor at the time , chose mcmahon because he could do a passable imitation of ezquerra 's style , but the more he drew the more his own style emerged .
much of the way was passable only on foot .
the expedition demonstrated that much of the route along the snake river plain and across to the columbia was passable by pack train or wagons with minimal improvements .
zane of square enix music online was less approving of the album , calling it " passable " and saying that the new arrangements gave " mixed results " .
particularly for cattle droving the shorter route was advantageous when passable .
it is isolated from the rest of andorra , and can only be reached by tracks passable on foot .
before its first airing , the " new york daily news " called it " so diluted there 's little left but muddy water " , and " usa today " called it a " passable imitation of a miles - better bbc original " .
unlike the earlier state roads , these primary roads mostly followed existing passable county roads .
it is about long by broad , and lies at a high level to the east of the kunar valley , from which it is separated by a continuous line of rugged frontier hills , forming a barrier easily passable at one or two points .
furthermore , it was suggested that it was possible that braun would learn to play the position adequately , given that david wright ( who tied for the major league lead in errors by a third baseman in 2005 ( his second in the league ) in 2007 became a " passable defender " ( and won the nl gold glove at third base ) .
there are few blow downs but otherwise is easily passable .
the state 's 169 cities and towns employed hundreds of additional plows to keep local roads passable .
it can also be noted that earth - paved roads – especially roads going to the interior sitios are not passable during rainy season .
some stretches of the highway are passable only during the dry season , and in many regions driving is occasionally hazardous .
an associate called him a " very passable exhorter , " although some people considered his interpretations of scripture " persistent blasphemies . "
the " final fantasy iii original soundtrack " received mixed reviews from critics , with patrick gann declaring that " even if you own the original famicom version 's soundtrack , there is plenty of reason to own this soundtrack alongside it , " while richard of square enix music online found it to be a " passable " album , but " mostly forgettable " . "
the valley is passable by mules , although the descent into the valley is impossible for camels to pass .
a main road passes from south to north , but it is hardly passable during the rainy season forcing all users to comply with an average speed of safety of about 40 km / hour ( about 25 minutes travel from abomey ) .
it is passable by hikers and mountain bikes , but not street bikes .
beyond nevada city to emigrant gap , the old turnpike was not passable ; instead the present sr 174 was available for eastward drivers .
the area was crossed by a network of passable minor roads , some major roads and a railway line .
the new york times , for whom he was a foreign correspondent , described him as , fluent in german , italian , french , and english , having a command of several other languages that was more than passable , as well as " a broad grasp of history and diplomatic affairs and an often playful curiosity " .
although he stated he would prefer " danger " , another song on " dignity " , to be a single , he said " stranger " " [ would n't ] sound out of place on a britney spears album , which suggests to me that she 's done a passable job of leaving behind her bubblegum past " , and that it made him " [ do ] a fair bit of seat - dancing " .
from the mouth upwards to dehrn ( of runkel ) , lahn - km 70 ( above limburg ) , the river is consistently passable for larger vessels , with locks operated by personnel .
formerly passable with difficulty , using boardwalks , during the 18th century much drainage of the land was encouraged by the lawyer , historian and improver henry home , lord kames but a substantial portion survived this development .
there is a theme in japanese comedy that one can make passable sukiyaki even on a very tight budget .
hop extracts are for the big brewers , he thought- suitable only for crummy sub - standard and barely - passable industrial lagers , not the subtle and elegant craft beer made here .
in a dry summer the mountain moors may have been passable , however " on this occasion the skies put on their most wintry aspect ; and the rain fell in torrents [ ... ] flooding the mountain meadows " until the great angevin encampment became a " morass , " wrote lloyd .
some unconfirmed rumors suggest the canal has been passable for boats as deep as 2.2 meters .
the last tram to pass through the central archway did so on 4 june 1938 , by which time part of southampton ancient walls had been demolished so that the bargate was passable on both sides .
it is passable by most motorized vehicles and is closed only during severe winter storms .
old bourtreebush is situated quite near to this old drovers ' road , which was constructed on high ground to make passable this only available medieval route from coastal points south from stonehaven to aberdeen .
robert canning of ign gave the episode a 6.6 saying it was " passable " and that " now in its eighteenth season ( go ahead , say that out loud : " eighteen seasons " ) , the simpsons continues to supply america with a decent half - hour of comedy every sunday night .
for her own part , she studied the life of elizabeth , worked hard to adopt a passable accent , and shaved her hairline to achieve a greater resemblance .
thompson 's group with wagons followed hensley 's pack trail — converting it into a passable wagon road .
another criticism of the show is that the actors ' impressions , though passable on their radio show , were not at all convincing once they went to tv broadcasts .
a causeway links the island to walney island but is only passable with care at low tide .
banchory - devenick is located along the causey mounth trackway , which road was constructed on high ground to make passable this only available medieval route from coastal points south from stonehaven to aberdeen .
toonview called his voice " annoying " and " unwanted " , but toonguys said that " he does n't have a great voice altogether , but he gives passable performances in some episodes , with a smile on his face . "
it is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .
german demolition charges damaged the moltke bridge but left it passable to infantry .
however , the carriage wheels would cut deep ruts into the roadway and there soon appeared to one side of the right - of - way what in those days was referred to as a " summer road , " a dirt road which was passable only in the summer months .
dan glaister , writing in " the guardian " , judged the first to be " a passable bessie smith cover " , adding , " while " alley cat " could be a missing track from " clear spot " . "
as is proven by practice , a few grams of roch 's explosive suffice to blow a passable tunnel through many metres of tough volcanic rock .
the road is unsealed , steep and twisty for a distance of 20.5 km , from 36 km south of mitta mitta to 7 km south of the locality of glen wills , although it is passable by conventional 2wd vehicles in summer .
at that time it was a dirt road only passable by automobile in the summer months .
for example , the usual pronunciation of " passable " in received pronunciation is essentially the same as the pronunciation of " possible " in general american .
the track starts , or ends , at owers corner in central province , east of port moresby , and then crosses rugged and isolated terrain , which is only passable on foot , to the village of kokoda in oro province .
" people " magazine considered it a " passable debut " and said that it showed simpson was a " credible talent in her own right " ; allmusic called it " an unexpectedly strong debut " .
it had the advantage over the arlberg that it was relatively passable even in winter .
unlike the earlier state roads , these primary roads mostly followed existing passable county roads .
varietys russell edwards found the film " passable " , " pleasing if paint - by - numbers , " noting it " does n't take itself too seriously , but avoids campiness , " that " the climactic clash between piccolo and goku offers a faithful cgi representation of the ethereal powers as drawn in the original manga " and that the climax offers an " impressive character twist for goku that will warm the cockles of every young jungian 's heart . "
the usual frosts , which rendered the inadequate roads passable after the muddy conditions of autumn , were broken by thaws .
< ref»adams , kenneth c. , ed."from trails to freeways " ; california highways and public works ; 1950 ; ( centennial edition ) ; p61 the present highway route -- california state highway 88 has bulldozed and blasted many of the difficult sections of the trail to straighten it out and make it passable by today 's cars ; but roughly follows the route of much of the carson trail till it joins the road called mormon immigrant trail / iron mountain road which goes to pollock pines , california and from there on to placerville , california .
work was done on the athabaska trail to make it passable for motor traffic as many roads had been graded .
as ermine street extended north out of lincoln and past raf scampton the map attached clearly shows an alternative course of ermine street curving left and forming a semicircle on a wide heading west of the humber estuary . whilst the straight northerly route , traced in red on the map , between lincoln and york was the shortest , this route was not always passable over the humber estuary during adverse weather conditions .
access is by means of a newly constructed concrete road and is passable for all
ray clements of ign gave the nintendo ds version a " passable " 6.5 rating .
there were reports of downed trees and power lines and some flooding was reported , however , all the main roads were passable .
the requirement that the producer pay a landowner for access to the economic advantages government , the community and nature provide is a burden that the most productive and even ordinary working people may be able to bear with passable grace ; but absent poverty relief programs , it consigns the least productive workers to the least productive land , and thus to destitution .
the road to dulce nombre de culmi ( catacamas – culmi 40 km ) is dirt but is passable year round .
formerly passable as a scramble , it suffered from a serious rock fall in 2002 — with subsequent further falls — and recent guidebooks do not consider it a viable route , although it is gradually becoming more stable .
o'loughlin was described as a " flatliner " , and " passable in the lead role " , while sossamon 's appearance was said to be " preposterously not - scary " .
its 6 miles in the length and is easily passable when the river is low , but is subject to great and violent floods .
the first two highways : the rodovia belém - brasília ( 1958 ) and the cuiaba - porto velho ( 1968 ) were the only federal highways in the legal amazon to be paved and passable year - round before the late 1990 ’s .
andre manseau reviewed the film for joblo and noted that the " characters are painful stereotypes ( as per usual ) , and the acting is at best , passable " , concluding the film was forgettable .
the drive is open most of the year with the exception of winter , when the road may not be passable .
there is a trail , good and passable in the summer time , from elk camp to redwood camp , distance twelve miles .
for instance , the passes of kara - kazyk , 4,389 m ( 14,400 ft ) and tenghiz - bai 3,413 m ( 11,200 ft ) , both passable all the year round , lead from marghelan to karateghin and the pamirs , while kashgar is reached via osh and gulcha , and then over the passes of terek - davan , 3,720 m ( 12,205 ft ) ; ( open all the year round ) , taldyk , 3,505 m ( 11,500 ft ) , archat , 3,536 m ( 11,600 ft ) , and shart - davan , 4,267 m ( 14,000 ft ) .
it was built in a way that had only one passable artificial entrance that wound its way around the cliff face ( the one natural approach , a steep gravel slope , was too dangerous to use ) ; thus making conquering the fortress extremely difficult .
rana is skilled with languages , and speaks fluently without accent in italian , french and german , and speaks , reads and writes a passable greek , spanish , mandarin , cantonese and japanese .
xenophon provides a similar but more elaborate account , claiming that cyrus dug a huge trench around the city to divert the euphrates and make the river bed passable for the persian army .
steve lived in japan studying martial arts for one year and speaks passable japanese .
the finished route , which presently is a dirt track and is only passable by 4x4s or construction traffic , will include several spanned bridges , avalanche covers and a 1.5 km tunnel .
459 kilometres long the track was pioneered by bushman harry redford in 1871 and is passable to conventional vehicles during the dry season , although caution is required .
the large wonderful bridge is passable under the vaults where birds nest in the marble clefts .
the basic principle is that a pressure drop is created over a by - passable pig held back against a pipeline ’s fluid flow .
the discovery of a passable route around cape bojador marked the beginning of the portuguese exploration of africa .
in 2001 , 70% of the city had a knowledge of dutch that was " at least passable " .
david turns in a barely passable paper , and thanks peggy before going out to win the game .
in the early to mid 1980s , the highway was a little widened which is passable and bypassed nea manolada and lappa in the late 1980s .
in the 19th century , turnpike roads were only passable on payment of extortionate tolls , imposing additional burdens on already poor communities .
" to make navigable or otherwise passable , divers rivers from greenstead [ east grinstead ] , arundell [ arundel ] , petersfield , darkin [ dorking ] and farnham ... to london . "
meader also mastered the facial expressions that allowed him to bear a passable resemblance to kennedy .
his two upper - class spy dramas , " the supreme victory " ( 1929 ) and " mirage " ( 1930 ) , were quite passable , but did n't attract the public .
she learned to read and write , and had a passable knowledge of french , but although she considered herself as capable as her brother , her educational experience was far inferior to his .
it is accessible from the north from cannonville by a paved road and from the south by road 400 , a dirt road from the page , arizona area to cannonville , passable for most vehicles in dry conditions .
craig harris of ign rated the game 6.0 ( passable ) for being an improvement of a mediocre product .
in recent years , electricity and mobile telephony have arrived in the village and there is a passable road , which has reduced the cost of transporting essential goods to the village .
while it is passable to hikers along the whole length , a mountain bike may be essential for bicyclists who want to travel the less developed parts .
a portion of it forms part of the sailroute from hollands diep to the ijsselmeer , passable for ships with masts over 6 meters tall .
phase one of the kiamichi wilderness , closer to the front of the mountain , contains passable roads .
barely passable . ”
it was closed for about three months each winter because of snow , but for much of the rest of the year it was passable even for cart traffic .
work to restore the many bridges in order to make the entire stretch passable is underway .
the ancient causey mounth road was built on high ground to make passable this only available medieval route from coastal points south to aberdeen .
upon inheriting the estate there was not one passable road within its boundaries .
at the cartoon 's original release , the program received mixed reviews ( critic rick du brow termed it merely " passable " ) , but it has since been recognized as a classic , with rotten tomatoes giving it a 100% " fresh " rating on its website .
most commonly the lowest possible passing grades were given as an indication of barely passable performance .
it is only practical to make small drivers with this technology , as large diaphragms have too much weight for passable treble response .
roads were described as so muddy and difficult between november and february that in order to finish the journey by daylight one could barely stop to eat ; however a " royal highway " or " alta via regia strata " was passable in winter between york and durham , and this could have been dere street .
he traveled by carriage where roads were passable .
some maps have new france incorrectly placed about 2 miles ( 3 km ) to the west of its actual location , on a road that may not be passable .
at present the nampong - pangsau pass section is passable in four - wheel drive vehicles .
literary historian paul cernat argued that part of the volume is " a masterpiece of its time " , while concluding that some 700 pages were passable for the " among others " section of eliade 's bibliography .
the numerous deaths occurred within passable sections of a mine which harmony defined as " closed - up " .
the first road that was passable for automobiles was built during world war i by the corps of engineers of the swiss army .
the project must have a passable grade ( 60% or higher ) in order to graduate .
the pass is traversed by a jeep trail that is passable by four - wheel drive vehicles and on foot .
this is a very short section , as the willimantic river bridge is not passable due to a deteriorated deck and is blocked off .
one difficult , single - lane dirt road follows the mountain crest ; it often is closed after storms , and is normally only passable by four - wheel - drive vehicles or motorcycles .
as he made a passable hole the door into the central room came under furious attack from the zulus , and he only had time to drag two bedridden patients out before the door gave way .
its lack of passable roads forced i and ii corps of the british army to divide and the two corps did not reunite for some days .
most remain in poor repair and are not passable during the monsoon season .
the timing of these migratory movements are also dependent on river flows , particularly freshes and floods that drown out and make larger rapids and cascades passable .
its slabs are over four metres ( 13 ft ) long , two metres ( 6 ft 6 in ) wide and weigh over eight tons each , making the bridge passable to a small cart .
" ign 's " dan iverson gave a mixed review , commenting that " it is only passable " and that " it did not have that laugh out loud funny " concept .
within windows 95 , the v1000 was passable , scoring neither top nor bottom in zdnet 's benchmark - suite .
the mountain can be reached from the outskirts of the parish of sainte angèle de mérici , along a track hardly passable .
hilary goldstein of ign gave it a 6.3 out 10 for its passable visuals , good ally a.i. , and complete lack of replay value .
wells were dug at various points , swamps were bridged with logs and the road made passable for teams .
on successive brews ( white teas produce three very good brews and a fourth that is passable ) , extend the time by several minutes per brewing .
" tham lot puyu ( ถ้ำลอดปูยู ) " this passable cave is like the one in ao phang - nga .
at low tide this sump drains quickly and noisily , becoming passable as a ' duck ' beneath a ' figure 8 ' double opening .
