from 1955 to 1962 john kirakosyan contributed to the periodical of the communist party of armenia , " leninyan ughiov " .
however , in 1940 einstein referred to the equations as " maxwell 's equations " in " the fundamentals of theoretical physics " published in the washington periodical " science " , may 24 , 1940 .
it was first formulated in spain by ramiro ledesma ramos in a manifesto published in his periodical la conquista del estado on 14 march 1931 .
he was a member of the editorial board of ' during 1966 , the inaugural year of the periodical .
a popular children 's periodical , chandamama , features a serial story known as " new tales of vikram and betal " for many years .
in 2000 , a writer for the northern echo , a canadian periodical , noted that the canadian clairvoyant mrs. jane welbourn said that “ about 90% of the people i see are experiencing some stress , or something is bothering them .
some of these were essays , such as his " baptized property " ( 1853 ) , an attack on serfdom ; others were periodical publications , the " polyarnaya zvyezda " ( or " polar star " ) , the " kolokol " ( or " bell " ) , and the " golosa iz rossii " ( or " voices from russia " ) .
he wrote a weekly column , carried in the periodical " haiti en - marche " .
he eventually changed his name to george wimberley jones de renne ( a corruption of his grandmother 's maiden name , van deren ) , and began publishing a periodical collection of rare early georgia documents under the title , the " wormsloe quartos " .
contracts have to be in writing , except for contracts about the use of a work in a periodical , which may be concluded orally .
in the following decades , a consistently and aggressively anti - evolution position was taken by the influential jesuit periodical la civiltà cattolica , which though unofficial was generally believed to have accurate information about the views and actions of the vatican authorities .
the " christian observer " was an anglican evangelical periodical , appearing from 1802 to 1874 .
under underwood ’s guidance , gene hill , nick lyons , vance bourjaily , and john madson all appeared in the periodical ’s pages .
in 1893 he co - founded the periodical " for kirke og kultur " , and co - edited it until 1908 .
in 1890–1906 he was the responsible secretary of " nor dar " ( « նոր դար » ) periodical .
whether online access to periodical databases , virtual reference , a daily courier transporting materials between the campuses and the centers , or itv linking instructors with students all over the district , the libraries are committed to providing the same level of service to all the students of cochise college .
his texts appear in four anthologies of canary island authors , and his novel " el camarote de la memoria " was selected for the periodical " discoplay " ( madrid , 1987 ) , along with works from salman rushdie , malcolm lowry , carmen martín gaite , gonzalo torrente ballester , ambrose bierce and adolfo bioy casares , and for the publication " crónicalatinoamericana " ( londres , 1996 ) ; " el camarote de la memoria " has been studied , like texts from víctor doreste , víctor ramírez , y j.j.armas marcelo , by the professor and essayist el hadji amadou ndoye , who included the novel in his book " estudios sobre narrativa canaria " .
because it relies on m. nancy cutt 's annotated bibliography of sherwood 's books in " mrs. sherwood and her books for children " , this list does not include her many periodical articles , such as those she wrote for " the youth 's magazine " .
it also publishes the periodical xtra fyens stiftstidende and " ejendomsavisen fyn " .
before leaving ireland he was a frequent contributor to the periodical literature of the day , and took an active part in the irish literary movement of the 1840s .
product such as , taiwan electronic periodical services and national palace museum online were project by airiti supported and named the best subsidized digital publication by the executive yuan .
ernst also worked for national periodical publications on " larry steele " and at western publishing on " buck jones " , " tom mix " and " clyde beatty " .
the ulc - la flamme published the periodical la flamme .
in 1918 , members of the circle issued a periodical , " free voices " , although it proved to be short lived , it was published only twice , having been discontinued after opposition from merezhkovsky .
three months later , his passion for buddhist education and culture led him to start the " humanity " magazine – the first buddhist periodical in taiwan .
the paper which james white initially started , " the present truth " , was combined with another periodical called the " advent review " in 1850 to become the " second advent review and sabbath herald " .
he was also a regular contributor to the periodical , " liberty bell " .
dr graham - smith holds the title of technical editor at the british periodical pc pro , published monthly by dennis publishing , where he is responsible for coverage of technical issues ranging from microprocessor architecture to operating systems .
many people refer to these non - periodical species as annual cicadas since some are seen in every summer .
the first kannada periodical , " mysuru vrittanta bodhini " was started by bhashyam bhashyacharya in mysore .
the dublin review was an influential catholic periodical founded in 1836 by michael joseph quin , cardinal wiseman and daniel o'connell .
he was founding director of foundation for ancient research and mormon studies ( farms ) and is the current editor of the periodical " byu studies " .
jones was briefly the editor of " udgorn seion " , the church 's welsh language periodical that succeeded jones 's " prophwyd y jubili " .
generally , agencies produce an official " gazette , " or periodical for publishing all rulemaking notice , such as the federal register .
in 1895 meier - graefe was involved in the setting up of the arts and literary periodical " pan " and founded the art nouveau magazine dekorative kunst in 1897 .
and for all the most noted pages of the opera , beginning from the exceedingly famous aria of curiatius , " quelle pupille tenere … " , one can repeat the same argument , saving maybe for marcus horatius’ s largo " se alla patria ognor donai … " , which constitutes " an example of heroic aria for a tenor of buskined melodrama " which was to remain in full vogue till rossini ’s beginnings : " central range , periodical ascending intervals to give vigour and fit to the melody , short melismas or descending scales to strengthen its aulic expression , and intensification of the melismas when the allegro ( « a voi tutti il vivo lampo ... » ) begins " .
fictional books are often used in periodical publications to increase the satirical tone of a work .
it was an official periodical of the young ladies ' mutual improvement association , then the lds church 's organization for adolescent females .
the periodical is accompanied by a book series " biblioteca di ‘ materiali e discussioni per l'analisi dei testi classici’ " edited by maurizio bettini and gian biagio conte .
also sharing this opinion was the duque of saldanha , who shortly after rising to power , revoked it , opening a period known as the " regeneração " ( regeneration / renewal ) which would be especially welcomed by journalists after the law of may 17 , 1866 specifically abolished any " bonds or restrictions to the periodical press " .
in 1899 , wojciechowski moved to london , where he studied the cooperative movement while helping to publish the polish socialist periodical " przedswit " ( “ the dawn ” ) .
for example , the world 's most prestigious graphic design periodical , graphis magazine , the japanese idea magazine and german novum gebrauchsgraphik have published surveys of his work .
" the germ " was a periodical established by the pre - raphaelite brotherhood to disseminate their ideas .
the institute ’s " bulletin mensuel " was “ in the strictest sense a scientific periodical , being devoted to the review of all articles and books which contribute in any way to the explanation of the phenomena of the social life , whether they are published under the titles of biology , physiology , psychology , or those of the several social sciences , history , law , political economy , science of religions , ethnography and sociology ” ( anonymous 1911 : 552 ) .
circulation was more than 1.4 million , 105,870 reference and information questions were answered , 36,693 children listened to stories and participated in children 's programs and 27,342 new books and media items were added to the collection which includes holdings of 300,000 , including 210,000 books and 423 periodical subscriptions .
automobile quarterly is a hardbound , advertising - free periodical publication that started in spring 1962 with the sub - title " the connoisseur 's magazine of motoring today , yesterday , and tomorrow " .
today the 65-page periodical remains the gio ’s flagship publication , a credible source of information for academics in east asian studies , and an engaging read for whoever takes an interest in trends and events that shape the lives of taiwanese people .
in addition to his composition and compiling of tunebooks for use in the singing schools , hastings founded the " musical magazine " , a periodical he edited from 1835 to 1837 ; his early writings on church music for the " western recorder " , which he began editing in 1823 , had given him the prior experience as well as establishing his musical and professional credibility around its home base of utica , new york and the surrounding areas .
during his tenure at " mekeel 's weekly stamp news " , the periodical published a number of significant philatelic monographs and articles , and purchased the competing philatelic journal " weekly philatelic era " which now became part of the " mekeel " company .
during her lifetime she wrote more than 5,000 periodical articles , 40 books , and reported over 2000 visual / aural paranormal experiences , most of which she was convinced were communications with supernatural entities including various angels and sometimes jesus .
according to the journal , after we had launched " the libertarian " , we discovered that a monthly mimeographed periodical with the same name emanating from new jersey had been publishing for several years .
in its 8 october 1949 front page editorial , as well as its review of the movie in the same issue , the motion picture trade periodical " harrison 's reports " , which always disapproved of any movie showing brand - name products , severely criticized this film for its rooftop chase among billboards promoting baby ruth , general electric , fisk tires , bulova watches , kool cigarettes , wheaties and mobil .
he was inspired in part by the periodical " botteghe oscure " , which was based in rome and published by marguerite caetani .
in 1847 he founded in vienna " das fremdenblatt " , a periodical that became the official organ of the austrian foreign office .
they were influenced by a nationalist periodical " aligarh opinion " , which was started by syed sibt - e - hasan , khawaja ahmed abbas and dr. ashraf who were close friends of dr. shabbar hasan .
louisa lula greene richards ( april 8 , 1849 – september 9 , 1944 ) was a poet and was the first female periodical editor in utah territory , usa .
in adult life he travelled extensively , helping create a colony in topolobampo , mexico , and editing the topolobampo periodical from his new jersey home .
although the editors of the " journal of orthomolecular medicine " compare " jom " favorably with and as similar to " medical hypotheses " , which is indexed , " jom " is classified as a " non - recommended periodical " by the alternative medicine watchdog website , quackwatch.org .
over the years , the library grew in size , by obtaining approximately 65,000 volumes and 125 periodical subscriptions .
in the 1890s , under max pemberton 's editorship , the magazine was based on the " strand magazine " , attempting to be a competitor to that periodical .
" greed magazine " was a music , comics , and culture periodical published in washington , dc , by kurt sayenga from 1986 to 1989 .
this essay has never been published in its entirety , although parts of it were published in " unfinished tales " , and the remaining parts were published in the periodical " vinyar tengwar " , issue number 42 in 2001 .
" where what when " is a monthly jewish periodical in the baltimore , maryland area .
he became editor of the " metropolitan magazine " , a catholic periodical published in baltimore , and later edited " the leader " published in st. louis ; each proved a failure .
while in portland , she and her husband co - founded , published and edited the " portland magazine " , a monthly literary periodical where some of her early work first appeared .
after two years at brigham young university ( byu ) , he served as an lds missionary to france , where he edited the church 's " l'etoile " periodical .
ezra pound , t. s. eliot , d. h. lawrence , wyndham lewis , herbert read and james joyce contributed material to the periodical .
it had previously been serialised in a periodical .
between 1886 and 1895 hübbe - schleiden published the monthly periodical " die sphinx " .
he joined the ' narkomindel ' apparel ( people 's commissariat for foreign affairs ) , where he collaborated in the periodical “ international life ” ( международная жизнь ) ,
he worked for this periodical for the rest of his life ; from 1912 he was one of the editors .
in 1902 , brooks founded " fulfillment " , a divine science periodical .
according to dr shankar bhattacharjee , dean , assam university , as well as aryanil mukherjee , editor of kaurab literary periodical , the movement influenced allen ginsberg as much as it influenced american poetry through the beat poets who visited calcutta , patna , chaibasa and benaras during the sixties decade .
in 1927 , arderíus founded the very successful periodical " oriente " .
he founded the periodical " retiarius " and moderates latin speaking summer encounters .
libraries have seen collection budgets decline in real terms compared to the united states periodical price index , and there are other library expenditures such as computers and networking equipment .
the results of the third periodical review became effective for the 1983 general election .
he continued the periodical with the help of duchamp in america .
along with lesser known " esli " ( " if " , or " если " ) magazine , mir fantastiki is considered to be the main ( and most popular ) russian periodical edition covering almost every form of science fiction and fantasy activities : books , films , games etc .
producer jac holzman expressed similar sentiments , stating in 1991 in the periodical " musician " that tim " was n't really comfortable in his own musical skin " .
the following year , mionske began writing " legally speaking " for " velonews "— the first and only periodical column on bicycle law .
rosenberger published a periodical in the language called " progres " .
though they had a prosperous first year in business , thanks to their previous experience in the timber sector , the company also faced periodical difficulties , for example during the depression years of 1930 - 1933 .
these periodical discussions are being participated by people from cross sections of the society and addressed by imminent writers , intellectuals and leaders of public opinion .
spare also contributed four small drawings to crowley 's periodical publication " the equinox " , and a photograph exists which shows a young spare with his hands at the sides of his face in the same pose which crowley himself adopted in the famous 1910 photo with book , robe and hat .
after these diplomatic overtures , soffici , together with giovanni papini , aldo palazzeschi and italo tavolato withdrew from " la voce " in 1913 to form a new periodical , " lacerba " , which would concentrate entirely on art and culture .
he himself moved to uruguay in 1840 when it was discovered that he had collaborated anonymously to " el iniciador " , a periodical critical of rosas .
in 1988 , rhoades cashed out his scholastic stock options and purchased his own periodical , " opportunity magazine " .
he started a periodical called " klych " ( " the call " ) in 1935 .
however , one periodical outsold and dominated all others and set out an entirely new philosophy for essay writing , and that was " the spectator , " written by joseph addison and richard steele .
along with thomas gordon he published " the independent whig " , a weekly periodical .
periodical literature of all sorts — pamphlets , satires , burlesques , " two thousand columns for the papers , " " two hundred biographies "— filled up the next years , and about 1789 combe was receiving £ 200 yearly from the pitt government as a pamphleteer .
michael hind , a member of the original editorial board , recalls how the idea was to ' collect together and publish as a periodical poetry , short fiction , and " intelligent criticism of all the arts " ; there were to be both student and senior members ' contributions . '
the two religious congregations , the sons of the sacred heart and the pious mothers of nigritia , furnished missionaries and sisters to the vicariate , and the two periodical papers " la nigrizia " ( " the negritude " , in verona , italy ) and " stern der neger " ( " star of the negroes " , in brixen , then austria ) print articles about this mission .
the periodical " the freethinker " ( founded in 1881 by george foote ) argued , like paine , that the " absurdities of faith " could be " slain with laughter " .
brood xix ( also known as brood 19 and the great southern brood ) is one of 15 separate broods of periodical cicadas that appear regularly throughout the southeastern united states .
in 1982 , the " ensign " , an official periodical of the lds church , published an article entitled " christ and the creation " by bruce r. mcconkie , which stated that " [ m]ortality and procreation and death all had their beginnings with the fall . "
he joined mark aldanov and alexander kerensky as the co - editor of the berlin periodical " days " , in which he would publish his penetrating analyses of the contemporary soviet literature .
even before this , turner had been promoting western rite orthodoxy through his periodical " orthodoxy " .
he was a co - founder of the paris " zeszyty literackie " in 1983 , and is a regular contributor to the periodical " teksty drugie " .
a&l daily 's layout , designed in july 1998 by dutton , " mimics the 18th century english broadsheets and a 19th century copy of a colonial new zealand periodical , the " lyttelton times " .
currents ( periodical ) .
his comprehensive " geschichte der katholikenverfolgung in england von 1535 - 1681 " began with articles in the " stimmen aus maria - laach " , was continued in the supplements to this periodical , and was completed in five large volumes .
in december 2009 , communicate magazine won the best launch category at the independent publisher awards , organised by the periodical publishers association
farooque chowdhury ( ) is ex - editor of " paribesh patra " , an environmental periodical ( in bangla ) his writings focus on political economy , environmental sociology , non governmental organization , micro - credit and marxist theory .
he also served as the editor of the " baltimore - richmond christian advocate , " a periodical of his denomination , beginning in 1904 .
despite early literary success , he had periodical bouts of mental illness .
backpacking light magazine 's unique approach to online business ( i.e. , creating a community of enthusiasts using online forums , email news , periodical and book publication , retail ecommerce , and manufacturing business models ) has resulted in it generally being identified as the primary thought leader not only in growing the rapidly emerging trend towards ultralight backpacking , but for sustainable online business models as well .
the melba patton library contains 40,000 volumes and maintains 250 periodical subscriptions .
although rigdon 's church briefly flourished through the publication of his periodical , " the messenger and advocate , " quarrels among the rigdonites led most members of the church to desert the senior leader by 1847 .
its more than 145,000 volumes and 380 periodical subscriptions offer unusual depth and richness in the areas of architecture , art , design and photography .
this periodical , " the print connoisseur " subtitled , " a quarterly magazine for the print collector " was published by winfred porter truesdell , of new york .
the " soccer america " college team of the century were chosen by the editors of the american periodical " soccer america " to comprise , as one men 's and one women 's eleven - member side divided each as one goalkeeper , three defenders , four midfielders , and three forwards , the best players of collegiate association football in the united states of the twentieth century ce .
this work was originally carried out in the 1960s by rowland bowen when he was the editor of the " cricket quarterly " periodical .
after being introduced to the ideas of pierre - joseph proudhon by josé de jesus márquez , saturnino martínez ( an asturian immigrant to cuba ) founded the periodical " la aurora " in 1865 .
this may be called " seasons shift " in periodical publications such as comic books .
in return , they were granted periodical shipments of cattle and food .
when robert and june fader purchased the newspaper upon dwelley 's retirement in late 1970 , the building remained the home for the periodical .
the first official images of the tank were then released to other publications , specifically the american periodical " armed forces journal " on may 14 , 1977 .
dr. grabski ’s initiative to create a new art periodical as the main activity of the institute was the result of what was observed as a lack of an independent and , significantly , interdisciplinary journal dedicated to art history .
the other was a group based in amsterdam which published the periodical " rode vlag " ( red flag ) .
early in his career , littman 's writings were published in the " wiener library bulletin " , a periodical of the wiener library .
in 1982 , he founded the center of amazigh studies and research ( ceram ) and a periodical called " awal " ( " the word " ) in paris , and organized several seminars on amazigh language and literature at the école des hautes études en sciences sociales ( ehess ) .
" the chinese repository " was a periodical published at canton , may 1832 - 1851 , for the use of protestant missionaries working in southeast asia .
the leones successes have always been periodical : their first championship came in 1952 , 22 years after the beginning of bsn tournaments .
from 1993–1998 , compton served on the editorial board for the periodical ' .
he assisted in the foundation of the second belgian periodical for classical philology , " le musée belge " ( 1897 ) , and organized a " societas philologa " , at louvain , one of the oldest members of which was the liège professor , charles michel , author of the " recucit d'inscriptions grecques " ( 1900 - 12 ) .
the deutsche medizinische wochenschrift ( " german medical weekly " ) is the most important and visible medical periodical in germany .
unseld was editor ( 1913 - 1923 ) of the " musical visitor " , a periodical published by the vaughan music company .
the mine owners used force to take over the press of the " victor record " , which had been a largely pro - union periodical , and captured strikers , who were then confined in the infamous " bullpens " or taken under guard to the kansas border and abandoned .
others note that it is unclear if joseph smith himself filled in the facsimiles , although he was the editor of times and seasons , the periodical in which the facsimiles first appeared , and as such would have approved any images that were included .
the publication department of shree shree anandamayee charitable society in kolkata regularly publishes her teaching in the periodical " anandavarta quarterly " .
fowler and wells were phrenologists who published a periodical to which walt whitman contributed , and also published his leaves of grass .
• periodical assessment of how national centers of competence in research are allotted with respect to distribution of tasks among universities throughout switzerland ;
together with the periodical worked such people as volodymyr antonovych , dmytro bahaliy , mykola kostomarov , pavlo zhytetskyi , orest levytskyi , oleksandr yefymenko , oleksandr lazarevskyi etc .
he was involved in several of their flagships ; being subeditor of the periodical " samtiden " from 1916 , editor - in - chief of the encyclopedia " achehougs konversasjonsleksikon " from 1919 , and co - editor of the biographical dictionary " norsk biografisk leksikon " from 1921 .
the periodical was initially the campaigning voice of the scottish land restoration union .
that concept was designed to answer " reasonable questions sent to us by the fair sex " and the editors would reply to questions poised to the periodical .
despite the fact that most contributors to the british periodical " magonia " disagree with clark 's endorsement of the extraterrestrial hypothesis , they have nonetheless consulted his books for their articles , and have described his works as " invaluable " and described him as one of " ufology 's finest " and as " highly - respected . " the skeptical rrgroup describes clark as a rare " bona fide ufo researcher . "
computerized periodical databases access many sources not available in the library .
lane and matthews began in 1894 to publish works of ‘ stylish decadence’ , including the notorious literary periodical " the yellow book " .
it was the first english - language periodical targeted to american jewish women , covering an evocative range of topics that ranged from women 's place in the synagogue to whether women should ride bicycles .
different periodical publications design their publications , including their typography , to achieve a particular tone or style .
total holdings in 2006 were nearly 155,000 volumes with over 250 periodical subscriptions .
the " lowell offering " was a monthly periodical collected contributed works of poetry and fiction by the female textile workers ( young women [ age 15 - 35 ] known as the lowell mill girls ) of the lowell , massachusetts textile mills of the early american industrial revolution .
training of rabbis became impossible , and until the late 1980s only one yiddish periodical was published .
many larger library periodical collections in canada maintain a " justice weekly " archive .
the library collection includes 200,000 + individual titles , 900 periodical titles , 100 + databases of articles and information , 14,500 musical recordings , 690 audiobooks , 13,000 instructional videos , and an extensive rental video collection .
guys hospital reports’ he contributed 17 papers between 1848 and 1861 , and numerous other papers appeared in various periodical publications .
in 1995 , periodical collection was transformed into a popular scientific , methodological , and historical journal .
the library currently receives over 1,734 periodical titles , of which 1381 are subscribed , while the remaining titles are received as gratis or on an exchange basis .
" action comics " and national periodical publications .
as a gymnasium student badalić edited the periodical " ljiljan " where he published his first poem in 1867 ( " berba " ) .
in the third and final year of the periodical , " the class struggle " emerged as one of the primary english - language voices of the left wing section of the socialist party , the organized revolutionary socialist faction which formed the communist party of america and the communist labor party of america in the summer of 1919 .
however , an unsaturated cell 's output decreases by some 80 microvolts per year , which is compensated by periodical calibration against a saturated cell .
the period since gay liberation ( from 1968 ) has produced dozens of gay poetry anthologies ( eg 2 edited by ian young alone and others by winston leyland producer of the excelleny gay lib periodical gay sunsdhine , which included poetry ) ; this has mainly been the result of the increasing decriminalisation of gay sex in the anglo world ( male homosexual acts were decriminalized in france in the late 18th century and in italy in the late 19th ) .
wesley was a champion of arminian teachings , defending his soteriology in a periodical titled " the arminian " and writing articles such as " predestination calmly considered " .
he studied law at the universidad central and his first articles appeared in the periodical " índice " , edited by juan ramón jiménez , in 1921 and 1922 .
he edited the nynorsk periodical " syn og segn " from 1960 to 1968 , and was a professor at the university of bergen from 1969 to 1984 .
in factories , as distinct from workshops , a periodical lime washing ( or washing with hot water and soap where paint and varnish have been used ) of all inside walls and ceilings once at least in every fourteen months is generally required ( in bakehouses once in six months ) .
his chief periodical contributions are to be found in " the methodist quarterly " , " the southern literary messenger " , " the southern field and fireside " , " the magnolia " , and " the orion " , and include “
the deep red color of mu cephei was noted by william herschel , who described it as " a very fine deep garnet colour , such as the periodical star ο ceti , " and it is thus commonly known as herschel 's " garnet star " .
on february 1899 , " udentenchem sallok " ( lotus of the east ) , a konkani - portuguese bilingual by eduardo j. bruno de souza , the first konkani periodical was published as a fortnightly in poona .
in addition , briggs sparred with smith over who should be allowed to print their views in the rlds periodical , the " true latter day saints ' herald " .
he has also served on the editorial advisory board of the secular anti - cult movement periodical the " cultic studies journal " .
volume 1 was published by national periodical publications from 1941 until 1949 spanning a total of 38 issues .
in 1766–1767 , he translated for " lühhike öppetus " , the first estonian language periodical publication , edited by peter ernst wilde .
the glass negatives were unearthed in 1956 and reported in the periodical " sun shashin shimbun " .
national periodical 's 1941 copyright hearing against fawcett was dismissed on a technicality ; national had failed to secure the copyright to the superman newspaper strip .
the technology center also had a collection of cd - roms , including census indexes , abstracts of wills , periodical indexes , marriage indexes , military records , land and property records , passenger list indexes , gazetteers , and the cd version of lds family search .
he published the periodical " the hummingbird " ( 1891 - 95 ) .
it was first serialized between january and april 1882 in the periodical " le gaulois " before being published in book form by charpentier in 1883 .
it was formulated in spain by ramiro ledesma ramos in a manifesto published in his periodical " la conquista del estado " on march 14 , 1931 .
the reverend david rees ( 18 november 1801- 31 march 1869 ) was a welsh congregational minister of capel als chapel llanelli , carmarthenshire , and an editor of a radical welsh language nonconformist periodical titled " y diwygiwr " [ the reformer ] .
the results of the third periodical review of the boundary commission for scotland were implemented for the 1983 general election of the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom ( westminster ) .
in 1787 , her career as a writer started in earnest with a small work titled " boutade , to a friend . " also , she had a few of her poems published in the popular poetic periodical , the " almanach des muses " .
in 1931 , he broke with the surrealism movement to found abstraction - création , working with the paris - based group abstraction - création and the periodical , " transition " .
often construed as the main lady explorer of the expedition , mary baltimore constantly cites her favorite periodical ( the fictional newspaper " the boston geo " ) as a source of wisdom .
in 1933 , dallas acquired the periodical " bibliotheca sacra " and began publishing it in 1934 .
a periodical cultural review also appears , under the name " gerjepart " ( bank of the gerje ) .
these writers are often extremely prolific , with hundreds or even thousands of short novels to their credit , and one or more short novel published in a monthly periodical .
the calcutta review is a bi - annual periodical , now published by the calcutta university press , featuring scholarly articles from a variety of disciplines .
a major periodical crop is casuarina .
not many years later , in 1790 , the periodical accounts of the moravian missionaries described a group of indians living west of okak as " nascopies " .
he contributed to the dada ( and later surrealist ) periodical " litterature " .
in august 1909 , the famous russian artistic periodical " apollon " received a letter with verses on a perfumed paper with black mourning edges , signed only by a single russian letter " ch " .
she published articles and novels , notably in the periodical " mercure de france " , and befriended henri michaux , pierre morhange and robert desnos .
he wrote in addition many critical , biographical , historical , and archeological articles for the jewish periodical press , especially for " monatsschrift , " " revue des etudes juives , " and " ha - ḥoḳer , " some of which have been reprinted in book form .
he was a frequent contributor to periodical literature , especially on financial subjects .
under that statute ( § 2 ) all rents , annuities , dividends and other periodical payments in the nature of income are to be considered as accruing from day to day and to be apportionable in respect of time accordingly .
the modern law review is an academic legal periodical published in the united kingdom by wiley publishing and which has traditionally maintained close academic ties with the law department of the london school of economics .
during world war ii , drezen regularly published anti - semitic and pro - hitler articles in the collaborationist periodical " l'heure bretonne " , an organ of the breton national party .
in prešov he headed the eparchy 's publishing division , where he edited a monthly periodical .
the boundary commissions completed their first periodical reviews in 1954 , as required by the 1944 act .
the political state " is , moreover , particularly noticeable as being the first periodical , issued at brief intervals , which contained a parliamentary chronicle , and in which parliamentary debates were reported with comparative regularity and with some approximation to accuracy .
that same year , he co - founded with emilio prados the literary periodical " litoral " , whose 1927 triple issue commemorated the three hundredth anniversary of the death of luis de góngora , a poet greatly admired by the generation of ' 27 .
he is member of many academic organizations and specialized periodical publications .
in 1965 he founded the literary periodical " los sesenta " ( the sixties ) , with editors that included the poets jorge guillén and rafael alberti .
hasl periodical releases .
in 2008 , " wunderground " was granted an issn number ( 1938 - 0089 ) by the library of congress , recognizing the paper as a certified periodical publication .
" parade " magazine , the world 's largest weekly periodical , with a circulation of 33 million households , featured greg mortenson in an article on november 22 , 2009 .
the first kannada periodical , " mysuru vrittanta bodhini " was started by bhashyam bhashyacharya in mysore .
this periodical which is widely circulated nationwide , is published by the cultural staff of public relations office .
the name has also been employed as the title of a periodical published by the international wizard of oz club , edited and illustrated by martin .
in the 1920s and early 30s , alpári was active in germany , where he was editor in chief on the comintern ’s german - language periodical " internationale presse korrespondenz " .
the catholicossate also runs a printing house that publishes various religious , cultural and historical books and publications , as well as " hask " the official periodical of the catholicossate and the annual " hask armenological review " .
it would publish the " bulletin international du mouvement syndicaliste " , thus far edited by cornelissen , and draw its revenue from the subscriptions to this periodical .
in 1964 in the gay periodical drum magazine , allen j. shapiro , writing as a. jay , began a comic strip the adventures of harry chess : that man from a.u.n.t.i.e. ( agents undercover network to investigate evil . )
distribution of issues also varied ; while many well - stocked periodical outlets attractive to cof 's readership interests did not carry the magazine , some less - likely outlets ( such as grocery stores ) would have copies available .
according to " periodical china " , " caijing 's " evolution has been closely tied to hu , and if hu leaves the magazine in the future , " caijing 's " future could be greatly affected .
the journal is currently indexed in the " association of business schools ' academic journal quality guide , compendex , embase , emnursing , geobase , international abstracts in operations research , international bibliography of periodical literature on the humanities and social sciences , international bibliography of book reviews of scholarly literature on the humanities and social sciences , international bibliography of the social sciences , mosby yearbooks " , and " scopus .
selling over 15,000 copies within a year of its release , the album 's success led to the release of the " no depression " periodical .
periodical festivals are celebrated with unbounded zeal .
" the ensign of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints " , commonly shortened to " ensign " ( ) , is an official periodical of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints ( lds church ) .
he conducted the business of this periodical very successfully , especially during the stormy years ( for his denomination ) of 1890 and 1891 .
dickens wrote several journalistic pieces about the inspector and the work of the detectives in " household words " , his monthly periodical in which he also published articles attacking the chancery system .
" circumstance " is an allegorical short story written by american author harriet elizabeth prescott spofford as a periodical in the atlantic monthly in 1860 .
jabr ya ekhtiyar ( anonymous and undated , contents first published in the periodical vahid in 1971 ) , dialogues with a sufi about predestination and free will .
what canst thou say is an independent periodical published by quakers about mystical experiences within the religious society of friends .
periodical droughts caused , however , supply shortfalls and blackouts , which led the government to increase diversification in the country ’s energy mix in the 1990s , mainly through the addition of natural - gas fired power plants .
the urdu digest is a famous periodical in pakistan .
she is a co - editor of " chetver " periodical .
the estonian writers union was founded in 1922 ; the literary monthly looming ( creation ) first appeared in 1923 and is still the main periodical of its sort in estonia .
she began serving as editor of the online periodical " arts wire current " in march 1996 .
one of the weber county library 's primary strengths is its periodical collection .
its goal is to further the study of generative grammar by organizing an annual spring linguistics conference and periodical summer schools , and by publishing a newsletter that discusses current intellectual ( and organizational ) issues in the study of generative grammar .
it publishes the " fraternity / testveriseg " periodical once quarterly .
in addition to these , various periodical publications not specially devoted to philosophy have given neo - scholasticism warm attention .
" christianity today " is an evangelical christian periodical based in carol stream , illinois .
the " international journal of circumpolar health " is a scholarly periodical concentrating on health issues of indigenous peoples in arctic and antarctic environments .
the periodical " ha - me'assef " was projected as a rallying - point for all those who were interested in and able to contribute to the work .
" udgorn seion " ( in english , the " trumpet of zion " or " zion 's trumpet " ) was the official welsh language periodical of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints between 1849 and 1862 .
in june 1916 , he began editing and managing the periodical " dada " as a successor of the short - lived magazine " cabaret voltaire "— richter describes his " energy , passion and talent for the job " , which he claims satisfied all dadaists .
after a spell in ireland working for a literary periodical , he went to the us where he held a number of positions in various universities , finally accepting a professorship at the university of california at santa barbara in 1974 .
the collection currently contains over 50,000 books , 8,000 serials titles ( including nearly 800 current periodical subscriptions ) records and tape recordings of speeches , debates , songs , and oral histories , sheet music , buttons , posters , photographs , and comics .
it was the first english - language periodical targeted to american jewish women .
it also came with a mock periodical in the form of a thin newspaper made up of collage art , called " fuck facts . "
in july 2006 , " hm " launched a consumer magazine called " agent dvd , " which is intended as a semi - regular periodical focusing on home entertainment news .
this periodical is composed by the latin department of the university complutense .
there are still people foolish enough to search at their own expense for the philosopher 's stone ; the newsmonger and the periodical press are beginning to play a role in everyday life .
the " konkani dirvem " was the first konkani language periodical to be published in mangalore in 1912 .
chen was the chief editor of this periodical .
the incident became public one year later , when an article in an american technical periodical ( nucleonic weeks ) was published .
he married mary e. joy in 1866 , and both he and mrs haweis ( d. 1898 ) contributed largely to periodical literature and travelled a good deal abroad .
by july 1947 costa rican pioneer marcia steward was appointed secretary of the central american teaching committee and planning a periodical for the region .
" le palamède " was the world 's first periodical devoted to the game of chess .
the american miners ' association published a periodical called the " weekly miner " .
originally called " journal of embryology and experimental morphology " ( ) and founded the 1953 , the journal provided a periodical that would be primarily devoted to morphogenesis .
the founding of the periodical .
it was the first armenian periodical publication ever published and father shmavonyan is considered a pioneer because of his initiative and father of armenian journalism .
mention should also be made of the work of uk feminist groups such as the london - based matriarchy study group which produced the " goddess " issue of the feminist periodical " shrew " ( this was an occasional publication , produced by a different collective each issue ) as well as the pamphlets " menstrual taboos " and " the politics of matriarchy " ; these featured the early writings of asphodel ( pauline ) long and the artist monica sjoo among others .
acutely aware of the real threat posed by the nazi party in austria , he began writing for " der österreichische ständestaat " , a periodical founded to combat nazism and edited by dietrich von hildebrand .
the young man graduated from the universidad de la república , started as a poetry contributor to writer josé enrique rodó , and became a journalist for " el nacional " and , in 1901 , founded his first periodical , " alborada " ( " dawn " ) .
a burlesque on the bookman , which was a periodical promoting new books .
in its march 2 - 9 issue , the periodical blamed " an ill beest , or rather bird " for betraying the " claricilla " actors , because they denied him a share in the proceeds — and indicated that this actor was involved in attempts to stage plays " in his own house .
