most deported persons perished in the shoah .
many of those aboard the ships perished .
most of the original kpp members and leaders perished during stalin 's great purge .
augustine wrote that some believed " he now lives in concealment in the vigor of that same age which he had reached when he was believed to have perished , and will live until he is revealed in his own time and restored to his kingdom . "
every sentient being in the galaxy perished .
in 1915 his friend mrs. mary cummins brown of new york perished in the sinking of the british luxury liner " rms lusitania " off the irish coast , a fact he wrote about two days later in " the new york times " .
a permanent marker , honoring the brave acts of edgar culbertson , was placed on the pier near the lake superior maritime visitor center near the spot where culbertson perished .
several animals perished in the blaze .
bruenor , wulfgar , regis and catti - brie , believing drizzt to have perished , continue their quest with heavy hearts ; bruenor decides that they will only scout the upper levels , and begins to doubt the wisdom of trying to retake mithril hall .
the doctor stopped him , and the two fought , until chase fell into the shredder and perished .
his helicopter was shot down by lady penelope during his escape and he was subsequently assumed to have perished , although many fans note that the hood had faced such seemingly certain - death situations before and always survived .
eleven men perished with the ship .
in january 1828 alasdair ranaldson perished trying to escape from a steamer which had gone aground .
in the great persecution of 1328 , during which 6,000 jews perished in navarre , those of tudela did not escape .
the original vidar of asgard appeared in " thor " # 293 - 294 in an account of how the original asgard perished and how its nine survivors ( including vidar ) gave birth to the present odin , but this account may be apocryphal .
through the recollection of the journeys of those who perished and by sharing the experiences of the survivors , the programme shows that the failure of mankind to prevent the holocaust has direct relevance to the dangers of genocide that persist today .
frankie and her son , norman ray thompkins ( 1960 - 1975 ) , perished from injuries sustained in an automobile accident in bunkie in avoyelles parish south of alexandria .
eighty men ( " four score " ) have perished in bloody combat , and conan alone survives the battlefield where wulfhere 's aesir " reavers " fought the vanir " wolves " of bragi , a vanir chieftain .
there was that time upon the river of rhone , in a certain wood between arles and avignon , a great dragon , half beast and half fish , greater than an ox , longer than an horse , having teeth sharp as a sword , and horned on either side , head like a lion , tail like a serpent , and defended him with two wings on either side , and could not be beaten with cast of stones ne with other armour , and was as strong as twelve lions or bears ; which dragon lay hiding and lurking in the river , and perished them that passed by and drowned ships .
most of their troops perished including their commander .
fifteen working men , a large portion of the adult male population of tristan , had perished in a boat accident in 1885 .
( it is notable that in chinese sources the family names are given only of the perished commanders of various ranks , while the losses amongst the line pilots are hardly even noted . )
a total of 345 puerto ricans who resided in the island died in combat . because of lack of separate documentation , the total number of puerto ricans who lived in the mainland united states and perished is unknown .
although the rainfall generally relieved drought conditions , one person perished due to flooding in samchok .
during the second world war , most of the tower 's ravens perished through shock during bombing raids , leaving a sole survivor named ' grip ' .
the lost colony of roanoke dna project will seek to discover whether the colonists perished or survived as part of the indigenous culture .
khosrau perished in a dungeon after suffering for five days on bare sustenance —
among these were sergey shiborin , said to have perished in 1958 .
landulf iv perished in battle fighting for the emperor , in 982 , against the greeks and saracens .
the pair of men fell and perished within a matter of minutes .
eventually the crops failed and thousands perished .
although the brandenburg forces never actually managed to force the swedes to commit to the field in an open battle as frederick had wanted , many swedish troops perished in the harsh winter from hypothermia and starvation , and the swedish army was effectively destroyed .
a year later , just a week before the uprising , some 17,000 lithuanians , mainly the intelligentsia , were taken with their entire families and deported to siberia , where many perished due to inhumane living conditions ( see the june deportation ) .
" splatsky " ) and perished on the rms titanic .
finally in september they were able to start their return journey on the new frozen sea ice , but en route mylius - erichsen and hagen perished of starvation , exhaustion , and cold .
it is n't long before even the sky itself is cursed , with whirl - like clouds and the eerily smoky , ghost - like faces of the victims who perished in the grip of uzumaki appearing during funerals .
evidence suggests that herbivorous animals , which depended on plants and plankton as their food , died out as their food sources became scarce ; consequently , top predators such as " tyrannosaurus rex " also perished .
polish casualties were very heavy ( norman davies wrote : " at chmielnik , the assembled nobility of malopolska perished to a man " ) , włodzimierz and pakosław were slain .
bernes sang that the soldiers that perished in war turned into cranes .
not one of the defenders escaped but half of the opposing army perished .
the " mather " was a coal - carrying steamer but she " perished with an abnormal cargo of wheat " .
after the battle of midway , the airfield on eastern island was named in honor of major lofton henderson , who perished in the battle .
its previous commander , colonel - general eugen ritter von schobert , had perished when his plane landed in a russian minefield .
the volunteers walked to ethiopia and back and many of them perished on the way .
in the bulgarian folklore is mentioned that the son of the emperor perished with the death of the brave .
after some people had perished in a snowstorm by the end of the 18th century , the kjölur road was forgotten for about 100 years .
the expedition also experienced tragedy when four climbers perished in the khumbu icefall during setup of camp i.
( this does not fit with gildas ' account in which ambrosius ' family perished in the turmoil of the saxon uprisings . )
all 25 women and children aboard and all the officers perished .
it is named after the five people who perished when the bridge collapsed .
layana , who had spent that day playing in a charity golf tournament to raise money for juvenile diabetes , was the only person in the car who perished .
bedding was in short supply and many perished during that harsh winter of 1783/84 .
17 of these perished in " readjustment " camps .
johnson and his men were surprised at the battle of san patricio on february 27 , 1836 ; although most of his men perished , johnson escaped .
many tried and perished until a proud nobleman came along , who appealed to kunigunde 's eyes .
only 75 of the 280 ( officially known ) passengers survived the disaster , 73% perished in the incident .
ub-45 " sank so rapidly that the only survivors were three men on the conning tower and two on deck , all of whom were injured ; the other fifteen men on board perished in the attack .
through a series of unlikely coincidences , thousands of people who surely would have perished in their homelands were able to live comfortably in a time of war .
after the russian revolution of 1917 , zinaida married zakhar borisovich moglin ( 1897 - 1937 , perished during the great purges ) and had a daughter with him , alexandra moglina ( 1923 - 1989 ) .
in the ensuing struggle , the mandarin perished , and the ultimate , surprising victor was outsider gary gilbert , the original firebrand .
both uglješa and vukašin perished in the carnage .
arthur , his sister , and their father and mother were saved , but his older brother , leonard samuel delamont , a fine musician , perished .
only 22 men survived , while between 98 and 112 people perished .
the names of those who perished on that day are recorded in the " íslendinga saga " which is included as a part of the " sturlunga saga " .
in 1650 , william 's son , william vi , began his rule as landgrave , and continued the hesse - kassel line , which almost perished under maurice and william v.
but the liberal victory perished by the end of the year .
the nazi left itself was annihilated during the night of the long knives in 1934 ( in which his brother perished ) , leaving hitler as undisputed party leader and able to pacify both industrialists and the military into accepting his new national socialist regime .
according to the annalist peter of blois , ivo and lucy 's " only daughter , who had been nobly espoused , died before her father ; for that evil shoots should not fix deep roots in the world , the accursed lineage of that wicked man perished by the axe of the almighty , which cut off all his issue .
the baedeker company 's premises and files perished in a december 1943 air raid , but baedeker 's great grandson revived the company , restarting publication of tourist guides in 1948 .
demeter , goddess of the harvest , whose name originally meant ' earth mother ' , wreaked revenge upon the earth by refusing to provide any crops , so that the " entire human race [ would ] have perished of cruel , biting hunger if zeus had not been concerned " ( larousse 152 ) .
once an ilanji perished new one would sprout at the same place , so there used to be no planting of new trees in the past .
many of the eldar mourned the victory as bittersweet for the one ring was kept by isildur , who later perished and lost it in the gladden fields .
the rebbe , a survivor of auschwitz and the warsaw ghetto , has made it his life 's mission to have jews remember those who perished in the holocaust through the saying of the shema prayer at the end of every synagogue service .
when donaghmore workhouse opened most of the poor of the county had already perished from starvation or emigrated .
both serrão and magellan , however , perished before they could meet one another .
thousands more perished in the ponary massacre , in german concentration camps , and in ghettos .
it is estimated that 42 people perished , largely in queens , and several hundred more people were injured .
no one perished though .
when the one reprobate angel was tossed from heaven to earth , he perished , but not before impregnating eve so that cain was born to perpetuate his frustrated rage upon this earth .
he fought in the battle of gettysburg , leading his troops in a series of charges on little round top , where his brother john perished .
the nun perished instead .
after the expulsion by the xvth congress , zinoviev , kamenev and their supporters surrendered to stalin , " admitted their mistakes " and were readmitted to the communist party in 1928 , although they never regained their former influence and eventually perished in the great purge .
the st david 's lifeboat , located at st justinian , has saved numerous lives since the first lifeboat was located there in 1869 ; and a number of heroic lifeboatmen here have perished in the cause of saving others .
all of them , except for stučka ( who died in 1932 ) and pelše , perished in the great purges of 1937–1940 .
the register shows that robert aldridge was buried in the church , but his memorial has perished .
in 1942 the ghetto was liquidated and its inmates perished in the belzec extermination camp .
these lands , often given to heroes who perished in the line of duty were called " bilavritti " or " kalnad " .
other , less likely possibilities include that it derives from ' cairn of the host ' or ' cairn of the heroes ' in memory of those who supposedly perished at the battle of barry .
by this time , lafitte 's only known son , jean pierre lafitte , was also dead ; he perished during an epidemic in new orleans in october 1832 .
in 1816 , the sea horse , a military transport ship , with the 2nd battalion of the 59th regiment of foot , was wrecked in tramore bay , and 292 men and 71 women and children perished .
the liberal speyer papers soon perished .
robert landsberg ( 1932 - 1980 ) was a photographer from portland , oregon who perished in the may 18 , 1980 eruption of mount st. helens .
but we heard that they all perished , quarrelling with one another . "
many of the ox & bucks taken at kut , like the rest of the prisoners , suffered mistreatment by the ottomans and did not survive the war ; it is estimated that just under 2,000 british and up to 3,000 indians perished in captivity .
there was only enough lifeboats for half the passengers and 1,503 people perished .
it is the site of a memorial to those who perished on that day .
daniel 's uncle , an ardent revolutionary ( alias liberten ) , was a member of comintern who perished in the great purge .
his mother , grandmother , and stepfather perished at the auschwitz concentration camp .
those that survived the initial attack spent up to eight hours in the water before being rescued , and many of these perished .
after it was built , it was decided to serve as a monument to the late ron childs who perished in the ash wednesday fires .
its 36th infantry regiment was sent to saipan , where it perished almost to the last man in the battle of saipan .
this became an urgent task after the wars of apostasy and the battle of yamamah in particular in which a large number of those who had committed the quran to memory perished .
interior minister rehman malik and an anonymous intelligence official confirmed to the associated press that the militant leader had perished but provided no further details .
tragically , while en route to england for their honeymoon , bride and groom became part of the 1198 who perished when their ship , the lusitania , was torpedoed and sunk off ireland in may 1915 .
contrary to media reports and speculation at the time , the fires killed very few park animals— surveys indicated that only about 345 elk ( of an estimated 40,000–50,000 ) , 36 deer , 12 moose , 6 black bears , and 9 bison had perished .
almost all troops perished , with few of them captured alive .
arthur perished in the sinking however , and his body was recovered by the " mackay - bennett " .
there are several graves for victims of the great sheffield flood of 1864 , which include resting places for the watson , price and atkinson families who perished in the great inundation .
confusing the situation further is a calamitous bottleneck eastern freshwater cod of the clarence river system went through a couple of thousand years ago , as revealed by dna analysis , in which the majority of the population perished .
robinson perished while flying his biplane , attempting to set an altitude record on march 11 , 1916 .
approximately quarter of a million muslim people have been perished from massacres , cold , disease and bad conditions .
in december 1900 , after incrementally more ominous monthly reports , the " missionary herald " broke five - month - old news to its readers : " the entire mission staff in the province of shanxi has perished " .
during the siege , one of his brigadiers , count charles d'artagnan , perished .
following a confrontation with s.h.i.e.l.d. 's " capekillers " , skybolt and ripcord are killed , and donyell revealed that he had been working on a time machine , so that he could save the former new warriors from their deaths in stamford , and by extension , the new warriors who had perished since then .
then , after nearly a decade of occupation amid divers london orchestras , barsanti suddenly perished during a hapless juncture of his life defined by impoverishment and despondence .
although many of the library ’s books perished in the flames of 1814 , the library to over 5,000 volumes by 1830 , largely through its role as preserver of all copyrighted material .
800 jews perished in the pogroms of worms and even 1000 in mainz .
up to 300 people perished from the deportation itself .
the knights fought bravely and most of them perished .
their teenage marriage led to pregnancy ( joão was 15 years old when his wife conceived ) , and their only child sebastian of portugal was born posthumously in 1554 a couple of weeks after the teenage father joão had perished of juvenile diabetes at the age of 16 years ( note : the spanish wikipedia entry states the cause was tuberculosis ) .
howard , piloting one of the devastators , and his radio gunner , aviation radioman 3rd class charles l. moore , perished in the attack .
on the atlantic crossing , the captain of his ship called horatio to his cabin to tell him that they were passing over the spot where his four daughters had perished .
during the course of the strip , the manix robot was destroyed and then replaced several times : the original ' perished ' whilst pursuing a mafia don by falling from the don 's exploding helicopter into mount etna , and his replacement being captured and re - programmed by s.m.o.g. , prompting a third , improved manix to capture and destroy the ' brainwashed ' second robot .
90 of the crew were rescued , but 101 perished in the battle which had lasted less than 20 minutes .
many of these individuals were executed or perished in prison camps .
all six crewmembers , three of whom were from the 20th , perished .
however , he attempts to trick her into going back to the triad ( whom billie thought had perished ) rather than her sister , saying that only the triad can prevent christy from dying .
evidence suggests that herbivorous animals died out when the plants they depended on for food became scarce ; consequently , top predators such as " tyrannosaurus rex " also perished .
dias perished near the cape of good hope that he presciently had named cape of storms .
before the war , mecklenburg and western pomerania had a population of 1,278,700 , of whom many perished during the war and another share moved west in the course of the red army 's advance .
even more seriously , the generation of students that durkheim had trained were now being drafted to serve in the army , and many of them perished in the trenches .
the patriarchs of both cambodian nikayas perished sometime during the period 1975 - 78 , though the cause of their deaths is not known .
as a result , melu was not part of the team that perished in the gabon disaster the following .
david kingsley , who perished during world war ii in the vicinity of the village .
the only one in normal service occurred on march 26 , 2005 in pennsylvania , where six people on board perished when the plane crashed after experiencing a loss of control during the landing approach .
hugh inherited large estates in east anglia on the death of his brother william , who perished without issue in the sinking of the white ship on 26 november 1120 .
the following year ( 1841 ) zorawar singh , while invading tibet , was overtaken by winter , and , being attacked when his troops were disabled by cold , perished with nearly all his army .
he was arrested in february 1944 when the german occupiers discovered several undercover newspapers , spent time at møllergata 19 , and perished during transport to germany with " ss westfalen " in september 1944 .
while most magical beings , including almost all of the rathumi , perished , grace somehow survived , though losing both her wings and her access to magic .
being from gabon , off whose coast the zambian team perished , increased the tensions since the gabonsese allegedly were impeding the progress of the investigation into the airplane crash .
four people , including the driver of the truck , perished in the crash .
one forest service employee and 14 volunteer firefighters perished .
by this point , 350 tongans had perished in the conflict , and 150 samoans had died .
it was dedicated on april 15 , 2007 in memory of those who perished during the holocaust , and in honor of all the liberators and survivors of the nazi concentration camps .
opposite the property is a pet 's grave , paying tribute to a trio of cats and dogs , which perished between 1900 and 1902 .
he is thought to have perished in a storm .
according to differing research " the number of poles who perished at the hands of the germans for aiding jews " was as high as fifty thousand .
however there is no question that sanada yukimura perished during this battle as there were many witnesses .
george yates , all perished at the little big horn on june 25 , 1876 .
in contrast , criticism and even open animosity towards severloh is to be found amongst the descendants of the american soldiers , both those who perished and those who survived .
they waged a war against asparukh who perished in battle fighting the invaders in 700 .
in his " history of the wars " , procopius mentions a story ( which gibbon disbelieved ) where , on hearing the news that rome had " perished " , honorius was initially shocked ; thinking the news was in reference to a favorite chicken he had named " roma " .
salomon august andrée ( october 18 , 1854 – october 1897 ) , during his lifetime most often known as s. a. andrée , was a swedish engineer , physicist , aeronaut and polar explorer who perished during a failed attempt to reach the geographic north pole by hydrogen balloon , the s. a. andrée 's arctic balloon expedition of 1897 , which ended with the death of all three participants .
nicolls perished in the action between the english and dutch fleets at solebay , and the ball which killed him is preserved on his tomb .
most of the 4097 jews listed by the germans , were eventually deported to the auschwitz concentration camp and perished there in the holocaust .
others claim that it was a schooner that gold seekers wishing to search the more inaccessible portions of the colorado river had built in los angeles and hauled through the desert by a mule or oxen team until the animals perished leaving the boat mired in soft sand .
the turpin road war memorial is also here , it pays tribute to residents of walford who perished in the first and second world wars .
they were bold enough to perform songs banned by soviet censors and in 1989 became the first group to publicly perform mykhaylo verbytsky 's " shche ne vmerla ukraina " ( " ukraine 's glory has not perished " ) , the once and future national anthem of independent ukraine , which was officially banned at the time .
landless , who was himself , i think , to have perished in assisting tartar
however , satake stayed behind to defend the area from b-25 bomber planes in order to allow the japanese army to retreat and perished in the battle .
on the surface of the polished granite rim surrounding the fountain are bronze plates bearing the names of 4,177 greater clevelanders who perished in wwii and in the korean war .
the final ruin of brethil was brought about by the curse of morgoth , when by the deeds of túrin turambar and húrin thalion the last descendants of haldad perished .
however , evidence now suggests that rudists did actually survive up until the mass extinction event , and perished in that event ( steuber et al .
the mitchum film is based on a real life incident in which a moonshiner perished on the road whilst on the run from the police .
if the dauphin did escape , it seems probable that he perished shortly afterward or lived in a safe obscurity .
his wife and 9 children perished in auschwitz .
all the inhabitants perished , and not a trace remained , except for a few fragments projecting from the sea .
a total of over 2,400 people perished during the season .
his love for her was so strong that when she perished from a poisoned snake bite , orpheus traveled down to the realm of hades to plead for her return .
aegnor was slain when morgoth broke the siege in the dagor bragollach , and tolkien wrote that " it is probable , though nowhere stated , that andreth perished herself at this time " .
they eventually arrived safely back at cape evans on november 7 1912 , only to be informed that scott and the entire polar party had perished months earlier .
two members of the crew of the " clobbered turkey " who set out to seek assistance also perished a few miles from the site .
16,000 of the 28,000 evacuees perished .
some say that he perished in the temple with his disciples , others that he fled first to tarentum , and that , being driven from there , he escaped to metapontum , and there starved himself to death .
within a month of the aborigines ' departure , burke and willis both perished .
this is a list of some of the notable mountain climbers who have perished on these mountains .
three people perished during the storm , and travel was severely restricted for a couple days following the snowfall .
we also know about corvinae , with which the only copy of ancient books perished , including the full works of hypereides , writings by flavius cresconius corippus , cuspinianus and procopius .
shikhandi , bhisma 's effective killer and thousands of other prominent pandava warriors were mercilessly put to the edge of ashwatthama 's sword and perished .
his son , admiral matsuji ijuin , also a career navy officer , perished in world war ii during the battle of saipan in 1944 .
years later , robin along with his heroic colleagues perished at the hands of the justice league due to the involvement of earth - prime resident turned supervillain cary bates , however he was soon restored to life .
not yet perished ) was set to music and adapted as the ukrainian national anthem .
some recent reports raise the number of belarusians who perished in war to " 3 million 650 thousand people , unlike the former 2.2 million .
the university perished at the hands of the muslim invaders .
moreover , the horrors of the war were aggravated by pestilence , and the jews and townsfolk of the districts of kalisz , kraków , poznań , piotrków , and lublin perished " en masse " by the sword of the sieging armies and the plague .
ohba gave mello a " very plain " death , depicted in only one panel ; he felt that if mello had perished " dramatically " it would reveal the truth behind his death .
caliph suleiman had perished in 717 whilst fighting the byzantines on the border , most likely trying to lead a relief force or a diversionary attack , and was replaced by umar ii , who continued the siege .
some say that they were godless people , who in their lifetime had denied the resurrection , and committed other sins ; others think they were those ephraimites who tried to escape from egypt before moses and perished in the attempt .
the bulgarian military cemetery near novo selo is the final resting place of 71 bulgarian military men of the 2nd infantry thracian division and the 11th infantry macedonian division who perished during the first and second balkan war and the first world war .
some other theories suggest that he perished on the battlefield or was killed by order of stefan dusan .
nearly all the writings of basilides have perished , but the names of three of his works and some fragments have come down to us .
early success led to the capture of bruges and most of flanders by the rebels , but philip perished in the crush of bodies at the battle of roosebeke in 1382 .
despite often widely varying treatment ( some groups were actively targeted for genocide , while others were mostly not ) , these victims all perished alongside one another , some in the nazi concentration camps , and some as victims of other forms of nazi brutality , according to the extensive documentation left behind by the nazis themselves ( written and photographed ) , eyewitness testimony ( by survivors , perpetrators , and bystanders ) , and the statistical records of the various countries under occupation .
families who lost children received about $ 4.5 million from valley coca - cola for each child who perished while the 60 children who survived each received an estimated $ 500,000 to $ 900,000 .
according to several sources 3–10% of the emigrants are estimated to have perished on the way west .
some other high ranking peruvian officers who also perished were colonel alfonso ugarte ( who purportedly jumped on his horse off the cliff down into the underlying pacific ocean to prevent the capture of the peruvian flag by chilean forces ) , and colonel mariano bustamante , his chief of detail .
some 5,000 to 10,000 people perished because of constant heat across the united states although - according to many estimates - total death reports run as high as next to 17,000 deaths .
for certain shrines , the bones of a perished whale were also deposited in the area ( naumann , 1974 , p. 5 ) .
originally a career officer in the rdf whose family perished during the zentradi decimation of earth 's surface , emerson resigned his commission sometime after the zentradi malcontent uprisings and was eventually assigned the political position of minister of terrestrial defense in the united earth government .
in all those camps , some 90 percent of the serbian jewish population perished .
large numbers of westphalian troops perished in the russian campaign of 1812 ; the westphalian guards heroically but unsuccessfully charged the raevski redoubt during the battle of borodino .
he had sanctioned the second marriage of a young woman whose husband had probably , though not certainly , perished by shipwreck .
all perished .
there is also a church mausoleum dedicated to the perished bulgarian soldiers in the balkan wars and the first world war .
countless animals have perished in the fires , tortoises being the most easily visible , due to their burnt - out shells .
on november 28 , 2004 , a plane carrying ebersol and two of their sons crashed in colorado ; ebersol and son charles survived , but son teddy ( age 14 at the time ) perished , as did the pilot and flight attendant .
these humanoid forms were based on the initial entities they first encountered , a squadron of l.e.g.i.o.n. soldiers , most of whom perished .
under the militaristic rule of degwin 's genocidal son gihren , side 3 declared a deadly war against the earth federation in u.c. 0079 under the banner of independence , known as the one year war , in which over half of all human population perished .
it is estimated that 5,000 members of the fleet perished in ireland .
although many armenians perished during the armenian genocide , some of the armenians managed to escape , and established themselves in various eastern european cities , such as moscow , russia ; sochi , russia ; odessa , ukraine ; sevastopol , crimea ( ukraine ) ; tbilisi , georgia ; batumi , georgia ; plovdiv , bulgaria .
characters who perished in earlier games were revived with little or no explanation .
on 3 august 1964 two houses and parts of two others disappeared down a massive sinkhole in which the oosthuizen family of four perished .
the memorial was built in memory of the indian soldiers who perished in world war i.
46 people perished .
out of the 55 students in room 209 , eight escaped with injuries , and two perished ; beverly burda , the last student remaining in the room , died when the roof collapsed .
that group of aché captives all perished from disease within a few months .
only three of 152 in the troop compartment perished .
much livestock perished .
in argentina , the remaining indigenous peoples perished .
despite the previous success with wolfsbane , which cured her of her unnatural love for alex , multiple man perished .
despite repeated radio calls for help , along with activation of audible location alarms , six firefighters , who have since become known as the worcester 6 , perished in the blaze .
hitler held many of wagner 's original scores in his berlin bunker during world war ii , despite the pleadings of wieland wagner to have these important documents put in his care ; the scores perished with hitler in the final days of the war .
a plague swept through the land and she hid in her tower , while her husband and everyone below her perished .
a two pillared portico , visible in the 19th - century photographs , has since perished .
many of the rebels were killed by strafing attacks by mi-24 helicopters in the ensuing pursuit ; three or four hostages also perished .
the central fact of the geste of guillaume is the battle of the archamp or aliscans , in which perished guillaume 's heroic nephew , vezian or vivien , a second roland .
than be a king over all the perished dead . "
documents state that he fought to the end never laying down his weapon and perished near the village of shybriay .
an act of conversion brought about , in fact , within a previously peaceful coexisting community by means of the expulsion of the ruling jewish elite into the bleak hinterlands , the burning of synagogues , and the gradual reinstatement of certain jewish families after the coerced acceptance of christianity and its supremacy and rule in order to allow survival for those who had not already perished .
moreover a number of forts built by the ikkeri nayakas have failed to stand the test of time and perished .
the sultan of bayang perished but captain vicar also died .
an estimated 24,000 laotians perished as did some 7000 siamese .
he stayed with ferro at the dropship and was either killed by an alien that snuck on board or perished in the dropship 's crash .
however , this ended in tragedy , when over 3,000 rather unprepared soldiers perished in the harsh weather conditions in the mountains northwest of røros .
the chapel of the ascension was severely damaged during the second world war and shields’ mosaics and paintings perished .
as the new wave perished in the beginning of the 1980s , some of the bands split or took different musical directions .
when he arrived at an area hospital , a nurse placed a cover over douglass ' face -- beliving he had perished -- which he pulled off , to which douglass says the nurse winced when that happened .
one of wessely 's ancestors , joseph reis , fled from podolia in 1648 on account of the chmielnicki persecutions , during which his whole family had perished .
thus perished raja ram jat .
all 9 crew perished in the wreck .
he perished in this heroic attempt to save the ship .
although not outright stated within the game itself , evidence suggests that caina had fallen in love with vinsfeld , something that tormented him when vinsfeld perished , eventually driving him to exact an equal torment on ashley winchester .
in an attempt to demonstrate her faith in rasputin , she encased herself in a mystical iron maiden and immediately perished .
they were force - marched to the rebel prison at camp ford in tyler texas where dozens of them perished from disease and malnutrition over the next 12 months .
hundreds perished on the return journey .
four perished statewide .
the letter asserted that giuliani rushed to conclude the recovery effort once gold and silver had been recovered from world trade center vaults and thereby prevented the remains of many victims from being recovered : " mayor giuliani 's actions meant that fire fighters and citizens who perished would either remain buried at ground zero forever , with no closure for families , or be removed like garbage and deposited at the fresh kills landfill , " it said , adding : " hundreds remained entombed in ground zero when giuliani gave up on them . "
during the soviet occupation , due to stalinist persecusion , large numbers ( over half a million ) of romanians in bessarabia and bukovina were displaced or perished in executions , the gulag , and famine , while during the entire soviet period a large number of russophones where invited to cement soviet hold on the territories .
her husband and her relatives were perished in the bombing .
ayton was eight years old at the time bothwell perished in a dungeon in denmark , and hence must have heard about the attempted arrest of elliot by people familiar with the story , particularly as bothwell was a figure of national renown .
bessie was one of only four first - class women ( including ida straus ) who perished , while loraine was the only child of first and second class to die in the disaster .
a number of people who were directly and indirectly involved also perished or injured during the hangman 's crime wave of nearly nine months .
the spider - amoeba suffocated carrion , smothering him to death , and then unable to escape it perished in the fire .
hall , unable to descend from the higher elevations , perished the following day .
after lithuania regained independence , in 1993 the stadium was named after the lithuanian pilots steponas darius and stasys girėnas , who perished in a crash near the end of an attempted non - stop flight from new york to lithuania .
