the consequences of these three movements deeply modified quebec society and resulted in a myriad of perspectives by intellectuals and artists in their colonized society .
" music education : historical contexts and perspectives . "
in order to adapt to the marvel comics style of superhero adventure , buscema " synthesized the essence of [ jack ] kirby 's supercharged action figures , harrowing perspectives , monolithic structures , mega - force explosions , and mythological planetscapes into a formula that he instantly integrated into his own superbly crafted vision .
aristophanes ' fable is only one of many perspectives on love in the " symposium " , and should not be considered identical with plato 's own ideas .
it promised the more established country a forum in which to exercise its influence and offered access to new perspectives on international developments .
international perspectives .
library collections should offer a variety of perspectives ( whether they are pro or anti - communism ) and allow patrons to decide what they thought about it .
and has published his perspectives on his father 's activities
according to " perspectives on world history and current events " ( pwhce ) , a not - for - profit project based in melbourne , australia , " zarqawi was well positioned to lead the islamic wing of the insurgency when the march 2003 invasion took place .
applegate cycles through the six protagonists , telling their story of the secret war through each of their perspectives .
in the case of the usa , the " analytical perspectives " document ( an annex to the yearly budget ) provides useful wealth and capital estimates applying to the whole country .
australian prime minister john curtin 's unprecedented action ( february 1942 ) in successfully countermanding an order from british prime minister winston churchill that australian troops be diverted to defend british - held burma ( the 7th division was then en route from the middle east to australia to defend against an expected japanese invasion ) demonstrated that dominion governments might no longer subordinate their own national interests to british strategic perspectives .
he studied georgian folk and church architecture , and produced an album of aquarelles " old architecture of georgia , " as well as a comprehensive analysis of traditional georgian ornate art and a textbook on linear perspectives and theory of shadows .
dynamic intelligence means being able to think flexibly , take different perspectives , cope with change , process information simultaneously ( e.g. listen and look at the same time ) , take into account different factors when making a decision .
webcke was also hired by channel seven to provide perspectives on brisbane broncos and gold coast titans feature matches .
all three perspectives need to be considered in describing a passive margin .
" yazhou zhoukan " reports the chinese perspectives of all aspects of international issues , including political , economic and cultural fields .
in the idea warehouse , durbin , who plays the mandolin and the melodica on the show , wears " wobble goggles , " which allow him to see things from a variety of perspectives .
data - flow diagrams ( dfds ) are one of the three essential perspectives of the structured - systems analysis and design method ssadm .
respected for her use daring perspectives and cropping , use of natural light and geometries , she also discovered a type of solarisation for negatives independently of a similar process developed by the artist man ray .
" local government in a global world – australia and canada in comparative perspectives " equal guest editor ( with john martin , latrobe university , australia ) .
sardar says : " to keep the future open to all potentials , alternatives and dissenting possibilities , sardar believes that it is necessary to envisage alternative futures from different civilisational and cultural perspectives . " .
the concentration embraces an interdisciplinary approach to examining cultural diversity , social problems , and human behavior , incorporating perspectives from sociology , economics , psychology , anthropology , linguistics , and political science .
in a 1955 review in " commentary " , bertram wolfe accused carr of systemically taking on lenin ’s point of view in " history of soviet russia " volumes and of being unwilling to consider other perspectives on russian history .
he has written and edited six books on housing and the elderly , including " linking housing and services for older adults : obstacles , options , and opportunities " ; " housing the aged : design directives and policy considerations " ; and " housing frail elders : international policies , perspectives and prospects " .
dianic wicca is a religion that welcomes lesbian pagans and celebrates their perspectives on feminism , sexism , and women 's empowerment within patriarchal culture .
islamic perspectives .
there are many perspectives from which sport can be referred to .
conventional religious perspectives towards mystics varies between and within faiths .
biblical perspectives .
this book provides an overview of organisational capital as a concept , as well as different perspectives - it , marketing , business and societal modelling- for managing organisatinal capital as an intangible asset .
it also managed the difficult job of pulling together campaigners and politicians with very different perspectives who previously fought each other tooth and nail .
issues and perspectives in application .
at the world conference on science in budapest in 1999 , the international forum of young scientists identified a need to promote the involvement of younger generation of scientists in the dialogue between government authorities , parliaments , educational institutions and to develop national science policies taking into consideration needs , opportunities and perspectives of young researchers .
" global issues and adult education : perspectives from latin america , southern africa and the united states " .
the shape unfolds to reveal new perspectives as the visitor travels the weyerhaeuser company foundation walkway around the space to visit each of the five galleries .
he has also published in numerous journals including " college music symposium " , " interface " , " journal of music theory , " " musical quarterly " , " perspectives of new music " , and " sonus " .
in his featured appearances on over seventy television and radio programs ( including cbs , cnn , nbc , cnbc , pbs , npr , fox , a&e , nat gio , kabc , and e ! ) , levy , a specialist in celebrity psychology , has provided psychological perspectives on current events , and he has examined issues and trends in the mental health field .
republic of macedonia’ , conference on economic challenges and perspectives for the r.
her research was extended to india and australia and expanded to take in values , daily activities , and future time - perspectives in adolescents .
in the previous two years , the international faction ( first as a tendency ) , had struggled against the perspectives and orientation of the league .
further , expanded programs with countries such as chile , england , switzerland and australia , global student and faculty perspectives are a mainstay in the cityu classroom .
he further published , together with lebanese academic and activist gilbert achcar , a book titled " the 33-day war : israel 's war on hezbollah in lebanon and its consequences " ( paradigm publishers , 2007 ) , in which the war is covered with a focus on both israeli and lebanese perspectives .
in all of our programs and activities , we seek to include and discuss many perspectives .
the causes of menopause can be considered from complementary proximate ( mechanistic ) and ultimate ( adaptive evolutionary ) perspectives .
justin chang of " variety " wondered , " can an implausible setpiece offer up fresh thrills and insights if replayed ad infinitum from different perspectives ?
the making of an economist redux , ” journal of economic perspectives .
" “ perspectives on civic society : the prospect " ; dmi rapport , no 2
while kook never re - entered politics , he continued to give interviews for many years , in which he continued to articulate his independent perspectives on zionism , jewish identity , and israeli politics .
perhaps the most common complaint regarding interdisciplinary programs , by supporters and detractors alike , is the lack of synthesis — that is , students are provided with multiple disciplinary perspectives , but are not given effective guidance in resolving the conflicts and achieving a coherent view of the subject .
from constitutional laws and administration perspectives , panglima laôt sits beyond the official structures ; however , he maintains coordination with local authorities ( governor , district head / mayor or sub district head ) .
like q news in the uk , islamica aims to provide a source for alternative perspectives and ideas , events and issues shaping our world .
" psychological perspectives " ( 2005 , vol .
varying perspectives on electronics recycling .
today , individual users are increasingly becoming creators : they can share their perspectives with one another via blogs ; inexpensively remix traditional media into individual visions ; and collaborate with one another via wikis .
feeling that he 'd reached the end of his style 's potential , he shifted in 1967 to black and white images that dealt with challenging perspectives and " spatial conundrums . "
beginning with the famous section about longstreet 's spy harrison gathering information about the movements and positions of the federals , each day is told primarily from the perspectives of commanders of the two armies , including robert e. lee and james longstreet for the confederacy , and joshua lawrence chamberlain and john buford for the union .
in : p. arthur ( ed . ) , justice : the restorative vision . new perspectives on crime and justice ( issue # 7 ) .
true to their diverse southwest roots , the band combines indigenous perspectives with energetic combinations of funk , rock , heavy metal , reggae , ska , latin music , and jazz influences .
gordon was co - author , together with ruchama marton , of " torture : human rights , medical ethics and the case of israel " and editor of " from the margins of globalization : critical perspectives on human rights " .
a strange homeless man ( eulalio gonzalez ) comes into the lives a rich family to change their perspectives in life .
multimodal therapy embraces " technical eclecticism " , or the idea that treatment can and should consist of techniques from many different theoretical perspectives , without the clinician necessarily adopting the theoretical basis for those techniques .
in the introduction of the recently published book " a linguist 's linguist : studies in south slavic linguistics in honor of e. wayles browne " that " brings together a leading cohort of specialists in south slavic linguistics to celebrate wayles browne 's body of works in this area , " the editors steven franks , vrinda chidambaram , and brian joseph described wayles browne 's as " a unique and almost irreplaceable intellectual resource for specialists in slavic linguistics , working on a myriad of topics in a variety of languages and from a range of theoretical perspectives .
tom plate , internationally syndicated columnist , author , university professor and founder of the asia pacific media network at ucla and the pacific perspectives media center in beverly hills , california , has described the asia policy board of editorial advisers as a " virtual who 's who in the field of asian policy scholarship . "
the two narratives are often published as a single volume from which profit can be had comparing the two perspectives of the same events , although they are very different in approach , with johnson focused on scotland and boswell focused on johnson ( boswell went on to write a famous biography of johnson ) .
olds wrote two books and published several articles in interdisciplinary journals like soundings , listening , contemporary philosophy , perspectives in biology and medicine , and issues in integrative studies .
there are other perspectives , that see urbicide as part of broader imperialist goals , for example in the elimination of cities by democratic kampuchea .
in addition to being editor of " current perspectives in social theory " , he is also associate editor of " basic income studies " , " soundings .
including politicians such as hillary clinton , john mccain , former president of mexico ernesto zedillo whose role at the institute will be to provides expertise to the “ global perspectives ”
carraro , u. commission of the european communities , isbn 90 - 365 - 0483-x , pp 29–34 ; and in : basic and applied myology : perspectives for the 90 ’s , eds .
transformations — changes , perspectives , conversions , or mutations to knowledge .
rehding , alexander : hugo riemann and the birth of modern musical thought ( new perspectives in music history and criticism ) .
agile leadership is associated with mode four leaders ( modes of leadership ) who have the ability ( and agility ) to operate in any mode ( system of thinking ) and most importantly see from the perspectives of the other modes .
questions regarding why the universe behaves in such a way have been described by physicists and cosmologists as being extra - scientific , though speculations are made from a variety of perspectives that include extrapolation of scientific theories to untested regimes and philosophical or religious ideas .
he has published over a dozen articles in various academic journals , founded the academic peer - reviewed " journal of integral theory and practice " , co - authoried the first academic text book application of the integral model : " integral ecology : uniting multiple perspectives on nature " ( 2008 ) ; co - founded an academic conference devoted to the aqal model ; and founded the " integral research center " which supports graduate students in doing mixed - methods research using the integral model .
wilson and schwarzman of uc berkeley published their analysis in the august issue of " environmental health perspectives " ( ehp ) in an article entitled , toward a new u.s. chemicals policy : rebuilding the foundation to advance new science , green chemistry , and environmental health .
but by the 1980s , many of his perspectives were rediscovered by researchers working in robotics and the new field of connectionism — approaches now called " sub - symbolic " because they eschew early ai research 's emphasis on high level symbols .
another book , " christianity and homosexuality : some seventh - day adventist perspectives " , consisting of the papers presented at the 2006 workshop on homosexuality and six responses , was published by adventist forums in may 2008 .
the main aspect of the network is its which has regularly updated articles from a wide range of socialist perspectives on issues including ( but not limited to ) the possibilities of creating socialist unity .
the panel seeks to look at the independence club from four perspectives : the role of women , the role of its founder and most prominent member ( s� jae - p'il ) , the role of its newspaper ( the tongnip sinmun or independent ) , and the place of democratic thought in the movement .
three visionaries with unique perspectives and expertise .
sometimes the same event is shown twice , from different perspectives .
its scholars base their work on a variety of philosophical and religious perspectives .
they sculpt and animate the volume of the shapes ... they indulge in flights of fancy and invention which add new perspectives and graduated , blended tones ...
bhuvan will offer superior imagery of indian locations compared to other virtual globe software with spatial resolutions ranging from 10 m to 100 m. locations can be viewed from different perspectives and will allow for the measurement of distances .
perspectives .
the journal publishes reviews and perspectives that help to integrate the various disciplines , bridging fundamental research and its clinical , industrial and environmental applications to create a single information resource for all who share an interest in microbial life .
" art and entertainment . " " perspectives of new music " 24 , 1 ( fall - winter 1985 ) : 24 - 37 .
the pcst network seeks to promote new ideas , methods , intellectual and practical questions and perspectives .
beyond the mere transfer of facts , knowledge visualization aims to further transfer insights , experiences , attitudes , values , expectations , perspectives , opinions , and predictions by using various complementary visualizations .
the mid-20th century linguistic turn turn led to a rise in highly abstract sociology in general , as well as so - called " postmodern " perspectives on the social acquisition of knowledge .
besides rebuilding everything that had happened during the time in which velasco was paraguay ’s governor , with the nucleus that pursued the emancipation , in it , the principal conclusion that we can get is that the paraguayan politics has been hold on to the process of development of the neighbor countries , that ’s why the incident of the exterior relations in national politics has been bigger than what usually people think and not only in the politic perspectives that guilt the other countries or the english imperialism of the warlike disasters .
peace and war : cross - cultural perspectives " .
considerable screen time is devoted to conversations and monologues that reveal the characters ' senses of humor and perspectives on life .
the narrative of connections across a human planet follows the depicts different perspectives of cradle to grave ; childhood , education / school , adolescence , work , home , ritual , religion , celebration , sport , art , conflict , aging , sickness , death , mourning and remembrance .
podcast for teachers ( pft ) has been able to blend together essential elements of : a focus on professional development for educators as adult learners ( king , 2003 ) ; ongoing development of many web - based resources of the pft community ; astute educational insight ; updates and commentary by ed tech experts ; experienced pedagogical and ed tech innovative perspectives of the co - hosts ; and commitment to social justice ( freire , 1973 ) and equity in education ( ntia , 1999 ) .
this will ensure the sustainability of these institutions , proactively resolve the competing resource - use conflicts , and bring women 's perspectives to the top of the priority list .
the film is structured as a series of vignettes told from the perspectives of the different women .
today , groups such as the and the continue to be actively involved in keeping the west end liveable , albeit from different political perspectives .
in the 1990s , nissanka wijeyeratne was appointed as sri lankan ambassador to the soviet union , where he served as the head of the sri lanka diplomatic mission for a period of 3 years . wijeyeratne‘s global perspectives lay not only in russia but also from his associates in unesco ( of which he was at one time an executive committee member ) .
reviewers , from a variety of critical perspectives , are unanimous in noting that steiner ’s premature death was a loss to scholarship given the erudite trenchancy of his analytical acumen .
in 1971 , chancellor was named sole anchor and brinkley became the program 's commentator , delivering three - minute perspectives several times a week under the title " david brinkley 's journal . " by 1976 , though , nbc decided to revive the dual - anchor format , and brinkley once again anchored the washington desk for the network , until october 1979 .
china perspectives .
such perspectives should be mutually respected as unique to each person or community .
a sense of bilocation may be apparent , with both ground and air - based perspectives being experienced simultaneously .
mcclellan stated that these talking points were not issued to provide the public with news , but were issued to provide fox news commentators with issues and perspectives favorable to the white house and republican party .
viewing deception success from deceiver and observer perspectives : effects of preinteractional and interactional factors .
the distance between perspectives on the origins of monotheism in ancient israel may be farther than it ever has been .
it includes 33 scenes from australian history , seen from both aboriginal and european perspectives .
in the play , azaña uses various characters to espouse the various ideological , political , and social perspectives present within the republic during the war , hence portraying and attempting to explain the rivalries and conflicts that were damaging the political cohesion of the republic .
the lsp is designed to give students a " broad educational experience " , and consists of essential skills , modes of inquiry , and interconnecting perspectives sections .
the poetry of this younger generation is often politically aware , transnational and cosmopolitan , yet frequently presents their intensely focused , self - questioning and highly individualised perspectives of singaporean life , society and culture .
modeling perspectives .
skeptical perspectives .
many hold that these perspectives are not necessarily mutually exclusive , but , for instance , many modernist scholars doubt the actual existence of fuxi , or think confucius had nothing to do with the book of changes , and contend that the hexagrams came before the trigrams .
a non - fundamentalist rejection of liberal christianity , associated primarily with karl barth , neo - orthodoxy sought to counter - act the tendency of liberal theology to make theological accommodations to modern scientific perspectives .
teaching artists are professional artists who integrate their art forms , perspectives , and skills into a wide range of educational settings .
over time in addition to the development of new techniques and introductions of other martial arts styles , as with many martial arts , choy li fut has developed into several lineages that may differ in training and style , and even differences in historic perspectives .
his articles and perspectives appear regularly in the " daily record " , the " star - ledger " and " dawn " .
in conjunction with profinet , the two perspectives profinet cba and profinet io exist .
john collier , jr. wrote the first standard textbook in the field in 1967 , and many visual anthropologists of the seventies relied on semioticians like roland barthes for essential critical perspectives .
the poem says " have it your way " , but it shows poetic possibilities that defy the banal perspectives .
it is an action adventure game featuring three different perspectives : side - scrolling , overhead , and first - person exploration .
native cultural perspectives have historically defined two - spirit people as individuals who were born in balance in the midst of a bipolar sexual world ( wilson , 1996 ) .
careful ethical standards now regulate research , and greater pluralism and multiculturalism perspectives have emerged .
pop kink represents a complex of mutually - interdependent perspectives and values that influence society and its institutions in various ways and can be seen nominally as the element of alternative sexuality that has the most ready influence on society at large , casting ideals and mores from kink into the body politic .
these range from genetic population studies ( see " y - chromosomal aaron " ) to controversial evolutionary perspectives including those espoused by kevin b. macdonald and yuri slezkine .
malouf 's narrative voice is at once scattered and singular , skipping between perspectives on the same events , and forcing the reader to pay close attention to each character 's rendering in order to arrive at the wholest truth possible .
solo exhibitions include " the wood way " at whitechapel gallery in london 2002 , " a short text on the possibility of creating an economy of equivalence " at palais de tokyo in paris 2005 and the retrospective project " three perspectives and a short scenario " at witte de with in rotterdam , kunsthalle zürich and museum of contemporary art , chicago 2008 - 2010 .
negotiation theory provides a useful framework for merging the perspectives of urban planning , city design , and real estate project proposals regarding production of the built environment .
is the holocaust unique ? : perspectives on comparative genocide is a 2000 book edited by alan s rosenbaum .
other perspectives .
2006 ) " new perspectives on native north america : cultures , histories , and representations . "
according to author frank r. ardolino , at the conclusion of hieronimo 's play of vengeance , there are two possible moral perspectives for the audience to take .
" collaboration in curriculum committees and the culture of the university : a clash of perspectives ? " in proceedings of the 15th annual conference of teaching and learning in higher education , 37 .
it is a two - year course taught to freshman and sophomores , who will be expected to find historical as well as geographic perspectives of the topic at hand .
vertical exaggeration ( ve ) is a scale that is used in raised - relief maps , plans and technical drawings ( cross section perspectives ) .
fantastic encounters and long hardships give him new perspectives and deep human insights .
dimarco 's oral histories include " tower stories : an oral history of 9/11 " , which chronicles the september 11 attacks in 2001 , from diversified perspectives on the destruction of the world trade center .
while the original " contra " had two different perspectives ( a side - view and a 3d view ) , " super contra " replaces the 3d stages with top - view stages similar to other overhead shooters at the time such as " commando " and " ikari warriors " .
perspectives in ethology . 2 : 1976 .
where interdisciplinary studies had often been content to merely ignore the traditional academic disciplines , and run roughshod over disciplinary boundaries , the london consortium prefers to describe its activities as " multidisciplinary " , reflecting the belief that while the best research will benefit from being approached from two or more disciplinary perspectives , it must also stand up to the most exacting standards of the disciplines .
mohler ( eds . ) : " trends and perspectives in empirical social research " . walter de gruyter , berlin and new york 1994 : 17 - 25 .
creative writers and artists claimed space for african - american perspectives .
there is debate within the party as to the reason for failure to grow out of the radicalism of the anti - war movement , some claiming it is the lack of left / right perspectives , some the low industrial struggle , others claim the unconditional but critical support for " insurgents " isolates them .
the novel alternates perspectives between h.g. wells and a character initially identified only as " stevenson . "
from 1983 to 1999 he was the producer at radio france for the contemporary music concert series < musique au présent > , < musiques en perspectives > and < musique du xxe siècle>.
the projected third and fourth volumes of " kant 's system of perspectives " are to be entitled " kant 's critical science " and " kant 's critical anthropology " ; published articles indicate the direction palmquist will take in these works .
the series , which was made over five years of planning and production , is composed of numerous film clips and interviews that present a complete history of the band from the beatles ' own personal perspectives .
each week in the studio , cassidy discusses current political issues with a panel of three commentators / journalists of varying political perspectives .
the tot has been studied using three different subdisciplines as approaches : psycholinguistics , memory perspectives , and metacognition .
features are contributed by writers from a variety of socialist , social democratic , green and religious perspectives .
it is for this reason that anglican doctrine is often said to tread a middle path , or " via media " between roman catholic and protestant perspectives .
" perspectives " ( 1964 } hn . " quintet 1964 " cl , bn , tp , db , org . " antifonia " ( 1965 ) 2tp,2 tb .
those contacted are requested to volunteer to receive written background briefing materials regarding a particular issue , that have been prepared by a panel of representatives of different stakeholder groups affected by that issue , and incorporating various views or perspectives .
the first three books tell essentially the same story but from different perspectives , a technique durrell described in his introductory note to " balthazar " as " relativistic " .
the term is most commonly associated with marxism , but as a reaction to functionalism and the scientific method may be associated with critical theory , feminist theory , queer theory , postmodern theory , post - structural theory , postcolonial theory , and a variety of other perspectives .
historical perspectives .
pope benedict was an ardent mariologist , devoted to marian veneration and open to new theological perspectives .
the definition of community management can be approached from two different perspectives .
he can use his knowledge of foreign languages in the camp and he can attempt to understand new perspectives .
while historians specializing in the history of the witch hunts have generally remained critical of this macroeconomic approach and continue to favor micro level perspectives and explanations , prominent historian of birth control john m. riddle has expressed agreement .
this treatise , called " the ogdoad and the ennead " , contains a very lively description of a hermetic initiation into gnosis , and has led to new perspectives on the nature of hermetism as a whole , particularly due to the research of jean - pierre mahé .
he has also written entries for the latest editions of " the new grove " , " die musik in geschichte und gegenwart " , " the new grove dictionary of opera " and has published articles in " perspectives of new music " , " indiana theory review " , and the " nuova rivista musicale italiana " .
the two approaches are complementary rather than competitive , but they do result in different perspectives and , sometimes , in conflicts of opinion about matters of substance .
the novel show the genre 's results of changing perspectives : individual points were presented by the individual characters , and the central voice of the author and moral evaluation disappeared ( at least in the first volume ; her further volumes introduced a narrator ) .
social stratification is interpreted in radically different ways according to the major theoretical perspectives of sociology .
kirke mechem , " an american opera network " , in " perspectives : creating and producing contemporary opera and musical theater " , opera america , 1983 , revised and reprinted in " encore " magazine , opera america , 1999 .
editing for animation , ” the second part of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences “ perspectives in editing ” series .
differing perspectives and misconceptions contributed to negative public opinion in the u.s. towards the what was perceived as the failure of the catholic hierarchy to respond adequately to allegations of sexual abuse and the seemingly sluggish response of the vatican to the unfolding scandal .
decades later , his writing and perspectives on entertainment are still missed .
" interdisciplinary perspectives on perception and understanding " , ed .
major objectives of the union covers the improvement in economic conditions of teachers , an avenue for bringing forth ideas about the educational development of the country from the perspectives of teachers and general economic security for teachers in the country .
" human sexuality " ( now in its third edition ) was described in one review as " an exceptional book that addresses nearly every aspect of sexuality from multiple theoretical , historical , and cultural perspectives . "
thus , figures appeared in new perspectives , such as frontal or rear views , there were experiments with perspective foreshortening , and more dynamic compositions .
team members open up to each other and confront each other 's ideas and perspectives .
unfortunately the construction of the vatican library in the late sixteenth century across the centre of the " cortile " means that bramante 's design is now obscured but his ideas of proportion , symmetry and dramatic perspectives were used in many of the great gardens of the italian renaissance .
apple has been criticized from both user and developer perspectives over disabling google voice from their online store for iphone , pressuring journalists to reveal their sources regarding future apple products , restrictive and long wait in approving or disapproving third party iphone software , disabling itunes syncing with third - party devices like palm pre , and the iphone 's us exclusivity with at&t , along with questions and concerns about other app rejections and the general approval process for the iphone 's app store .
the mythological stories and folklore of china reflect ancient chinese perspectives toward homosexuality , rather than modern views .
information for social change can be described as a radical organisation , insofar as one of the group 's aims is to debate and where necessary challenge dominant paradigms or perspectives in the library and information sector .
his imagery provides quotidian , intimate and autobiographic perspectives on the european zeitgeist between the second world war and the seventies in the realms of art , music ( particularly jazz ) , and cafe culture .
his professional publications include " london the art of georgian buildings " , " the national trust and irish georgian society guide to the georgian buildings of britain and ireland " and ‘ ’life in the georgian city’’. he edited the 20th edition of " sir banister fletcher ’s history of architecture " and " timeless architecture : a study of key buildings in architectural history " and is a contributing editor to " architects’ journal " , " the architectural review " and " perspectives on architecture " .
religious perspectives .
the aim of the site is to present views from a range of people and perspectives in the liberal democrats .
as motorcycles have evolved , perspectives on the gsxr1100 have changed .
" critical questions , critical perspectives : language and the second language educator . " greenwich , ct : information age publishers .
donald baur , in " the endangered species act : law , policy , and perspectives " , concluded , " ... the exemption provision is basically a nonfactor in the administration of the esa .
" psychoanalytic theories : perspectives from developmental psychopathology " ( with m. target - published 2003 by whurr publications ) ,
cross - cultural solutions ' mission is to operate volunteer programs around the world in partnership with sustainable community initiatives , bringing people together to work side - by - side while sharing perspectives and fostering cultural understanding .
other perspectives .
christian perspectives .
both phrases are mentioned in donald norman 's 1986 book " user centered system design : new perspectives on human - computer interaction . "
he is co - author of the textbook " evidence : cases and materials " ( 11th ed . foundation press 2009 ) , and numerous publications on evidence , including : " a subject matter approach to hearsay reform , " 86 " mich. l. rev. " 51 ( 1987 ) , " character at the crossroads , " 49 " hastings l.j. " 717 ( 1998 ) , and " grand perspectives on evidence law " ( va. l. j. 2001 ) .
the difference / deferral can be between one text and itself , or between two texts ; this is the crucial distinction between traditional perspectives and deconstruction .
according to individual perspectivalism , perspectives are the points of view of particular individual persons .
new perspectives attribute equal weight to the north and south nodes , seeing them as points of balance rather than positive or negative associations .
the series has been studied and analysed by various writers , leading to the publication of several literary guides and essays which have investigated " charmed " from a variety of perspectives , ranging from psychological and philosophical ( in terms of morality , the supernatural and mythology ) , to the social implications of the series , including feminism , sexuality , the show 's casting , and its affect on viewers .
research on men 's and women 's perspectives on computing study .
the independent research project and the global perspectives portfolio are each worth exactly half of a principal subject ; thus , their aggregate forms the equivalent of another principal subject .
in 2007 , he announced a doctrinal investigation on american theologian peter c. phan , who has written about asian perspectives on interreligious dialogue .
therefore its competitive set in the larger media and information landscape consists of organizations focused on creating , partnering and providing global news and cultural perspectives content .
pope benedict xv ( 1914 - 1922 ) was an ardent mariologist , devoted to marian veneration and open new theological perspectives .
his work reflects scholastic perspectives .
the national science board 's " patterns and perspectives in environmental science " report of 1972 discussed the cyclical behavior of climate , and the understanding at the time that the planet was entering a phase of cooling after a warm period . "
they are very curious , benvolent beings that want to connect with earth and exchange perspectives on our shared history .
similarly , in 2005 , the very reverend father tamerlane r. lana , op , rector magnificus of the university of santo tomas ( 1611 ) , españa , manila , philippines , wrote of professor lapuz the following : " this collection of essays and comments on political issues ( " perspectives in politics : public and foreign " , ust publishing house , 2005 ) written by comm .
antithetic parallelism is a form of parallelism where the meaning of two or more excerpts of text are obverse , although directly linked by providing the same meaning from differing perspectives .
the draft indian nuclear doctrine : perspectives of regional & global nuclear powers ” may - august 2001;in
reminiscent of akira kurosawa 's rashomon , it explores the human complexities and moral murkiness of war through multiple perspectives and flashbacks surrounding the unintended murder of an alleged serb smuggler by three croatian soldiers returning from the front in karlovac .
paired with flexible text , and graphical retrieval and search methods , a pdes provides the mechanism to view and assess the accumulated data , information and knowledge from different perspectives .
unlv president emerita carol harter leads the institute , which provides an environment where thinkers and writers from all segments of global society can fight against entrenched perspectives , whatever their political or cultural source .
the early years of the national aeronautics and space council , organizing for the use of space : historical perspectives on a persistent issue , roger d. launius , ed . , american astronautical society history series , volume 18 , 1995 .
the notes and the study material feature in - depth academic research from non - denominational perspectives , with contributors from mainline protestant , roman catholic , and jewish traditions .
from 1989 to 1995 , feinstein was co - host of " green perspectives " , on pacific radio station kpfk , los angeles .
born has developed an interdisciplinary approach - using anthropology , sociology , musicology and the arts - to theorising cultural and media production that builds on and extends the work of pierre bourdieu , one that integrates aesthetics and history with social scientific perspectives .
she tracked the perspectives of environmentalists , scientists at cornell , utility spokesmen , electric power industry executives , new york state department of health officials and ithaca residents .
thom powers of " harvardwood " writes that rafferty is " renowned for his wit and fresh perspectives on american culture " .
alternative perspectives .
moore tells the story from a number of perspectives , using a range of disparate characters .
it endeavored to serve the trans community by welcoming diverse guests and providing a supportive environment in which under - represented perspectives can be presented openly and honestly .
" upstream " engagement , by contrast , occurs much earlier in the innovation cycle and involves : " dialogue and debate about future technology options and pathways , bringing the often expert - led approaches to horizon scanning , technology foresight and scenario planning to involve a wider range of perspectives and inputs . "
stylistically , " halloween ii " reproduces certain key elements that made the original " halloween " a success such as first - person camera perspectives and unexceptional settings .
marxian perspectives .
during the german syphilis epidemic of 1496 he published a poem approaching the disease from both medical and astrological perspectives .
perspectives of new music .
it was said it had " choppy animation , illogical perspectives , uninspired art , badly choreographed fight scenes , and most of all horrible voice acting " , and none of the interest of the video game or its sequels translate into the anime .
the flashbacks are often told from various narrative perspectives place different emphasis on the events of this period .
it is important to note that formula_6is not necessarily just the sum total of two perspectives , but rather a new and unique truth that is only achieved through sharing .
brother anthony , " korean perspectives on poetry , " http://www.sogang.ac.kr/~anthony/outline.htm .
different perspectives exist as to how strong a role the government should have in both guiding the market economy and addressing the inequalities the market produces .
2007 - perspectives on psychological science article .
perspectives on the relationship between religion and science .
according to its website machon yaakov aims to connect its students to classical jewish texts and perspectives and to give its students independence and inspiration towards a lifetime of jewish growth .
some practicing christians , evangelical and otherwise , along with nonchristians have shown concern that the social perspectives promoted in the " left behind " series unduly sensationalize the death and destruction of masses of people .
the creative power comes from the rich diversity of group members ' own experience , personalities , perspectives , strengths , and talents .
the consensus emerged that a society for social neuroscience should be established to give scientists from diverse disciplines and perspectives the opportunity to meet , communicate with , and benefit from the work of each other .
he added , " stembridge plays with shifting perspectives in a fresh manner that defies expectations of the romantic genre ...
there are two standpoints , or perspectives , on the self , which are one ’s own individual viewpoint of themselves and the viewpoint of themselves from a significant other .
explaining mental disorders with a combination of theoretical perspectives is known as multiple causality .
the janesville academy for international studies , a charter high school that focuses on teaching global perspectives , and the guide language center , which offers over 10 foreign languages , are both located downtown .
the full pre - u diploma is graded on the aggregate of the three principal subjects , the independent research project , and the global perspectives portfolio .
perspectives range from the assertion that all abductions are hoaxes to the literal belief that the claims are happening objectively and separately from the consciousness of the claimants .
her discussion weighs many different perspectives on multiculturalism provided by an array of modern writers on the subject .
the modifying environment and other environmental perspectives in group care .
the manifesto stated that " the changing perspectives of flight constitute an absolutely new reality that has nothing in common with the reality traditionally constituted by a terrestrial perspective " and that " painting from this new reality requires a profound contempt for detail and a need to synthesise and transfigure everything . ”
all four pursuits – psychoanalysis , behaviorism , philosophical hermeneutics and marxism – offer complementary , rather than contradictory , perspectives .
for example , the alliance for workers ' liberty group have attacked the swp 's politics as " second campist " - i.e , too uncritically supporting all groups opposed to the united states government , without offering independent working - class perspectives .
furthermore , the educator 's role in this process is significant as lee et al argue that " [ t]eacher awareness and understanding of students ' racial and cultural differences and their ability to incorporate multicultural perspectives into curricular content and instructional techniques may counter gifted minority students ' discomfort in being one of the few minority students in gifted programs . ”
here , a ‘ smart city’ is taken to be one that takes advantages of the opportunities icts offer to increase local prosperity and competitiveness - an approach which implies integrated urban development based on multi - actor , multi - sector , and multi - level perspectives
drawing some elements from the life of naipaul 's father , the work is primarily a sharply - drawn look at life that uses postcolonial perspectives to view a vanished colonial world .
leadership as spiritual formation : christian perspectives .
some members of the league of noble peers were involved in the organisation of the " the oil of the 21st century - perspectives on intellectual property " conference in berlin , germany in november 2007 , at which steal this film ( two ) premiered in a preliminary version .
his name of his two books are india in the antarctic : scientific and geopolitical perspectives , and advances - in - marine - and - antarctic - science .
for example , martha nussbaum in her discussion of desire and emotion includes seneca among the stoics who offered important insights and perspectives on emotions and their role in our lives .
some of the musical comments shared between spies and stravinsky were reflected in articles written by spies in several issues of perspectives of new music dealing with new works by stravinsky .
