in 1856 he authored a personal account of the epidemic : " the summer of the pestilence . "
... can only mean one of two things , ( a ) that a considerable part of the german population must be " liquidated " through diseases , malnutrition , and slow starvation for a period of years to come , with the resultant dangers to the rest of europe from pestilence and the spread of plagues that know no boundaries ; or ( b ) the continuation both of large occupying forces to hold down " unrest " and the affording of relief mainly drawn from the united states to prevent actual starvation .
for example , they portrayed the four horsemen of the apocalypse , symbolizing pestilence , war , famine , and death .
it is known as the cape doctor because it has long been held to clear cape town of pollution and ' pestilence ' .
they are enhanced or endowed with new abilities , and are always given the same titles based upon the biblical four horsemen ( death , famine , pestilence , and war ) .
he dwelt in florence throughout the memorable siege of 1529 , which was soon followed by an infectious pestilence .
the princess rushed up to the pulpit that night ; when she did not find him , she shrieked that war and pestilence would begin , but then she saw him and could not reach him .
in spite of natural disasters ( flood in 1497 , the fire of a suburb in 1474 and of the town in 1500 ) , thomas tarczay 's troops raids ( 1473 and 1474 ) , pestilence , which nearly depopulated the town , the 16th century was the most favourable for the development of krosno .
after that the population went into decline as the carrying capacity of the environment was reached and wars and pestilence took their toll on the people .
the character pestilence is a literary version of the real life francis crozier , who was second in command in franklin 's lost expedition to the northwest passage and later disappeared after taking command of the expedition from the deceased franklin .
the king had his choice of a pestilence , a long and bloody war , or putting her body in a wooden coffin and setting a sentinel over it every day for a year .
in the 20th century , apocalypse recruits plague , a member of the morlocks , during the mutant massacre to fill the role of pestilence .
still spiraling off " violent shit " ’s unexpected success , andreas created his homage to the undead with " zombie 90 - extreme pestilence " ( 1990 ) , the english version of which is regarded by some genre fans to have the most hilarious dubbing ever put to celluloid .
this dark edge , reflected in songs of murder , misery , alcoholism , pestilence and the occult , was a sharp left turn from the dead milkmen 's comedic lyrical motifs , although burn witch burn lyrics were not without their own sense of black humor ( notable in such songs as " treetop flotilla " , which includes an anecdote about an abusive , led zeppelin - listening " fake biker " . )
paetus died in 174 bc during a pestilence at rome , as recorded by livy in a fragmentary chapter .
during his time at rostock , the thirty years war almost emptied the university , and rist himself lay there for several weeks , suffering from pestilence .
the names often used instead of the actual names are war , death , pestilence , and disease .
that or some pestilence that wiped out most of the marauding army .
pestilence possessed her , still in the form of sasquatch , and later that night rose from snowbird 's grave and again attacked alpha flight .
during the last battle , iceman struck down pestilence , who was revealed to be polaris .
the town oran , which gets afflicted by pestilence and cut off from the outside world , is the equivalent of france .
in dramatic lore they are known as famine , pestilence , destruction and death .
the sicilian winter accorded no such aid to the greeks , but some form of pestilence managed to derail carthaginian war efforts numerous times after they had defeated greek generals , admirals , armies and navies .
however , towards the end of the 10th century the ravages of pestilence , combined with the greed of its patrons and the laxity of the community , brought it to ruin .
with its release , pestilence gained international attention , and became highly regarded worldwide by death metal fans .
philo ( " de vita moysis , " i. 48 ) speaks of him as " a man renowned above all men for his skill as a diviner and a prophet , who foretold to the various nations important events , abundance and rain , or droughts and famine , inundations or pestilence . "
however , zhongxing suffered from a massive earthquake , causing pestilence and food shortage .
other original scenario contributors were jim foley ( who wrote two scenarios , namely " castle in the clouds " and " white dragon " ) and sean sayrs ( who wrote three , including " prelude to pestilence " and " griloch 's revenge " ) .
erra is the god of mayhem and pestilence that is responsible for periods of political confusion .
a famous instance of these penitential litanies is the " lania septiformis " ordered by gregory the great in the year 590 , when rome had been inundated and pestilence had followe
medieval people called the catastrophe of the 14th century either the " great pestilence " ' or the " great plague " .
while samvarana , the son of riksha , was ruling , there happened a great loss of people from famine , pestilence , drought , and disease .
in his first appearance he is shown not getting along with the woman who would become pestilence , a nod to their disagreeable natures in the comics .
famine battles storm , while pestilence is easily defeated by jean grey .
he was worshiped as a god of wind , storm and pestilence , although it is unclear whether he had control over any of these .
an eight - armed spider - man was pestilence , blob was famine , and archangel was death .
the rules of the order dictate that its members must not live " among the human pestilence , " instead dwelling underground and visiting the surface only to feed or sire new vampires .
though tanin'iver is castrated ( echoing a fable about the yetzer ha - ra ) , he is still the catalyst for the coupling of lilith with samael , a union that brings pestilence into the world .
in 435 b.c. , a force of fidenates , with re - inforcements from veii , took advantage of a pestilence at rome .
200,000 civilians are estimated to have died as a result of a combination of war related famine , displacement , guerilla activity and pestilence over the duration of the war .
" lord of the bow " , the hittite god of plague and pestilence .
a pestilence which devastated ireland in 544 caused the dispersion of mobhi 's disciples , and columba returned to ulster , the land of his kindred ..
( ) they said that god had met with them , and asked pharaoh to let them go three days into the wilderness and sacrifice to god , lest god fall upon them with pestilence or the sword .
to him shall come fire , water and pestilence . "
pestilence appeared again in 1550 and 1580 .
the master has become the victim of this dread disease ; the clerks , a young man whose energies were devoted to the well - being of the union , has been added to the victims ; the matron , too , is dead ; and the respected , and esteemed physician has fallen before the ravages of pestilence , in his constant attendance on the diseased inmates .
when the messengers returned with kedus harbe 's answer , the country had experienced great famine and pestilence . "
peter wildoer is a swedish mathematics / drum - teacher ( at mega musik in helsingborg ) , and a drummer in the bands darkane and reformed pestilence .
still others apply the names " pestilence " or " plague " to this horseman , based on alternative translations of the bible ( such as the jerusalem bible ) .
and the haggadah in the " magid " section quotes to elucidate the term “ a mighty hand ” in interpreting the “ mighty hand ” to mean the plague of pestilence on the egyptian livestock .
calling himself pestilence , he battles alpha flight .
among the other legends of babylonia may be mentioned those of namtar , the plague - demon ; of erra , the pestilence ; of etanna and of anzu .
during the period 1992 - 1994 he collaborated with the dutch death metal band pestilence by recording the jazz / fusion - influenced album " spheres " and touring europe .
the carthaginians had not recovered from the ravages of pestilence which had decimated their army .
but unknown to them , war , pestilence , famine and censure awaited them and the frank 's chapel would not be materialized for another five years .
at the beginning of 1637 , the year of the great pestilence , there were four ministers in eilenburg .
the red pox of 1812 was the worst pestilence , wiping out three quarters of the population of the city .
oedipus , in his hubris , asserts that he will end the pestilence .
osiris is eaten by the humanoid alligator sobek , who is actually the horseman known as famine , while isis dies after kahndaq is blighted by acid rains sent by pestilence .
in 1832 , the pestilence cholera , which had been erupting all across europe had reached exeter .
decades of famine and pestilence raged through most of the southern europe .
the four horsemen of the apocalypse are traditionally named pestilence , war , famine , and death .
the goldfinger takes longer than other banana varieties to mature , but is more resistant to cold , wind and pestilence .
because of the austro - turkish war ( 1736 - 1739 ) and pestilence , number of inhabitants decreased and in 1740 the population of the settlement numbered 18 houses .
he asks kristin if the third victim was the horseman pestilence .
five years after the establishment of the ecclesiastical mission of bauan , a giant cross made of anubing , a local hardwood was found in a dingin ( a place of worship ) near the town of alitagtag that was said to have protected people of bauan from pestilence , locusts , droughts , volcanic eruptions , and moro raids .
by way of punishment , apollo visited the army with a pestilence , which only ceased after the institution of the carnea .
" mind reflections " is the fifth release from dutch death metal band pestilence . "
" el retrato de la peste " ( the portrait of the pestilence ) is a 2008 stop motion - animated short film written , directed and animated by lucila las heras .
in spite of some analogies ( for example , both novels were written many years after the end of the plague ) , the two writers used different techniques : defoe wrote a work full of details , but he used a detached tone , while manzoni was not only able to reconstruct the general atmosphere of the pestilence - stricken milan , but he also analysed the individual responses to the plague with a poetic sensitivity of his own .
after scone 's contest with the synod of perth , the synod of fife , which should have met at dysart on 28 april , was on the 23rd prorogued on pretence of the prevalence of the pestilence in the burgh .
hugh travelled to rome in 1188 , and obtained absolution , but he died of the pestilence in that city a few days later , thus allowing the issue to be resolved .
the remaining inmates were moved at the city 's expense to the city 's pestilence hospital ( ) at sortedam lake .
during the struggle between francis i and charles v great damage was caused by the passage of the armies invading provence ; pestilence and famine raged in the city for several years .
when in the great pestilence of 664 cuthbert was stricken down , boisil declared he would certainly recover .
she did , and pestilence was released to seek another host body to possess .
tiriel , ever madder and more enraged , curses his children yet more passionately , calling down thunder and pestilence and destroying them .
tiriel , ever madder and more enraged , curses his children yet more passionately , calling down thunder and pestilence and destroying them .
baltasar brought the legacy of santa rosalía de palermo to el hatillo , believing she protected him from the pestilence that killed his father in cádiz .
the first category of wang ye began as pestilence - spreading spirits , the vengeful ghosts of promising young scholars who met violent and untimely deaths .
after 1918 the people supporting churchianity will cease to be its supporters , be destroyed as adherents , by the spiritual pestilence of errors abroad , and by the famine of the word of god among them . "
the volsinienses , in conjunction with the salpinates , taking advantage of a famine and pestilence which had desolated rome , made incursions into the roman territory in 391 bc .
however , is met by a friend on the way in a town being plagued by the pestilence .
the first three appear only in " wielding a red sword " while pestilence also has a small cameo appearance in " being a green mother " .
because pestilence had never truly died , he was not a spirit and was not subject to her powers .
he wrote to wentworth : " blessed be god for it who hath preserved me now from shipwreck , hunger , scurvy and pestilence ... "
1992 „ pestilence and nirvana “ , amsterdam .
the pestilence of 1348 struck grosseto hard and by 1369 its population had been reduced to some hundred families .
patrick mameli ( born november 23 , 1966 ) is an dutch death metal singer and guitarist who is best known for his work with technical death metal band pestilence .
doing so by choosing ares as patron god provides enhancements for infantry units , the power of pestilence ( by which enemy buildings can not produce units for a period of time ) and the mythical cyclops units .
however at some point prior to 1847 a pestilence swept through the region and reduced the number down to a single specimen , which forced the canons into crossing it with other breeds .
the nearest encampment , devil ’s harwar , is said to be suffering heavy casualties from widespread pestilence , probably malaria and typhus .
with snowbird 's body under heavy attack , pestilence 's spirit fled in search of yet another body .
he confirmed in his sermon the true doctrine taught in king edward 's time , and exhorted the people to beware of the pestilence of popery , idolatry , and superstition .
this god , popularized as babalu in the united states by desi arnaz , is the afro - cuban spirit who has the power to heal , or spread pestilence .
probably commissioned by the city 's podestà to celebrate the end of the pestilence , it was finished before the artist left the city for mantua .
the aspects and times of three of the timekeepers ( raspu , rox , and qeteb ) come from three of the four things mentioned in verses 5 - 6 : " the terror of night ... the arrow that flies by day ... pestilence that walks in darkness ... the destruction that lays waste at noon . "
she has said of her childhood that " in my dreams i would sail out to all the undiscovered islands and inoculate the inhabitants in a whirlwind race to conquer disease and pestilence " .
pestilence fled the battle .
vic now appears as an elderly man rather than a skeletal figure , albeit with traits of the four horsemen mentioned in the album and shown inside the cd case — he is accompanied by an angel wearing white with blood - stained wings ( an allusion to the pestilence horseman ) , has long black hair and a black cloak resembling the black horse of famine , is wielding various firearms like the sword used by the war horseman , and has pale , veinous - looking skin like that of death , and is , of course , shown dealing death on a large scale .
three years later , the empire is still plagued by starvation , pestilence , and soldiers turning into bandits .
pestilence were broken up between 1994 and early 2008 .
allied with powerful railroad and city business interests , gage publicly denied that any pestilence outbreak in the city , fearing that any word of the bubonic plague 's presence would deeply damage the city and state 's economy .
" malleus maleficarum " is the debut album by the dutch death metal band pestilence .
before the state government could be moved to indianapolis from corydon , indiana , fifty dollars was spent to remove swampy pogue 's run of its mosquitoes that made it a " source of pestilence " .
by 1617 governor iberra could report that although half the christian indians had died of pestilence , some eight thousand were still alive .
in dramatic lore they are known as famine , pestilence , destruction and death .
in 1709 fever claimed the life of his mother , anna magdalena , after the land and people were ravaged by french invasions related to religious wars , pestilence , and an unusually cold and long winter .
biological weapons targeted at particular ethnic groups date back to at least roman times , when the the roman cassius dio wrote of efforts to use a " man - made pestilence " of smallpox and bubonic plague to target previously unexposed enemy soldiers .
in the article she recalls a story told to her by an older person who spoke of a curse of pestilence that had been cast upon his village by the tiddy mun , who was angered at the draining of the fens by the dutch , led by cornelius vermuyden , in the seventeenth century .
mameli has been a member of pestilence since their formation in 1986 .
the first horseman to appear is pestilence , who rides upon a white horse .
an estimated 400,000 people ( about a quarter of the population ) died from the ensuing pestilence and disease .
the " cure " process transformed the four mutants : autumn rolfson ( famine ) , plague ( pestilence ) , abraham kieros ( war ) and angel ( death ) into altered mutants under the control of apocalypse .
among other perishing traditions is that relating to the ani'kuta'ni or ani'kwata'ni , concerning whom the modern cherokee know so little that their very identity is now a matter of dispute , a few holding that they were an ancient people who preceded the cherokee and built the mounds , while others , with more authority , claim that they were a clan or society in the tribe and were destroyed long ago by pestilence or other calamity . "
he bound the spirits of all the great beasts save snowbird - as - sasquatch , using her to attack pestilence directly .
in 1318 a pestilence of unknown origin , sometimes identified as anthrax , targeted the animals of europe , notably sheep and cattle , further reducing the food supply and income of the peasantry .
in 1995 , the three began distributing hand - made cd copies of " fate " , " pestilence , " and " neuralblastoma " for resale in local music shops .
this let to the signing with osmose production who released the fourth album " pestilence empire " in december 2002 .
it was feared that civilian population had to be controlled to prevent pestilence .
after 1918 the people supporting churchianity will cease to be its supporters , be destroyed as adherents , by the spiritual pestilence of errors abroad , and by the famine of the word of god among them . "
the children of power pack become involved in the chaos of apocalypse 's attack on the city and come into conflict with the horseman pestilence .
during the european tour with pestilence , tony teegarden was brought in as a full member of the band , playing keyboards and singing the " death growls " .
at the moment , mr. camp probably had no idea that he was sowing the seed of a fearful pestilence . ”
joscelin died soon after the preliminaries of the peace had been agreed on , worn out by his exertions , or killed by a pestilence which raged in the city .
the haggadah quotes to elucidate the term “ a mighty hand ” in interpreting the “ mighty hand ” to mean the plague of pestilence on the egyptian livestock .
pestilence .
at some time between 1195 and 1361 the parish was largely depopulated by pestilence , so that many of the villein tenements , which had hitherto accounted for almost the whole population , came into the hands of freemen .
wars , pestilence , economic despair , natural disasters and more are all part of what latter - day saints see as signs of the times .
shortly afterwards pestilence broke out , and when he retired to winter quarters in ulster his forces were more shattered than if they had sustained a severe defeat .
shortly thereafter the king , already troubled by tales of drought and pestilence in the land , receives news both of the strange omen at sea and of the disappearance of his son , prince arren .
for these reasons , mcconnell concluded that " british efforts to use pestilence as a weapon may not have been either necessary or particularly effective . "
the second game , " rob blanc ii : planet of the pasteurised pestilence " , features rob returning to earth while the high ones construct his ship .
she argues , for example , that the damage done to hamburg and france by mercenaries and an increasingly commercial culture is far greater than the damage caused by the violence of the french revolution , writing that “ the sword has been merciful , compared with the depredations made on human life by contractors , and by the swarm of locusts who have battened on the pestilence they spread abroad ” .
in october 2009 , jeroen paul thesseling re - joined pestilence after fifteen years of separation from the band , replacing tony choy 's bass position .
people moved from old - masouleh to the current village because of pestilence and neighbor attacks .
for livy the most memorable event in bruttium in 205 bc was a pestilence that
love on ice , mordred , my sister 's machine , paradise lost , pestilence , prong , rollins band , skyclad , the o
it exemplifies the artist 's obsession with nightmares of war , pestilence and death .
this new team featured the cybernetic mutant ahab as famine , the shi'ar deathbird as war , and again , the morlock , caliban , this time as pestilence .
for thirty year he was spiritual director or teaching in various communities , from montepulciano in rome , and later in siena , where he was also involved in nursing and relief during the pestilence of 1374 .
their destination is a so - called " plague star , " known to inflict disease and pestilence on every third generation of a small , remote world .
after various changes of fortune , the carthaginians managed to besiege syracuse itself , but were eventually pushed back by a pestilence .
in 1248 , vlotho gained the official status of a city , but lost it again due to both pestilence and war .
he , after pestilence of 1630 began the construction of church of santa maria della salute , using a central plan .
civil war and pestilence were devastating the country , and its northern provinces had been wrested from it by urartu .
farm living is dependent on unpredictable environmental conditions , and in times of drought , flood or pestilence , survival becomes extremely problematic .
later while battling the shield , it speaks , hexagram 18 which is ' 蠱 ' ( correction ) , hexagram 39 which is ' 蹇 ' ( obstruction ) , hexagram 25 which is ' 無妄 ' ( pestilence ) , and finally , hexagram 1 , which is ' 乾 ' ( force ) .
after suffering pestilence and famine , most of the surviving numantines committed suicide rather than surrender to rome .
talisman plans to allow pestilence to defeat alpha flight and then step in to defeat him , humiliating her father .
according to the article about gros in the " encyclopædia britannica " , eleventh edition , 1911 , these three subjects – the popular leader facing the pestilence unmoved , challenging the splendid instant of victory , heart - sick with the bitter cost of a hard - won field – gave gros his chief title to fame .
dan speaks out against the sheriff , because he knows it is poison and not the pestilence , and he does it on behalf of will telling him to stand up for himself .
in literature since carroll 's time , vorpal swords appear in roger zelazny 's chronicles of amber series , charles stross 's " glasshouse " , graham masterton 's " mirror " ( where the word is explained as an acronym for victory over ruin , pestilence and lust ) , bill willingham 's vertigo comic book series " fables " , john ringo 's voyage of the space bubble series , michael buckley 's " the sisters grimm " series ( book 3 to be specific ) and other books .
as it turned out , save from some brief seasonal interruptions , ifriqiya was indeed gripped by pestilence for the next seven years .
in 1318 a pestilence of unknown origin , sometimes identified as anthrax , targeted the animals of europe , notably sheep and cattle , further reducing the food supply and income of the peasantry .
the soldiers looted the town as they retreated to warrington , and afterwards it experienced pestilence .
pestilence had extensive knowledge of chemistry beyond what was commonly known in the 19th century .
times of pestilence have interrupted human affairs and brought great suffering which , in historic times , has often been described and reported in detail .
" pestilence " is the second album by electronic music artist , velvet acid christ .
friday : mötley crüe , soulfly , dragonforce , heaven & hell , papa roach , static - x , buckcherry , dream theater , down , blind guardian , w.a.s.p. , exodus , pestilence , lääz rockit , the gathering , samael , jon oliva 's pain , firewind , taake .
instances of idol worship were often the result of a " shed " inhabiting an otherwise worthless statue ; the shed would pretend to be a god with the power to send pestilence , although such events were not actually under his control .
her own sex shrink from her as they would the pestilence .
chokkantha did little to repel him , the country was moreover visited with famine and pestilence , and in despair the ministers of the state deposed their incompetent ruler in favour of his brother .
and shephatiah the son of mattan , and gedaliah the son of pashhur , and jucal the son of shelemiah , and pashhur the son of malchiah , heard the words that jeremiah spoke unto all the people , saying : " thus saith hashem : he that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence ; but he that goeth forth to the chaldeans shall live , and his life shall be unto him for a prey , and he shall live .
europe was badly hit by the pestilence , as a result of trading with countries with the plague ; it soon grew to epidemic proportions , and would kill swiftly , and without discrimination as to gender , age or class .
however , the lisowczycy proved to be a pestilence wherever they went , and soon most of its members formed bandit groups , pillaging the polish and german countryside and burning down the town of radomsko .
some of the spells are protective , intended against such problems as trouble with childbearing , headache and insomnia , previous incantations , pestilence , suffering and distress at sea .
he died the following year , " of pestilence " according the " annals of the four masters " , on islay .
in severe cases of religious pestilence , there was a need for a holy war .
" so that notable deeds should not perish with time , and be lost from the memory of future generations , i , seeing these many ills , and that the whole world encompassed by evil , waiting among the dead for death to come , have committed to writing what i have truly heard and examined ; and so that the writing does not perish with the writer , or the work fail with the workman , i leave parchment for continuing the work , in case anyone should still be alive in the future and any son of adam can escape this pestilence and continue the work thus begun . "
pestilence is a comic book supervillain who has battled the canadian super - team alpha flight .
the villain pestilence senses decay in northstar 's body and causes his sickness to grow serious to the point that his wounds no longer heal , slowly killing him .
when serious drought struck algeria and grain crops failed in 1866 and for several years following , muslim areas faced starvation , and with famine also came pestilence .
she appears in the " x - men " animated series as a member of apocalypse 's horsemen in the episode " come the apocalypse " as a woman wanting a cure then as pestilence .
following the black death , the initial loss of life due to famine , plague , and pestilence contributed to an intensification of capital accumulation in the urban areas , and thus a stimulus to trade , industry , and burgeoning urban growth in fields as diverse as banking ( the fugger banking family in augsburg and the medici family of florence being the most prominent ) ; textiles , armaments , especially stimulated by the hundred years ' war , and mining of iron ore due , in large part , to the booming armaments industry .
pestilence is currently working on a sixth studio album , which is due for release sometime in 2010 .
after martin van drunen left pestilence in the early 1990s , he joined asphyx and the band signed to century media records .
his election was contested , and it was still under review by the roman congregation of propaganda fide when macarius iv tawil died of pestilence on 15 december 1815 .
as a votive offering for the city 's deliverance from the pestilence , the republic of venice vowed to build and dedicate a church to our lady of health ( or of deliverance , ) .
fever , pestilence , and disease ravaged among the living indigenous population .
( ) god would sweep misfortunes on them , use god ’s arrows on them — famine , plague , pestilence , and fanged beasts — and with the sword would deal death and terror to young and old alike .
catching anderson unawares , he put her in a coma so she could n't stand against him - he also infected her with a pestilence spirit so that when she woke up a great plague would be unleashed .
with the four - volume compilation series " between the eyes " , the band published a collection of its singles and b - sides , then followed with subsequent re - releases of " fate " ( " vol . 2 " ) , " pestilence " ( " vol . 3 " ) , and " neuralblastoma " ( " vol . 4 " ) .
send against them , o lord , the most evil of all the men you have created ! " handhala extended the curse to ifriqiya itself , the land and its ungrateful people , invoking upon them famine , pestilence and war .
ride the wings of pestilence .
the four putti are each depicted fighting a different beast , symbolizing the city 's overcoming of adversities : war represented by the lion , pestilence by the cockatrice , hunger or famine by the dragon and heresy by the serpent .
however , in the continuing battle , shaman donned the coronet , claiming the name and powers of talisman , and forced pestilence to flee .
" our clergy seem " , he says , " not merely forgetful of the lesson but ignorant of it , such a passion for possessions has in our days fastened like a pestilence on their souls " .
however , unlike ares , nergal was also god of pestilence and the underworld .
the horses belong to war , famine and pestilence .
those who fell a sacrifice to the pestilence were mr. justice abney , who died 19 may ; mr. baron clarke , who died on the 17th ; sir samuel pennant , lord mayor ; and alderman sir daniel lambert ; besides several of the counsel and jurymen.’
the plague ' , translated into english as " pestilence " ) is perhaps his best known and has been translated into multipule languages including english , dutch and german .
sir gilbert is believed to have died in 1403 during " the great pestilence " ( plague ) , which also killed his first son , sir william ( i ) , who inherited his title .
comparisons have been made to henry fuseli 's monstrous imps , while the image of the flea echos figures in blake 's earlier work , and his scaly body is similar to the monster in his 1805 pen and ink drawing " pestilence : death of the first born " .
when the massacre was ended , the dead bodies washed ashore , or piled on the beach , threatened to cause a pestilence ... "
for what benefit did the athenians obtain by putting socrates to death , seeing that they received as retribution for it famine and pestilence ?
it hath been heard that while samvarana , the son of riksha , was ruling , there happened a great loss of people from famine , pestilence , drought , and disease .
in 1929 one chawl in dadar was described as being a " dark , unwholesome den into which the light of day does not penetrate and which of necessity breeds disease and pestilence .
we pulled no punches and mildred emerged ... as starkly real as a pestilence . "
the city of contrasts was dubbed the city of fever and fortune , a port of pestilence and prosperity .
pestilence is causing a commotion elsewhere , attacking several soldiers and killing them with her plagues .
in the wake of pestilence comes war , riding a large , wild red horse and wielding a tremendous sword .
his mother , according to richardson , " was also a good woman , of a family not ungenteel ; but whose father and mother died in her infancy , within half - an - hour of each other , in the london pestilence of 1665 " .
pestilence were faced again with the challenge of replacing a member , being without a vocalist and bassist .
khan jahan , overwhelmed by the defeat of his allies , the destruction of their territory , and the additional calamities of famine and pestilence , retired from the country .
we fly to warm countries , and cool the sultry air that destroys mankind with the pestilence .
hyllus and his brothers then invaded peloponnesus , but after a year 's stay were forced by a pestilence to quit .
some chroniclers report that , at his departure , handhala ibn safwan laid a curse upon ifriqiya , expressing his hope that the land which had treated him so ungratefully would be possessed by pestilence , famine and war .
the citizens are slow to realize the magnitude of the danger because they do not believe in pestilence or that it could happen to them , just as the french were complacent at the beginning of the war .
" testimony of the ancients " is the third album by the dutch death metal band pestilence .
under the sunbane , the seasons do not pass in a regular cycle , and instead the earth is afflicted with rain , drought , fertility and pestilence in random sequence .
william of nangis wrote that the " white ship " sank because all the men aboard were sodomists , which reflects the medieval belief that sin caused pestilence and disaster .
summer camps were held in the lake district away from the smoke , grime and pestilence of the inner city .
also an mcd was recorded later that year , including " the deathsquad " from the album " the killer " , plus a re - recorded version of " extreme pestilence " from " evilized " , plus three covers from metallica , running wild and mötley crüe , along with two songs from their " promo 2001 " .
the album was produced by patrick mameli ( of fellow - dutch death metal band pestilence ) , and released by mascot records in 1993 .
in 1935 , he said " that not war , nor famine , nor pestilence have brought so much suffering and pain to the human race , as have hasty , ill - advised marriages , unions entered into without the knowledge , the preparation , the thought even an important commercial contract merits and receives .
pestilence could transform his appearance into that of other people , both alive and dead .
she died at the age of three from a pestilence brought from angband ; morwen " met her grief in silence and coldness of heart " .
following the black death , the initial loss of life due to famine , plague , and pestilence contributed to an intensification of capital accumulation in the urban areas , and thus a stimulus to trade , industry , and burgeoning urban growth in fields as diverse as banking ( the fugger banking family in augsburg and the medici family of florence being the most prominent ) ; textiles , armaments , especially stimulated by the hundred years ' war , and mining of iron ore due , in large part , to the booming armaments industry .
he was distinguished as a preacher and helper of dying people during the pestilence which struck the duchy in 1630 - 1631 .
after that , however , a decline began to set in , brought about partly by deteriorating external conditions - wars , famine , pestilence , economic crisis and so on - but also by the tendency , which affected most if not all medieval women 's religious foundations , for wealthy and influential families to use them as secure accommodation for their unmarried and widowed female relatives .
she appears in the " x - men " animated series as a member of apocalypse 's horsemen in the episode " come the apocalypse " as a woman wanting a cure then as pestilence .
chapter twenty four : pestilence .
passage ix.2 states that even the pestilence around him is less deadly than falsehood , evil behavior , and lack of true understanding .
pawns dreaming of roses ( pestilence ) .
one of them , pestilence , infects isis with a deadly disease before adam kills him and his partner war .
in ballinrobe the workhouse is in the most awfully deplorable state , pestilence having attacked paupers , officers , and all .
in the climactic battle between the x - men , the avengers , and apocalypse , wolverine discovered a choking pestilence was lorna .
after his departure from pestilence , he joined asphyx as the singer and bass player in 1987 .
guillaume died of pestilence , ( possibly endemic typhus ) , secondary to being wounded during the siege of damietta , in seborga in the holy land .
pestilence turned them around and they left the lombards much chastened , but hardly defeated .
an early 17th century japanese manuscript , the " sankai ibutsu " ( 山海異物 ) , describes the baku as a chinese mythical chimera with an elephant ’s trunk , rhinoceros eyes , an ox tail , and tiger paws , which in belief protected against pestilence and evil , although eating nightmares was not included among its abilities .
later he was in lyons , during a pestilence , devoting himself to the plague - stricken .
cholera ( or some other pestilence ) broke out among his men , depressing him further , resulting in his withdrawal to tigray .
the pestilence invaded every country of europe despite all efforts to keep it out .
after 1918 the people supporting churchianity will cease to be its supporters , be destroyed as adherents , by the spiritual pestilence of errors abroad , and by the famine of the word of god among them . "
in " alpha flight " # 44 , she was possessed by the villain pestilence , who tried to drain the life of her teammates after he killed snowbird 's family .
he died of a pestilence which cause " a great mortality of the men of ireland " in 1095 .
formed by the members of breeding pestilence , ozzobozo and elysium – atomic bush propelled the scene into a new and interesting frontier of progressive , virtuoso and eclectic metal .
" pestilence " , which is mentioned 47 time in 46 verses of the bible , can be translated " murrain "
it is definitely stated by livy ( v. 13 ) that the ceremony took place " for the first time " in rome in the year 399 bc , after the sibylline books had been consulted by their keepers and interpreters ( " duumviri sacris faciendis " ) , on the occasion of a pestilence .
when serious drought struck algeria and grain crops failed in 1866 and for several years following , muslim areas faced starvation , and with famine came pestilence .
a single passage ( 5:12 ) was marked , " a third part of thee shall die with the pestilence , and with famine shall they be consumed in the midst of thee : and a third part shall fall by the sword round about thee ; and i will scatter a third part into all the winds , and i will draw out a sword after them .
pestilence , war , famine , and death .
a hairy and fiery star having then made its appearance for several days , the mathematicians declared that there would follow grievous pestilence , dearth and some great calamity .
the special edition was released in a digipak with a bonus track called " silent slumber : a god that breeds pestilence " .
possessing snowbird 's baby and calling himself pestilence , the malevolent entity attacked alpha flight and tore the coronet from talisman 's brow , thus restoring elizabeth 's humanity .
after allaying a revolt at genoa , and striving with the greatest assiduity to check a pestilence in dauphiné , bayard was sent into italy with admiral bonnivet , who , being defeated at robecco and wounded in a combat during his retreat , implored bayard to assume command and save the army .
it is also called bog rhubarb , devil 's hat and pestilence wort . synonyms include " p. officinalis " , " p. ovatus " and " p. vulgaris " .
in an abandoned mine , alpha flight again battled pestilence , until he again seized control of snowbird in the form of sasquatch , ordering her to kill him .
they believe that the fulfillment of these prophecies along with the signs about earthquakes , pestilence , war , famine and many others ( mat 24:7 - 14 , rev 6),the signs which have plagued mankind since jesus began ruling as king in jehovah 's subsidiary government since 1914 .
in 1855 , holmes chose to republish the essay in the form of a pamphlet under the new title " puerperal fever as a private pestilence " .
apocalypse 's new horsemen were gazer ( as war ) , sunfire ( as famine ) , polaris ( as pestilence ) , and gambit ( as death ) .
after signing with roadrunner , pestilence released their debut album , " malleus maleficarum " , in 1988 , further refining their approach to thrash metal .
meanwhile getfix brews a truly noxious potion whose vapours engulf the village , driving off the romans who had quickly moved in , but also convincing them that the soothsayer had real abilities since the smell matched his prediction of pestilence .
