through a long and difficult purification from yeast extracts , this heat - stable factor was identified as a nucleotide sugar phosphate by hans von euler - chelpin .
phosphate esters have the general structure p(=o)(or)3 feature p(v ) .
chemically , it is a copper uranyl phosphate and usually occurs in the form of green platy deposits .
when trying to calculate the extent of the postulated dieoff , the most extreme doomer will also take into account that the existing eco - infrastructure is massively supported by oil based fertilizers and that we will not only hit peak oil but peak phosphate and peak nitrogen simultaneously .
other names in common use include d - glucose dehydrogenase ( nad(p)+ ) , and hexose phosphate dehydrogenase .
first , the asp210 residue in the active site deprotonates a water molecule , which can then perform a nucleophilic attack on the phosphate group located 5 ´ to the ap site .
glucose phosphate isomerase , also known as gpi , is a human protein encoded by the gene .
jordan , the only middle east country with confirmed uranium , is estimated to have around 140,000 tonnes in its uranium reserves plus a further 59,000 tonnes in phosphate deposits .
this enzyme belongs to the family of transferases , specifically those transferring non - standard substituted phosphate groups .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are gtp and h2o , whereas its two products are 2-amino-5-formylamino-6-(5-phosphoribosylamino)pyrimidin-4(3h)-one and phosphate .
outside the cell , phosphate may be dissolved in extracellular fluid ( ecf ) or form structures such as bone and teeth .
in the first year of mining alone , of phosphate were shipped to australia .
according to general estimates , the union of lithium iron phosphate ( lfp ) will be able to lower battery price to 0.35 u.s. dollars per watt hours by 2010 , will be able to take the lead in the rapid development of gas - electric hybrid vehicles and lithium battery bicycles , coming out as the ultimate winner .
catalytic phosphate .
the remaining sugar is then dissolved to make a syrup ( about 70 percent by weight solids ) , which is clarified by the addition of phosphoric acid and calcium hydroxide that combine to precipitate calcium phosphate .
phosphate methylation also gave the possibility to synthesize a self - complementary left - handed z - dna mini duplex .
in crystal form ( rarely found ) it is called pink quartz and its color is thought to be caused by trace amounts of phosphate or aluminium .
phosphate was discovered on the island by new zealander albert ellis .
this enzyme participates in inositol phosphate metabolism and phosphatidylinositol signaling system .
the enzymatic activity catalyzed by a tyrosine kinase is the transfer of the terminal phosphate from atp to tyrosine residues on its substrates , a process known as protein tyrosine phosphorylation .
she was off yap island 4 august – 5 august for similar duty , then patrolled in the yap - palau area , taking time out to shell the phosphate plant on fais island 27 august and 30 august .
ownership in the manufacturing sector is largely private , but the government owns the phosphate - chemical fertilizer industry and much of the sugar - milling capacity , through either partnership or joint financing .
on february 7 , 2008 , valence technology announced it has entered into a contract with the tanfield group plc ( lse : tan ) to manufacture and supply safe , lithium phosphate energy storage systems to power zero emission , all - electric commercial delivery vehicles .
glutamate + atp + nh3 → glutamine + adp + phosphate + h2o
although their skin is preserved , their bones are generally not , as the acid in the peat dissolves the calcium phosphate of bone .
sodium bicarbonate is used in bc dry chemical fire extinguishers as an alternative to the more corrosive ammonium phosphate in abc extinguishers .
this theory arose when dr. st. amand noticed that patients with fibromyalgia symptoms had an increase of tartar on the teeth in the form of calcium phosphate .
periodically poled potassium titanyl phosphate ( ppktp ) consists of ktp with switched domain regions within the crystal for various nonlinear optic applications and frequency conversion .
compared with advanced countries , china 's chemical fertilizers lacked phosphate and potassium , and contained too much nitrogen .
by the close of the twentieth century , the phosphate supplies were fast running out .
the 3 substrates of this enzyme are atp , h2o , and oligosaccharide , whereas its 3 products are adp , phosphate , and oligosaccharide .
a sovereign wealth fund financed by phosphate earnings was established in 1956 .
it is not too well understood , but the calcium phosphate precipitate and dna form a complex that is thought to help the dna enter the cell .
this enzyme participates in pentose phosphate pathway .
the product of this gene inhibits renal tubular phosphate transport .
the 3 substrates of this enzyme are atp , gamma - l - glutamyl - l - cysteine , and beta - alanine , whereas its 3 products are adp , phosphate , and gamma - l - glutamyl - l - cysteinyl - beta - alanine .
it is responsible for reabsorbing phosphate that has been filtered out at the glomerulus .
musk is a receptor tyrosine kinase - meaning that it induces cellular signaling by causing the release of phosphate molecules to particular tyrosines on itself , and on proteins which bind the cytoplasmic domain of the receptor .
the cell avoids this problem by allowing its dna - melting enzymes ( helicases ) to work concurrently with topoisomerases , which can chemically cleave the phosphate backbone of one of the strands so that it can swivel around the other .
many enzymes are activated or inactivated by the transfer of inorganic phosphate from atp to an acceptor — for example , the side - chain oxygen of serine .
in structure , it is a tiny cycle of rna , containing only two guanine bases linked by ribose and phosphate .
potashcorp 's aurora nc phosphate mining operation is currently at the center of a controversy regarding a permit application to expand its mine .
for this reason , phosphate esters are common carriers of organic groups in biosynthesis .
chemical analysis of carbonaceous chondrite meteorites shows that they contain extractable bioavailable water , organic carbon , and essential phosphate , nitrate and potassium nutrients .
the calcium phosphate particles entrap some impurities and absorb others , and then float to the top of the tank , where they can be skimmed off .
l - fuculose - phosphate aldolase .
the phosphate esters bearing oh groups are acidic and partially deprotonated in aqueous solution .
phosphate mining , concentrated in the bone valley , is the state 's third - largest industry .
( most other acute renal failure occurs with uric acid < 12 mg / dl and phosphate < 6 mg / dl ) .
the unusually high levels of sodium and chloride — at concentrations usually only seen under saline conditions — may be due to the necessity of maintaining turgor pressure ; that is , with so little potassium and phosphate available , and that needed in the building of new tissue , " b. prionotes " is forced to circulate whatever other ions are available in order to maintain turgor .
transaminases require the coenzyme pyridoxal - phosphate , which is converted into pyridoxamine in the first phase of the reaction , when an amino acid is converted into a keto acid .
less common forms of uroliths includes ammonium urate , uric acid , calcium phosphate , and cystine uroliths .
iran also produces ferromanganese , ferromolybdenum , nepheline syenite , demantoids , phosphate rock , selenium , shell , andalusite , rockwool , garnet , gabbro , diorite , vermiculite , attapulgite and zeolite , and had the capacity to mine onyx .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are 5'-phosphopolynucleotide and h2o , whereas its two products are polynucleotide and phosphate .
soon after , g.w. scott formed the desoto phosphate co. at zolfo where the florida southern railway crossed the peace river .
hence , this enzyme has one substrate , 1-phosphatidyl-1d - myo - inositol , and two products , 1d - myo - inositol 1,2-cyclic phosphate and 1,2-diacyl - sn - glycerol .
it also contains the following other ingredients : dicalcium phosphate , microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , stearic acid , silica , magnesium stearate , and film coat ( hypromellose , hydroxypropyl cellulose , polyethylene glycol , propylene glycol , titanium dioxide , fd&c yellow # 6 lake , riboflavin , fd&c blue # 2 lake ) .
the company website mentions that progesterone has been analyzed from the formula , several saponins , alkaloids and the pharmacologically active compound calcium phosphate .
all major settlements , the capital el aaiún , and the phosphate mine at bou craa lie far on the moroccan held side .
plants need nitrogen for protein synthesis , calcium for cell wall stiffening , phosphate for nucleic acid synthesis , and iron for chlorophyll synthesis .
bruce is also working on the development of lithium iron phosphate batteries , which represent a development in safe , high density energy storage in marine and other applications .
the enzyme responsible for the elicitation of the respiratory burst is known as nicotinamide denine dinucleotide phosphate ( nadph ) oxidase , which is composed of five subunits .
chengjiang county faces the dilemma between calls for preservation of the treasure trove of early cambrian fossils to which it is steward and the economic reliance it has on the phosphate industry , and the difficulty of finding a balance between exploitation and restoration of the land while this is still possible .
as of august 2007 , several large hotels and businesses have stated their intention to stop using phosphate detergents , in an effort to preserve the quality of the lake water .
the formation consists of sandy dolomite , widespread black phosphate beds and black shale that is unusually rich not only in phosphorus , but also in vanadium , uranium , chromium , zinc , selenium , molybdenum , cobalt , and silver .
typical materials that are transferred using slurry pipelines include coal , copper , iron , and phosphate concentrates , limestone , lead , zinc , nickel , bauxite and oil sands .
however , the vein of casablanca 's economy is in its phosphate exporting industry for which it is one of the main global ports as well as , the administrative center for its trade .
the disease is characterised by abnormally high urinary excretion of phosphate , glucose , amino acids , water , bicarbonate and some unusual sustances , such as ketone bodies and glycine .
clindamycin phosphate is a water - soluble ester of the semi - synthetic antibiotic , clindamycin , which is synthesized from lincomycin .
trisodium phosphate ( tsp , e339 ) is a cleaning agent , food additive , stain remover and degreaser .
a phosphate group from atp is first added to a histidine residue within the kinase , and later transferred to an aspartate residue on a ' receiver domain ' on a different protein , or sometimes on the kinase itself .
the film put forward evidence to show that the scientific investigation was a cover - up and that the real cause of the disaster was not cooking - oil but organo - phosphate pesticides on tomatoes .
physical differences — its relative softness and ease of fusibility — led skey , the colonial new zealand government analyst , to undertake quantitative chemical analysis which identified the mineral as a double hydrous phosphate of aluminia and potash , with some replacement of aluminum with ferric iron .
40 nm gaps between the ends of the tropocollagen subunits ( approximately equal to the gap region ) probably serve as nucleation sites for the deposition of long , hard , fine crystals of the mineral component , which is ( approximately ) hydroxyapatite , ca10(po4)6(oh)2 with some phosphate .
the country ranked second in manganese , nickel , oil , phosphate rock , silver , and zinc , and third in coal , gas , gold , and tin .
a variety of cellular changes can trigger gating , depending on the ion channel , including changes in voltage across the cell membrane ( voltage - gated ion channels ) , drugs or hormones interacting with the ion channel ( ligand - gated ion channels ) , changes in temperature , stretching or deformation of the cell membrane , addition of a phosphate group to the ion channel ( phosphorylation ) , and interaction with other molecules in the cell ( e.g. , g proteins ) .
nauru has one 24 km paved road that circles the island and a dirt track that leads to the nauru phosphate corporation stockpile and offices .
superphosphoric acids can be in the concentration range of 62 - 85% p2o5 ( 86 - 117% h3po4 ) , but at about 90% h3po4 the amount of condensed phosphate species becomes significant .
the conulariids are fossils preserved as shell - like structures made up of rows of calcium phosphate rods , resembling an ice - cream cone with fourfold symmetry , usually four prominently - grooved corners .
the sig p226 - 9-navy is a version of the sig p226 that is produced to the exact specifications of the pistols supplied to navy seals , including special phosphate corrosion - resistant finish on internal parts , contrast sights , and a slide engraved with an anchor to designate them as naval special warfare pistols .
finally , destroyed muscle cells release potassium , phosphate , myoglobin ( a heme and therefore iron - containing protein ) , creatine kinase ( an enzyme ) and uric acid ( a breakdown product of purines from dna ) into the blood .
the preservational mode of the doushantuo formation involves very early phosphatisation on a cellular level - with cells being replaced by phosphate before they degrade .
this enzyme belongs to the family of transferases , specifically those transferring phosphorus - containing groups ( phosphotransferases ) with a phosphate group as acceptor .
each nucleotide is made of an acyclic nitrogenous base , a pentose and one to three phosphate groups .
in the extracellular region near the plasma membrane , portions of membrane - associated molecules wait to capture phosphate and transport it into the cell .
pc is a zwitterionic headgroup , as it has a negative charge on the phosphate group and a positive charge on the amine but , because these local charges balance , no net charge .
dicalcium phosphate .
phosphate .
according to the stanley gibbons stamp catalogue , 32 stamps were issued when postal responsibility was exercised by the phosphate commission between 1958 and 1969 , and 335 under the responsibility of the christmas island administration between 1969 and 1993 .
the purex process is commonly used in nuclear reprocessing uses a mixture of tri - n - butyl phosphate and an inert hydrocarbon ( kerosene ) , the uranium(vi ) are extracted from strong nitric acid and are back - extracted ( stripped ) using weak nitric acid .
cade , and his research team , came across the unique mix of water , sodium , sugar , potassium , phosphate , and lemon juice that is now known as gatorade in honor of the football team , the gators .
nicotinic acid adenine dinucleotide phosphate .
when taken with meals it combines with dietary phosphate in order for the body to eliminate it without absorbing it .
the 3 substrates of this enzyme are atp , formate , and tetrahydrofolate , whereas its 3 products are adp , phosphate , and 10-formyltetrahydrofolate .
the village of brewster was founded in 1910 and for decades flourished from phosphate mining .
the largely christian communities of tuvaluan and i - kiribati expatriates were repatriated in late 2006 following the near cessation of phosphate mining in the country .
when iaea inspectors made a surprise visit to the nuclear laboratories of tehran university , which houses a heavy water reactor , they discovered tributyl phosphate had been used to separate plutonium from spent nuclear fuel .
in enzymology , an alpha , alpha - trehalose - phosphate synthase ( gdp - forming ) ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
much of occidental 's coal and phosphate production was in tennessee , the state gore represented in the senate , and gore owned shares in the company .
this enzyme participates in pentose phosphate pathway and glutathione metabolism .
nicotinic acid adenine dinucleotide phosphate , also known as naadp+ , is a nucleotide very similar to nadp , with the nicotinamide replaced with a niacin molecule .
the 3 substrates of this enzyme are atp , h2o , and oligopeptide , whereas its 3 products are adp , phosphate , and oligopeptide .
the encoded protein reversibly catalyzes the transfer of " energy - rich " phosphate between atp and creatine and between phospho - creatine and adp .
these side chains , specifically arg359 , arg528 , his469 , and ser386 , are conserved within each transketolase enzyme and interact with the phosphate group of the donor and acceptor substrates .
in enzymology , a geranylgeranylglycerol - phosphate geranylgeranyltransferase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
ammonia is especially damaging to the nervous system , and excess ammonia causes neurological problems and other signs and symptoms of carbamoyl phosphate synthetase i deficiency .
in humans , the glycerol phosphate shuttle is primarily found in brown adipose tissue , as the conversion is less efficient , thus generating heat , which is one of the main purposes of brown fat .
finally , a molecule of inorganic phosphate attacks the thioester and forms a tetrahedral intermediate , which then collapses to release 1,3-bisphosphoglycerate , and the thiol group of the enzyme 's cysteine residue .
after the civil war , phosphate fertilizer plants began to spring up , with extensive strip mining occurring between the ashley river and broad path ( meeting street road ) .
the systematic name of this enzyme class is atp : deoxynucleoside - phosphate phosphotransferase .
this enzyme participates in inositol phosphate metabolism .
it was built as an industrial village in 1985 , attached to the local phosphate quarry and administered by the ministry of industry .
in enzymology , a choline - phosphate cytidylyltransferase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
this enzyme is also called abc phosphate transporter .
a discernible town began to develop in the early 1880s after a railroad was constructed and several phosphate mines were established .
as it is not located near any industrial areas , it is clean enough for swimming , though some brownish surface foam is visible in eddys , probably the result of phosphate runoff from local villages .
the guano removed by the a a company in past years was an alluvial deposit , of winch only about 1200 tons now remain on the island that now being worked is known as " rock " guano , breaking like freestone , and when pounded with large mallets or rollers the phosphate impregnating it glistens like crystal it seems that during the hurricane season large quantities of sand are blown over the island from the beach , and consequently the men have to remove a layer of sand before beginning to remove the guano .
the 4 substrates of this enzyme are acetone , co2 , atp , and h2o , whereas its 3 products are acetoacetate , amp , and phosphate .
the high population level of tubificids in piner creek indicate the presence of excessive organic loading , mostly due to high nitrate and phosphate runoff from urban uses ( and possible reduced dissolved oxygen levels ) .
this is then followed by a nucleophilic attack by a hydroxide ligand on the bound phosphorus atom , resulting in cleavage of the phosphate ester bond and production of an alcohol .
the enzyme hydrolyses the phosphorus – fluorine bond , but the phosphate residue remains bound to the serine in the active site , deactivating it .
phosphoproteomics is a branch of proteomics that identifies , catalogs , and characterizes proteins containing a phosphate group as a post - translational modification .
it has the high - energy phosphate bond found ( -61.9 kj / mol ) in living organisms , and is involved in glycolysis and gluconeogenesis .
this will show whether the phosphate group is newly derived from the kinase activity or whether it originates from the pc .
the inglis quarry or inglis quarry sites 1a and 1c are assemblages of vertebrate fossils dating from the pleistocene ~1.8 mya—300,000 years ago , located in the phosphate quarries near the town of inglis , citrus county , northern florida .
the wismut discovered also a significant resource of tungsten , niob , rare earth elements and phosphate in the area which is reinvestigated by a private company since 2008 .
phosphate recycling .
its occurrence is assisted by high concentrations of phosphate , which are presumably led to precipitate around the degradation products of cells and cell walls .
barbuda produced a small amount of salt , while phosphate has been collected from redonda .
this enzyme belongs to the family of transferases , specifically those transferring non - standard substituted phosphate groups .
the segway pt ( " pt " is an initialism for " personal transporter " while the old suffix " ht " was an initialism for " human transporter " ) has electric motors powered by valence technology phosphate - based lithium - ion batteries which can be charged from household current .
phosphate budget .
other names in common use include 5'-methylthioadenosine nucleosidase , 5'-deoxy-5'-methylthioadenosine phosphorylase , mta phosphorylase , mesado phosphorylase , mesado / ado phosphorylase , methylthioadenosine phosphorylase , methylthioadenosine nucleoside phosphorylase , 5'-methylthioadenosine : phosphate methylthio - d - ribosyl - transferase , and s - methyl-5-thioadenosine phosphorylase .
other names in common use include glycerol phosphate geranylgeranyltransferase , geranylgeranyl - transferase , and prenyltransferase .
in the moroccan - administered territory , fishing and phosphate mining are the 2001 signed contracts to explore for oil off the coast of western sahara .
without phosphate , atp can not be made , and many cell processes can not occur .
" stone v. chisolm " , was a writ of error to reverse a judgment of the circuit court for the district of south carolina , which dismissed the complaint in which the plaintiff asked for recovery in the sum of $ 1,050 with interest from july 1 , 1883 sixty bonds or obligations of the marine and river phosphate mining and manufacturing company of south carolina which became totally insolvent .
the fluids that can be used in these traps include formalin ( 10% formaldehyde ) , methylated spirits , alcohol , ethylene glycol , trisodium phosphate , picric acid or even ( with daily checked traps ) plain water .
most bacteria use glycolysis and the pentose phosphate pathway .
the 3 substrates of this enzyme are atp , diphthine , and nh3 , whereas its 3 products are adp , phosphate , and diphthamide .
it has a hot forged steel frame mated to a heavy milled slide treated with manganese phosphate , and coated in heat - cured epoxy .
" cpg " is shorthand for " —c — phosphate
ribulose - phosphate 3-epimerase .
the systematic name of this enzyme class is guanosine : phosphate alpha - d - ribosyltransferase .
such plumes are coastally enriched with nutriets such as nitrate and phosphate , which drives large phytoplankton blooms .
this enzyme participates in pentose phosphate pathway .
exports include paper , phosphate , fertilizers , and citrus , while major imports include oil , coffee , limestone , cars , and lumber .
the bismuth phosphate process was first operated on a large scale at the hanford site , in the latter part of 1944 .
the radioactivity of fly ash is about the same as black shale and is less than phosphate rocks , but is more of a concern because a small amount of the fly ash ends up in the atmosphere where it can be inhaled .
since it does not contain impurities such as copper and chlorine , it keeps fish free from diseases , as well as avoiding the build - up of algae on aquarium plants , due to its lack of phosphate and silicate .
use of a ph between 1 and 2 ph units will reduce the polarity of two of the three ionizable oxygens of the phosphate group , and thus will allow easy desorption from the ( oppositely charged ) surface chemistry .
acknowledged as " the father of agricultural science " , his early field experiments on hertfordshire farms led him to patent a phosphate fertiliser , the sales of which enriched him immensely .
the interpretation would also provide a mechanism for phosphatic fossilization through microbially mediated phosphate precipitation by the bacteria , which has been observed in modern environments .
a reversible enzyme with a similar function , pyruvate phosphate dikinase ( ppdk ) , is found in some bacteria and has been transferred to a number of anaerobic eukaryote groups ( for example , " streblomastix " , " giardia " , " entamoeba " and " trichomonas " ) , apparently via horizontal gene transfer on two or more occasions .
it is suggested that this positive feedback system will end sometime with a catastrophe , as modern agriculture is using up all of the easily available phosphate and is resorting to highly - efficient monocultures which are more susceptible to systemic risk .
several phosphate derivatives of glyceric acid , including 2-phosphoglyceric acid , 3-phosphoglyceric acid , 2,3-bisphosphoglyceric acid , and 1,3-bisphosphoglyceric acid , are important biochemical intermediates .
the importance of rpia in the pentose phosphate pathway was also demonstrated in patients who were deficient of rpia and suffered from leukoencephalopathy .
during inhibition , each acts as a ligand to an oxygen in 2-pmpa or phosphate .
creatine is an organic acid naturally occurring in the body that supplies energy to muscle cells for short bursts of energy ( such as lifting weights ) via creatine phosphate replenishment of atp .
this enzyme belongs to the family of transferases , specifically those transferring a phosphate group to the sidechain oxygen atom of serine or threonine residues in proteins ( threonine kinases ) .
nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate ( nadp+ , in older notation triphosphopyridine nucleotide , tpn ) is used in anabolic reactions , such as lipid and nucleic acid synthesis , which require nadph as a reducing agent .
mining of phosphate is the most important economic activity .
some sources of phosphate in fertilizers contain cadmium in amounts of up to 100 mg / kg , which can lead to an increase in the concentration of cadmium in soil ( for example in new zealand ) .
the first reaction is a phosphotransferase step that involves an intramolecular attack between the hydroxyl group at the 2 ' position on the inositol ring and the adjacent phosphate group resulting in a cyclic ip3 intermediate .
phosphate combustion .
in enzymology , an undecaprenyl - phosphate mannosyltransferase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
hopeite is a hydrated zinc phosphate with formula : zn3(po4)2·4h2o. it is a rare mineral used mainly as a collectors specimen .
the largest engine was an 0 - 8 - 0 built in 1931 for the christmas island phosphate company .
because banaba was devastated by phosphate mining , the vast majority of banabans moved to the island of rabi in the fiji islands in the 1940s where they now number some 5,000 and enjoy full fijian citizenship .
primary among the dissolved cations ( positively - charged ions ) are ca2 + ( calcium ) , mg2 + ( magnesium ) , and k+ ( potassium ) ; the major nutrient anions in nutrient solutions are no3− ( nitrate ) , so42− ( sulfate ) , and h2po4− ( dihydrogen phosphate ) .
the enzyme uses the energy stored in a proton gradient across a membrane to drive the synthesis of atp from adp and phosphate ( pi ) .
inositol - phosphate phosphatase .
for humans phosphate is life .
the correspondence between vanadate and phosphate chemistry can be attributed to the similarity in size and charge of phosphorus(v ) and vanadium(v ) .
moorhead had made a fortune mining phosphate rock in florida in the late 1880s , and had previously been involved in promoting the susquehanna and southwest railway during the early 1880s .
calcium and phosphate are natural building blocks of teeth , and when present in insufficient amounts , there can be sensitivity after procedures such as dental bleaching or professional dental cleaning .
dolostone is in thin beds of yellowish gray to light orange , poorly to well indurated , sandy , clayey and containing phosphate grains .
water , high fructose corn syrup , citric acid , phosphoric acid , monopotassium phosphate , sodium chloride , gum arabic , ascorbic acid ( vitamin c ) , natural and artificial flavors , calcium chloride , ester gum
the technology for recovering uranium from phosphate mines is mature .
yeasts also have a requirement for phosphorus , which is assimilated as a dihydrogen phosphate ion , and sulfur , which can be assimilated as a sulfate ion or as organic sulfur compounds like the amino acids methionine and cysteine .
phospholipids are derived from glycerol , such that two of the glycerol hydroxyl ( oh ) protons have been replaced with fatty acids as an ester , and the third hydroxyl proton has been replaced with phosphate bonded to another alcohol .
pyruvate , phosphate dikinase .
it is soluble in water , and the aqueous solution on boiling loses ammonia and the acid phosphate nh4h2po4 is formed .
hydroxyl radicals attack the ribose ring and this results in breaking of the phosphate backbone , which is independent of secondary structure , as all backbone is accessible , but is instead resultant of protein or tertiary structure protection .
typically occurs very late in the sequence of formation of secondary phosphate minerals .
the 4 substrates of this enzyme are atp , hydrogenobyrinic acid , l - glutamine , and h2o , whereas its 4 products are adp , phosphate , hydrogenobyrinic acid a , c - diamide , and l - glutamate .
purple acid phosphatases ( paps ) ( ) are metalloenzymes that hydrolyse phosphate esters and anhydrides under acidic condition .
pangaea - paleontology - parallel evolution - paraphyletic - parasitism - parasitology - parthenogenesis - passive transport - patau syndrome - paternity test - pcr - pcr mutagenesis - pentose phosphate pathway - peptide - peptide bond - peripheral protein - peroxisome - pfeffer cell - phage - phagocytosis - phenotype - phloem - phospholipid - phospholipid bilayer - phosphorylation - photobiology - photolysis - photon - photophosphorylation - photorespiration - photosynthesis - photosynthesis - photosystem i - photosystem ii - phycobilin - phycobiliprotein - phycocyanin - phycology - phylogenetics - phylogeny - phylogenetic tree - physiology - pigment - placenta - plankton - plant - plantae - plant physiology - plant sexuality - plasma membrane - plasmid - plasmolysis - plastid - plate tectonics - point mutation - pollenizer - pollination - pollinator - polymerase chain reaction - polypeptide - polyploidy - polysaccharide - population - population dynamics - population ecology - population genetics - potential energy - predation - pregnancy - primary nutritional groups - primary structure - primer - prion - prokaryote - prometaphase - promoter - prophage - prophase - proprioception - proteasome - protein biosynthesis - protein - protein translocation - proteolysis - proteome - proteomics - protist - protista - proton pump - protozoa - pseudopod - pteridophyte - punnett square - purine - punctuated equilibrium - pyrimidine - pyruvate oxidation -
club soda may be identical to plain carbonated water or it may contain a small amount of table salt , sodium citrate , sodium bicarbonate , potassium bicarbonate , potassium citrate , potassium sulfate , or disodium phosphate , depending on the bottler .
like ada , agt ii is responsible for the removal of alkyl groups from o6-alkyl guanine , o4-alkyl thymine and alkyl phosphotriester in the sugar - phosphate backbone of dna .
the repatriation was motivated by wide - scale reductions - in - force in the phosphate mining industry .
in the early years , phosphate from the peace river area was barged to punta gorda , or shipped by rail to port tampa .
the microprocessor complex introduces staggered cuts to the ends of the hairpin loop arms resulting in a 2 nucleotide overhand on the 3’ end and phosphate on the 5’ end ( denli et al . , 2004 ) to produce a pre - mirna of ~ 70 nt in length ( denli et al . , 2004 ; gregory et al .
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are atp and h2o , whereas its two products are adp and phosphate .
phosphophyllite is a rare mineral composed of hydrated zinc phosphate .
artificial flavor , natural almond flavor , color added , trisodium phosphate , walnut meal , nonfat milk , vitamin e and bht added to preserve freshness
potassium sodium tartrate and monopotassium phosphate were the first materials discovered to exhibit piezoelectricity .
a universal metal post , sized for the particular diameter of the root canal , is placed as far down as possible into the post space and cemented with a permanent cement , such as zinc - oxide phosphate ( zop ) .
levels of urea cycle intermediates may be decreased , as carbamoyl phosphate can not replenish the cycle .
the phosphate mineral group actually includes any mineral with a tetrahedral unit ao4 where a can be phosphorus , antimony , arsenic or vanadium .
furthermore , deficit of phosphate and aluminium toxicity are other problems .
as a result , in recent years , new , emerging technology alternatives to traditional phosphate coatings have started to see limited use , for replacing all phosphating coatings , including parkerizing .
in the study of biomineralisation , bioactivity is often meant as the formation of calcium phosphate deposits on the surface of objects placed in simulated body fluid , a buffer solution with ion content similar to blood .
these include fluoride glasses ( fluorozirconates , fluoroaluminates ) , aluminosilicates , phosphate glasses , borate glasses , and chalcogenide glasses .
visiting ethiopia in 1994 , jimmy carter won prime minister meles zenawi 's support for a campaign seeking to aid farmers , using the fertilizer diammonium phosphate and borlaug 's methods .
carbohydrates are transported across the outer membrane by a triose phosphate translocator .
these octahedra are linked by sharing edges to form two distinct types of infinite chains , parallel to b. the chains are linked alternately , again by sharing octahedral edges , to form sheets parallel to the bc plane . distorted phosphate tetrahedra link the sheets , and there is some doubt about the exact position of the hydrogen ions in the structure .
some anti - caking agents used are tricalcium phosphate , calcium or magnesium carbonates , fatty acid salts ( acid salts ) , magnesium oxide , silicon dioxide , calcium silicate , sodium aluminosilicate , and calcium aluminosilicate .
the phosphate ion is a polyatomic ion with the empirical formula and a molar mass of 94.973 g / mol .
in and around plant city , however , high organic matter content and scattered phosphate nodules make many of the soils more fertile than typical for the flatwoods .
the very first shipment of florida phosphate was made in may 1888 when the first ten car loads were dispatched to scott 's fertilizer works in atlanta , georgia .
phosphate materials are relatively rare in victoria , yet the wycheproof area is known to have its own unique mineral , known as wycheproofite .
often tetrahedral molecules feature multiple bonding to the outer ligands , as in xenon tetroxide ( xeo4 ) , the perchlorate ion ( clo4− ) , the sulfate ion ( so42− ) , the phosphate ion ( po43− ] ) .
synthesis of glycogen from dhap and glyceraldehyde 3 phosphate .
however , the government restricts this right in some circumstances , and it has restricted the practice of religion by the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints and members of the jehovah 's witnesses , most of whom are foreign workers employed by the government - owned nauru phosphate corporation .
kidney stones are similar to ooids in their layered structure ; they are sometimes rich in calcium ( calcium oxalate ) or phosphate ( struvite ) .
this enzyme belongs to the family of transferases , specifically those transferring phosphorus - containing groups ( phosphotransferases ) with a phosphate group as acceptor .
another , cheaper way or protecting rebars is coating them with zinc phosphate .
it consists of a long - chain aldehyde and a reduced riboflavin phosphate .
the assembly process includes welding ( with and without robots ) and sealing of sheet metal body components , metal finishing ( sanding and surface preparation ) , phosphate coating , painting , and final assembly .
phosphate and phosphite esters .
in the cytosol , nadph is reduced from nadp+ by several enzymes , three of them catalyze the first steps of the pentose phosphate pathway .
it has 2 cofactors : pyridoxal phosphate , and potassium .
these attacks sank five allied merchant ships and inflicted serious damage on the island 's important phosphate - loading facilities .
today , there are two companies which mine phosphate rock in the region , mosaic inc. ( formed from the merger of imc - global and cargill crop nutrition ) as well as cf industries .
phosphate ion is not strongly involved in bond formation at the transition state , and thus it was left out of the transition state analog design .
it is proposed to be served by a new station on railway to served the phosphate mines at kaedi .
their shells had a relatively high concentration of phosphate and organic material , though this decreased over time .
it is associated with the gene phex on chromosome xp22.1 , which encodes a product that inactivates hormone - like substances ( phosphatonins ) that promote phosphate excretion and impair bone mineralization .
the synthesis starts with the treatment of 6 with excess trimethyl phosphate .
in enzymology , a dolichyl - phosphate alpha - n - acetylglucosaminyltransferase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are rtp and adenosylcobinamide , whereas its two products are adenosylcobinamide phosphate and rdp .
resource - resource interactions , in which one type of resource is traded for a different resource , are probably the most common form of mutualism ; for example mycorrhizal associations between plant roots and fungi , with the plant providing carbohydrates to the fungus in return for primarily phosphate but also nitrogenous compounds .
initially inhabited by micronesian and polynesian peoples , nauru was annexed by germany in the late 19th century , and extraction of the island 's phosphate began in 1906 .
dhap may be referred to as glycerone phosphate in older texts .
structural phosphate may be aerobic or anaerobic , depending on localization , temperature ( or ph ) and composition .
the systematic name of this enzyme class is dolichyl - phosphate - d - mannose : glycolipid alpha - d - mannosyltransferase .
it was previously quite wealthy , thanks to royalties collected from phosphate mining .
mineral commodities with notable production increases included aggregate and crushed stone , barite , cement , dolomite , feldspar , iron ore , phosphate rock , salt , construction sand , and steel .
the lewis acidity of mg2 + ( p"k"a 11.4 ) is used to allow both hydrolysis and condensation reactions ( most commonly phosphate ester hydrolysis and phosphoryl transfer ) that would otherwise require ph values greatly removed from physiological values .
lipid a consists of two glucosamine ( carbohydrate / sugar ) units with attached acyl chains ( " fatty acids " ) , and normally containing one phosphate group on each carbohydrate .
it was then precipitated by the addition of bismuth nitrate and phosphoric acid to form the bismuth phosphate .
it is inhabited almost entirely by employees of the moroccan - controlled bou craa phosphate industry .
the 3 substrates of this enzyme are atp , glutamyl - trna(gln ) , and l - glutamine , whereas its 4 products are adp , phosphate , glutaminyl - trna(gln ) , and l - glutamate .
this enzyme participates in 3 metabolic pathways : inositol phosphate metabolism , phosphatidylinositol signaling system , and regulation of actin cytoskeleton .
the reacted soap layer then forms a base for additional unreacted soap to be deposited on top so that a thick three part coating of zinc phosphate , reacted soap and unreacted soap is built up .
ribonucleotides have one , two , or three phosphate groups attached to the ribose sugar .
phosphate discovered .
the mechanism of dna ligase is to form two covalent phosphodiester bonds between 3 ' hydroxyl ends of one nucleotide with the 5 ' phosphate end of another .
because coquina often includes a component of phosphate , it is sometimes mined for use as fertilizer .
hammond & hull also owned the charlotte harbor phosphate co. which had their works at hull , connecting with the florida southern by a short branch line .
muscles conserve energy in the form of creatine phosphate which is generated from atp and can regenerate atp when needed with creatine kinase .
pa is degraded by conversion into dag by lipid phosphate phosphohydrolases ( lpps ) or into lyso - pa by phospholipase a ( pla ) .
other names in common use include tpnh peroxidase , nadp peroxidase , nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate peroxidase , tpn peroxidase , triphosphopyridine nucleotide peroxidase , and nadph2 peroxidase .
symptoms include renal phosphate wasting in addition to increase levels of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin d ( yields the hypercalcuria ) .
