in 1927 she was arrested at a picket sponsored by the sacco and vanzetti defense committee .
finally , on the night of the 18 april , two 17 metre picket boats , one from " triumph " , the other from " majestic " , both armed with two 14-inch ( 356 mm ) diameter torpedoes mounted in dropping gear , went in .
yarborough " screened the battle fleet 's dreadnoughts , often serving as a picket in a special defensive screen arrangement ahead of the heavy units .
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
as the battle raged ashore , she served on the vital picket line to warn of incoming japanese air raids until 10 april 1945 , when she sailed with a convoy to guam .
the ship was soon back on picket duty , however , and engaged in numerous battles with japanese aircraft .
protesters are required to picket in a free speech zone , thus rendering the area around the free speech zone to be an exclusion zone .
during the cold war , the united states navy advanced to radar picket submarines which had the option of diving when under attack .
while on picket station 11 april 1945 , " kidd " and her division mates , uss " black " , uss " bullard " , and uss " chauncey " , with the help of combat air patrol , repelled three air raids .
cordelia goes to escobar in command of a decoy ship and successfully distracts the barrayaran ships on picket duty at the wormhole exit so the transport ships following her can deliver a devastating new betan weapon to the escobaran defenders .
subranges include the cheam range , also known as the four brothers , and the picket range .
strikes lasted only a few days in some districts , while in others teachers walked picket lines for weeks .
" woodworth " was on a picket station 12 miles east of the formation when she was attacked by japanese torpedo planes at 1815 .
he issued an interlocutory injunction against the picket , and ordered the union to pay $ 175,000 in damages .
with the outbreak in june 1950 of communist aggression in south korea " joyce " was recalled to active duty ; taken to mare island naval shipyard , vallejo , california , where she converted to a radar picket escort ( der-317 ) ; and recommissioned 28 february 1951 , lt .
she performed her entire service in virginia waters as a picket , patrol and dispatch boat , based on the navy yard at washington , d.c.
noting lesbian kisses during sweeps periods on such shows as " l. a. law " , " roseanne " , " party of five " and " ally mcbeal " in addition to the " picket fences " episode and noting that they were occurring about once per year , the " times " concludes that kisses between women are : " eminently visual ; cheap , provided the actors are willing ; controversial , year in and year out ; and elegantly reversible ( sweeps lesbians typically vanish or go straight when the week 's over ) , kisses between women are perfect sweeps stunts .
on 1 september 1955 " brister " commenced conversion to a radar picket escort vessel at charleston naval shipyard .
at the end of several weeks of operations with the 6th fleet , the radar picket destroyer returned to norfolk early in february 1954 .
the buildings that are being preserved and restored to their original appearance are the 1874 ordnance sergeant 's quarters and 1882 civilian employee quarters , which are picket - style log buildings , the frame - style 1878 commanding officer 's quarters and duplex 1882 officers ' quarters , and the brick 1892 guard house .
on 27 march 1864 , she returned to the waters of virginia , to patrol and perform picket duty , transport men and ordnance stores , and clear the rivers of torpedoes ( mines ) until the end of the war .
the employer may , on the other hand , allow less senior employees who crossed the picket line to keep the jobs they were given after crossing the line , even if the seniority rules in effect before the strike would have required the employer to reassign their jobs to returning strikers .
on 4 june " robert h. smith " completed her radar picket duty .
it was engaged in picket duty near fairfax courthouse from december 12 to january 20 , 1863 , participating in a repulse of j.e.b. stuart 's cavalry on december 29 .
on the 17th and 18th , she served as an antisubmarine picket and bombarded the shore on the eve of the assault .
another of jackson 's cost - cutting measures was the subject of a union picket in 1994 .
john m. higbee was directed to command a special contingent of militia drawn from throughout the southern settlements whose initial orders were to coordinate the affair while maintaining a picket around the area 's perimeter .
the 13th , 14th and 15th regiments were stationed at camp chase , arlington , virginia until october 28 , then joined the 12th and 16th at east capital hill by october 30 , when the brigade moved to munson 's hill , thence to hunting creek several days later , where it conducted picket duty on occoquan creek , until mid - december .
steaming as a forward picket ship , " hopewell " arrived off kwajalein 31 january and delivered destructive gunfire support during the initial assault .
mccall was captured when he mistakenly rode into the confederate picket line , looking for positions to place his rallied men .
when robinson refused to cross the picket line , wmar management re - opened the negotiations and the strike ended the next day .
in 1965 , kameny , inspired by the civil rights movement , organized a picket of the white house and other government buildings to protest employment discrimination .
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
we 'd put them on a picket line between the wagon wheels at night and they 'd be sunk in over their fetlocks the next day .
this , and included a 24/7 picket for five years before an arson attack , and a continuing aboriginal tent embassy .
after fueling at sea , the fast carrier group , moved toward okinawa 22 march , with " haggard " acting as picket destroyer ahead of the formation .
operating out of newport , she completed 12 radar picket assignments in the 18 months , breaking the routine duty with a visit to belgium and the united kingdom in august 1958 .
the destroyer then took up radar picket duties until proceeding on to eniwetok atoll .
at the same time as lsm(r ) 190 was fighting her final battle , lsm(r ) 194 was facing the same fate at picket station 1 .
from 1956 into 1965 " koiner " operated on picket stations off the washington and california coast to provide early warning in the event of enemy air attack .
at 9 pm , in the twilight after sunset , duffie 's cavalry entered woodgrove , catching johnson 's cavalry completely by surprise , due to poor picket posting .
while the local was unable to achieve tuition fee waivers or reductions , the actions at the bargaining table and on the picket lines created the political momentum for the major changes that began in 2001 .
goodnight 's ranch consisted of corrals and picket houses built from timber cut in the canyon .
the destroyer was assigned to radar picket duty to detect and intercept enemy aircraft before they could enter the transport anchorages .
after shakedown in the caribbean , the radar picket arrived at boston , massachusetts , 18 december to commence operations in the northern radar barrier .
this method produces results similar to the standard - issue bangalore , and can be assembled to the desired length by adding picket segments .
on seeing this , the union put forward one regiment to support the picket - line .
she then commenced three weeks of taiwan straits picket duties .
initially the police arrested all bar vic turner on the picket line at chobham farm .
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
in recent years , some people have associated picket fences with what they regard as the more negative aspects of this lifestyle .
the ship operated out of davisville , rhode island , during her entire period of service and spent on the average of 200 days per year actually engaged in picket patrols in waters off the coast of new england .
after intensive tests and vigorous tactical training , " harveson " joined escort squadron 10 at newport , rhode island , 30 may to begin duty as a radar picket ship .
, , and on an anti - picket boat sweep past nanpō islands , the eastern island chain south of tokyo , to clear the sea lanes for the aircraft carriers of task force 58 which in turn was about to strike the japanese home islands to neutralize them during the assault on the strategic island of iwo jima .
decommissioned again in november 1956 , " blair " underwent conversion at the boston naval shipyard to a radar picket ship .
outside of the embankment was a 5 - 6 ' deep ditch , 12 ' wide and containing a 11 - 12 ' picket .
in 1992 through 1995 moss appeared in seven episodes of the tv series " picket fences " as cynthia parks .
next kapoor added a show called " kehta hai dil " ( 2002 ) to his body of work ; this was the indian adaptation of " picket fences " .
serving the squadron in its effective work of preventing overseas supplies from reaching the confederacy , " carnation " ferried men and supplies , and performed picket duty .
during the suez crisis in 1956 , " jamaica " was flagship of f02 mediterranean and led the amphibious warfare squadron onto the beaches of port said , ( operation musketeer ) , having acted as radar picket ship for the fleet air arm and the raf .
he appeared in guest roles in a variety of tv shows in the 1990s , including " seinfeld " , " picket fences " , " melrose place","caroline in the city " ( 1997 ) , and " dharma & greg " ( 1999 ) .
the new building was placed in the middle of the courthouse square , with a picket fence and outhouse added in 1882 .
the national federation of the blind announced plans to picket theaters in at least 21 states , in the largest protest in the organization‘s 68-year history .
he took no precautions beyond strengthening his picket lines , refusing to entrench , build abatis , or push out reconnaissance patrols .
returning to active duty upon completion of repairs , the destroyer escort steamed on a picket station off the island of yap before returning to the western carolines on 13 may. the following day , in company with and as escort for the battleship " west virginia " and the heavy cruiser , " william c. cole " got underway to return to okinawa .
players that crossed the picket line to play with the replacement players included quarterback danny white , defensive tackle randy white , running back tony dorsett , and defensive end ed " too tall " jones .
after tracking her first bogey on radar picket duty just after midnight on the 21st , she failed to detect a second plane that flew in low and dropped a bomb fairly close aboard on her starboard quarter .
sag - member actors and teamsters join the picket lines .
this led to the belief that picket fences looked appropriate at the front fence , although originally they were not used .
further developments occurred from ringwood to picket post near the turn - off for burley .
in 1960 , he painted cut - out backgrounds of ranch houses and picket fences for " four feather falls " .
after a brief stop at pearl harbor , " brown " headed westward to take part in the okinawa operation ( 1 april–30 june 1945 ) , during which she was awarded the navy unit commendation for her service as a radar picket ship ; 3d fleet operations against japan ( 30 june–15 july ) ; and the minesweeping operations southwest of okinawa .
at a sag meeting held during a 1937 studio technicians ' strike , he told the assemblage of 2000 members , " with the eyes of the whole world on this meeting , will it not give the guild a black eye if its members continue to cross picket lines ? "
a television news strike in the spring of 1967 forced " today " into an awkward position : either go on the air hostless , as hugh downs joined the picket line , or play back a rerun of a previous edition .
the admiralty responsible for formulating the doctrine for the basilisk picket saw the ships placed there as advance scouts , the destruction of which would call for a response from the manticoran home fleet .
on 1 november 1955 , " sellstrom " was taken out of the atlantic reserve fleet and was brought to the brooklyn navy yard for overhaul and conversion to a radar picket escort ship .
her final television appearance was in an episode of " picket fences " .
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
the radar picket ship departed newport 27 march 1960 , and arrived philadelphia , pennsylvania , 2 days later .
the ship then began patrolling picket stations on the pacific extension of the dew line .
that afternoon she took over " laffeys duties as fighter director ship on picket station .
73 " saw fans of " tiswas " picket outside their southampton studios .
" son of morris on " is an electric folk album released in 1976 under the joint names of ashley hutchings , simon nicol , john tams , phil picket , michael gregory , dave mattacks , shirley collins , martin carthy , john watchem , john rodd , the albion morris men , ian cutler , and the adderbury village morris men .
picket station 10 was the hardest hit .
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
on the evening of 20 may , in a major japanese air raid , kamikaze pilots hit five of the picket ships .
in addition , some local " fundamentalist mormon " groups have been known to carry picket signs in the approach area , criticizing the position of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints on polygamy and abortion .
finally , in february 1959 , when several transatlantic cables off newfoundland were cut and the soviet fishing trawler mv " novorossisk " operating in the vicinity at the time of the break , the radar - picket asw destroyer uss " roy o. hale " ( der-336 ) was dispatched to enforce the 1884 convention for the protection of submarine cables .
on 15 september , she patrolled north of the islands on radar picket duty , standing ready to provide early warning if japanese planes were sighted .
the formerly distinct division of responsibilities between state and national government had been described as a " layer cake , " but , with the lines of duty blurred , cooperative federalism was likened to a " marble cake " or a " picket fence . "
on 1 april , " bryant " started two weeks of radar picket duty .
on the latter day , the radar picket destroyer escort sortied for " market time " once more , relieving the coast guard cutter on station .
thus , " picket boat no . 1 " became " alpha " .
from the picket fence to the clothesline and electrical wires , sylvester must calm spike down in order to pursue tweety up into the heights of his bird house .
the radar picket ships not only provided an early warning of the approach of enemy aircraft or surface units but also drew fire .
on february 18 , 2009 , two days before the intended picket date , the home office announced that fred phelps and shirley phelps - roper would be specifically excluded from entering the uk for having " ‘ engaged in unacceptable behaviour by inciting hatred against a number of communities ‘ " , and that " ‘ other church members could also be flagged and stopped if they tried to enter britain ‘ " .
the arc of the united states called for all of its over 850 chapters across the nation to picket and protest against the film , launched educational campaigns , and wrote open letters to ben stiller and the film 's creators explaining their criticisms and calling for stiller to meet with disability advocates to engage in " honest and open dialogue about the offense this film perpetrates . "
as of june 2009 , nikolai alekseev had one complain pending at the un human rights committee concerning the ban of a picket in front of the iranian embassy on july 19 2008 in moscow .
during that new guinea operation , from 21 to 29 april , " grant " engaged in picket duty , inshore patrol duty , and covered landing force operations .
but for one trip to ulithi , the destroyer remained in the dangerous waters of that embattled island carrying out fire support , screening , and radar picket duties until late june .
within an hour , 4,000 botany workers had walked out and begun to picket at the factory gate , and the great passaic textile strike was on .
the british cruiser was taken entirely by surprise , as the picket ship " helmuth " at the entrance to the harbor was unable to warn her of the approaching german cruiser .
stagehands reported to work at their normal time , and after one hour of working left the building and formed picket lines outside .
in line with " larson"s new capabilities , the ship 's primary mission was changed from a radar picket destroyer to a modern anti - submarine fighting ship .
the hotel was a one - story wooden structure surround by a white picket fence .
during that deployment , she spent most of her time at sea off the coast of vietnam engaged in familiar duty as naval gunfire support ship , sar picket , and as escort for aircraft carriers .
nine days later , the vessel arrived at the area off the east coast of honshū , japan , and the task group launched strikes against the tokyo plains area . " wallace l. lind " assumed duty as a picket station , then acted as a communication link between task groups .
on the 13th , while " mckee " patrolled on picket duty , four planes made runs on her .
" tirante " bagged a dozen in this manner and also destroyed two heavily armed picket boats with surface gunfire before returning to guam on 19 july .
with her division , she sailed from newport 15 july 1957 for pearl harbor , her home port for pacific early warning radar picket duty from 18 august 1957 until 18 march 1960 when she left the hawaiians for san francisco , california .
after recuperating , he was transferred back to charleston , where he was assigned picket duty , which gave him time to paint .
her ensuing 27 days as flagship of the aaw / sar picket unit were highly successful , establishing operational procedures and capabilities which remain destroyer standards .
post - war , she served the u.s. navy in other tasks , including that of a radar picket ship .
next day the ship was attacked in company with other picket and patrol ships west of ie shima as the japanese made desperate suicide attacks in hopes of stopping the landing .
in count down , teams made their way through the traditional mid - summer 's festival to a marked section of picket fence .
the screw picket , invented by the germans and later adopted by the allies during the war , was quieter than driving stakes , and thus helped decrease the amount of noise working parties would create .
raju rallies the " basti " dwellers to oppose the demolition crew and picket harry 's mansion .
the corkscrew picket was made from a steel bar which had its bottom end bent into a spiral coil .
by april , 5,000 workers were on the picket line , with all 26 local members of the national tailors ' association ( a coalition of clothing manufacturers and retailers ) struck .
he would write " yazoo : on the picket line of freedom in the south : a personal narrative " about his experiences in yazoo city , mississippi .
the untrained confederate troops had failed to establish picket lines to provide perimeter security , choosing instead to escape the cold rain that fell at morning and stay inside their tents .
the " grayson " convoyed troop transports loaded with reinforcements from nouméa and other staging areas to guadalcanal , patrolled in " the slot " , served as a radar picket ship , and performed valuable rescue work .
conversion to radar picket ship .
randy josselyn ( born february 1 , 1974 ) is an american actor whose tv appearances include undessed , 7th heaven , the fresh prince of bel air , picket fences and full house .
between her tours on the radar picket stations , " van valkenburgh " received upkeep back at kerama retto and conducted one shore bombardment mission .
the 371st support group participated in logex-1974 at camp picket , virginia .
after completing the sweep without encountering any picket boats , she moved south of honshū for lifeguard work .
when not on a picket stations , the ship would create smoke to hide the fleet at anchor and perform " skunk patrol " screening for suicide boats .
similarly , even though an arbitrator held that the 1935 agreement prohibited sympathy strikes , the union 's members nonetheless refused to cross other unions ' picket lines .
following the commencement of the 2007–2008 writers guild of america strike on november 5 , 2007 , abrams , himself a wga member , told " variety " that while he would not render writing services for the film and intended to walk the picket line , he did not expect the strike to impact his directing of the production .
lsm(r ) 195 was also on picket station 10 and while rushing to the aid of the aaron ward and the little was likewise crashed by a kamikaze .
children were often placed at the front of this enclosure and the area had a distinctive white picket fence to keep fans off the pitch ( up until the 70 's ) .
in 1969 , the wacky packages series included a mock ad , drafted by art spiegelman and painted by tom sutton , depicting a flag - waving american revolutionary soldier and a pair of club - wielding policemen chasing a group of hippies carrying picket signs inscribed " for freedom ! " and " love !
two weeks later she took on board two smoothbore howitzers in preparation for picket duty .
banks began to move on april 16 , surprising ashby 's cavalry by fording stony creek at a place they had neglected to picket , capturing 60 of the horsemen , while the remainder of ashby 's command fought their way back to jackson 's position on rude 's hill .
eighty percent of the company 's workers crossed the picket line ( although company operations in the northeast were heavily disrupted ) , and the company refused to enforce to the lower weight limit .
for the next month and a half , the destroyer patrolled the waters surrounding saipan and tinian on radar picket station , occasionally providing fire support and illuminating fire to help troops fighting ashore .
with " stepping stones " and " delaware " , " tritonia " served in a special torpedo and picket division established in the james river , virginia , on 12 may 1864 .
at a memorial service for cowl held on april 3 , 2008 , at the laredo synagogue , congregation agudas achim , arambula continued : " very few people listen to the elderly , the poor , the impoverished , those in need and little children because they do n't protest , they do n't picket and they do n't march ....
with other members of the army wives cast , she joined the picket line on november 13 , 2007 in support of striking writers
it was scotland 's first mass picket since the radical war of 1820 .
uss " locator " ( agr-6/yagr-6 ) was a " guardian "- class radar picket ship acquired by the u.s. navy in 1955 from the “ mothballed ” reserve fleet .
hence , the abkhaz armed groups were able to organize picket and block the georgian marchers ( some of whom were armed as well ) at a bridge outside the ethnically mixed town of ochamchire .
assigned to radar picket duty on 15 april , she splashed two " kamikazes " on 16 april 1945 before a third crashed into her bridge , and plowed through the superstructure deck , abaft the base of number one stack .
are routinely aimed against union members or replacement workers who cross picket lines during industrial disputes ( " blacklegs " ) , and occasionally this erupts into violent confrontation .
grant considered wilson 's 3rd division of the cavalry corps too small to conduct the operation alone — particularly since meade required wilson to leave 1,400 men behind for picket duty —
eventually the infantry crossed by 3:40 a.m. on june 9 and were ordered to move forward against the enemy 's picket line at daylight .
by the time they got up , the picket force was wiped out and 10,000 of d'erlon 's men occupied the pass .
it was also the year of the major florida statewide teachers ' strike of 1968 , which caused students classes to be in chaos due to all the newly hired substitute teachers while regular school teachers walked picket lines for weeks .
crook and wright arrived at snickers gap and determined to attack what they mistakenly thought was a light picket line of confederates along the river , left to cover early 's retreat up the valley .
with the exception of the uss richey , all were recommissioned as navy manned destroyer escort radar picket ships .
he then leads the striking officers off the picket line to attack cain 's hideout .
radar picket submarine ( ssr-270 ) , 1953–1959 .
coming mid - october , project 86 started the " picket fence cartel tour " with , showbread , the wedding , and yearling , and added a part 2 of the tour in 2010 with flatfoot 56 and wavorly in what they said was an " attempt to reach a new audience " .
from 21 march to 30 march , " formoe " patrolled off panay in a picket line covering landings there , then continued her philippine escort duty , making one voyage to manus to bring landing craft north .
others claim to see gordon arnold , a man who claimed to have filmed the assassination from that area , a man in a construction hard hat , and a hatted man behind the picket fence .
throughout 1959 , only two events varied her routine of radar picket operation out of newport .
" at this time , he had received scripts for " picket fences " and " chicago hope " and was asked by cbs if he wanted to start his own television series .
the purpose of the destroyer escort was primarily to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
reactivated as a radar picket ship .
the words " picket fence " have been known to be applied to describe text where there are unnoticeable or no spaces between the words .
conversion to radar picket ship .
nankin also wrote for " picket fences " in 1992 .
in addition to screening , radar picket duties , and fire support for ground forces , " halsey powell " sank a net tender , a cargo ship and numerous small craft in the lagoon with her guns .
the green is surrounded by a picket fence and features hedges and an edwardian pavilion clubhouse .
the action at the picket stations proved that the courage and punishment endured by us navy personnel was unrelated to the size of the ship .
howard said the 25 to 49 female listeners were not boring -- the image ac programmers needed to avoid was " hair up in a bun ... white house with a picket fence ... no life . "
while the elected local officers were the nominal leaders of the strike at its outset , bridges led the planning of the strike along with his friend sam kagel , the rank - and - file opposition to the two proposed contracts that the leadership negotiated and the membership rejected during the strike , and the dealings with other unions during and after the four - day san francisco general strike after " bloody thursday " on july 5 , when police aided the waterfront employers association in trucking cargo from the pierheads to the warehouses through the union 's picket line .
later assigned to a hazardous radar picket station , " putnam " vectored navy fighters against kamikazes .
he later remarked to a reporter that the line was not a picket line , but a demonstration , so there was no harm in crossing .
on july 23 confederate cavalry attacked the union advanced picket line kernstown , leading to a sharp cavalry skirmish .
over the five days following , she alternated between radar picket duty and gun - fire missions on japanese efforts to improve their beach defenses .
the next season , the supporters formed an association called " keep rovers at milltown " and placed a picket on home games at tolka park , effectively bankrupting the club 's owners .
he also dispatched his carriers toward midway early , and they passed the intended picket line force of submarines " en route " to their station , negating yamamoto 's back - up security measure .
well , really she was joining him on a picket line demanding the right to pull the plug on loved ones .
fey took to the picket lines along with co - star jack mcbrayer , while alec baldwin also blogged on " the huffington post " website in support of the wga writers .
" colahan " served on radar picket duty off iwo jima as it was invaded on 19 february , and for 5 days afterward , returning to ulithi for repairs and replenishment .
the wga accused comedy central and nbc of forcing hosts back on air by threatening the jobs of the staff and crew of their shows , and said it would picket them .
from 3 may to 9 may 1945 , " pavlic " was stationed on the picket line off okinawa , fighting off several japanese air raids and performing rescue work .
" duncan " , converted to a radar picket destroyer during her post - shakedown overhaul , sailed from norfolk on 2 june 1945 for the pacific , and after touching at san diego and pearl harbor , joined for screening and plane guard duty during the strikes on wake island of 1 august .
teachers from around the state joined the picket lines .
dennis l. francis lsm commander , flotilla nine for the period april 2 - april 20 , action report indicated that these ships are not particularly suited for picket duty .
the action at the picket stations proved that the courage and punishment endured by us navy personnel was unrelated to the size of the ship .
walston was nominated three times for best supporting actor in a drama series for his work on " picket fences " , winning twice , in 1995 and 1996 .
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
frankfather guest starred in many popular television series of the late twentieth century including " the a - team " , " hill street blues " , " remington steele " , " murphy brown " , " picket fences " , ' , " melrose place " , " empty nest " , " wings " and " nypd blue " .
in this campaign he was given the command of the picket line by maj .
uss " triton " ( ssrn / ssn-586 ) , a united states navy nuclear - powered radar picket submarine , was the first vessel to execute a submerged circumnavigation of the earth ( operation sandblast ) in early 1960 . " triton " accomplished this objective during her shakedown cruise while under the command of captain edward l. beach , jr ..
he also walked a picket line during the 2007 - 2008 wga strike while on crutches .
frechette subsequently appeared in " picket fences " , " barbarians at the gate " , and " m.a.n.t.i.s. " , among others , before being cast in the regular role of computer expert george fraley in " profiler " .
the next at sea period began with ten days on the sea of japan parpro picket station .
lsmr-194 while patrolling at radar picket station 10 on 18 april 1945 , fired at a betty with 5"/38 " and observed the plane going down in flames .
" picket fence cartel " is the seventh studio album by project 86 .
some evangelists carry picket signs and wear " overtly anti - mormon t - shirts . "
strikers form picket lines outside portland 's ferry terminal and harbor , shutting down transit communication between boroughs for periods of time : firstly between portland island and the rest of the city with the temporary closure of ferry services , and lastly between shoreside vale and the rest of the city after the portland protests fail and ferries resume operation , when unsatisfied remnants of the group protest at an exit of the shoreside lift bridge instead , disrupting bridge operations .
during that period , she was converted from a radar picket destroyer back to an all - purpose destroyer .
on 4 august , she put to sea to resume radar picket duty .
at about 0509 on the 18th , " waldron " rammed the japanese picket boat amidships and cut her neatly in two .
following the refusal of many showrunners ( writer - producers ) to cross the picket line in the first week of the strike , production companies sent breach - of - contract letters and suspended many of them without pay .
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
in front of this was a picket fence of heavy posts planted in the ground , high , and sharpened at the top .
if one now takes an infinite time signal – a sinusoid of a given frequency – and samples it a finite set of points , then , if it is one of this finite set of frequencies , it can be perfectly reconstructed : the dft can only see a discrete spectrum , an effect likened to looking through a " picket fence " , with only the gaps visible .
ray walston ( november 2 , 1914 – january 1 , 2001 ) was an american stage , television and film actor who played the title character on the situation comedy " my favorite martian " and judge henry bone on the drama series " picket fences " .
in december 1955 , " roy o. hale " entered the boston navy yard for conversion to a radar picket escort .
in front of this was a picket fence of heavy posts planted in the ground , high , and sharpened at the top .
this diversion complete , " gregory " remained off okinawa on patrol and radar picket station .
in mid - november she returned to vietnam and for almost 2 months she screened ready amphibious groups off southern south vietnam and carrier striking groups in tonkin gulf ; conducted surveys of hostile islands ; and served on picket station .
the show has been compared to picket fences , another show by creator david e. kelley .
throughout the month , she alternated radar picket duty off okinawa with maintenance and replenishment at kerama retto and hagushi .
reportedly when an oklahoma movie theater premiering his movie " el cid " was segregated , he joined a picket line outside in 1961 .
background to the picket .
its appearance reflects the stereotypical view of american suburbia : perfectly manicured lawns , rows of comfortable houses and white picket fences .
on the 18th , the destroyer received orders detaching her from the " bon homme richard " group for duty as an antiaircraft warfare ( aaw ) picket ship .
ultimately , cbs , the network which " picket fences " was airing on decided against the crossover , and both episodes created ended up becoming stand alones with no reference to the other series .
dennis l. francis lsm commander , flotilla nine for the period april 2 - april 20 , action report indicated that ... "these ships are not particularly suited for picket duty .
they worked closely with the production team of gamble & huff and producer / arranger thom bell , and backed up such groups as harold melvin and the bluenotes , o’jays , stylistics , spinners , wilson picket , and billy paul .
a rectangular in - ground concrete swimming pool , built in the 1969 - 73 period , with a white picket fence surrounding it , now stands directly behind the building on part of the site of the wing .
meanwhile , to update and increase her value to the navy , " o'hare " was converted during 1953 to a radar picket ship ( ddr-889 ) and in 1958 received installation of the electronic data system .
the lyrics cover various themes , only " all the machines are quiet " and " picket line " being explicitly concerned with the miners ' strike . "
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
on one of these missions , scott barely missed being wounded by a confederate picket ; the bullet went through his jacket .
this problem was solved for them by the british , who let it be known that they had set up a naval picket line at the mouth of the st. lawrence river to protect their canadian interests and , under international law , it would be acceptable for american shipping to continue using the river as well .
on occasion , he performs vocally and on the banjo with the solidarity singers , who enliven a variety of events — in prisons , on picket lines , and at meetings of the american historical association — with their music .
she was designated ddr-832 ( radar picket destroyer ) on 8 march 1949 .
the ship 's first direct participation in the vietnam conflict came in august when she served as asw picket ship for tg 70.4 on yankee station in the gulf of tonkin .
williams appeared on an episode of " picket fences " as the brother of the just deceased ginny weedon ( zelda rubinstein ) .
the " picket fence cartel " lp is considered a major collector 's item and is the band 's only full - length album to be released on vinyl .
she underwent air attack at kerama retto 6 april , and in the long days that followed patrolled both off the hagushi beaches and on picket station .
she screened took asw and surface surveillance picket station at the southern end of the gulf of tonkin ; and assisted a south vietnamese construction battalion stranded on drummond island in the paracel group .
she was famously arrested on the picket line during the grunwick dispute , where asian women workers were striking for union recognition .
frederick moosbrugger , picket force commander , acclaimed their hazardous duty , “ ... a symbol of supreme achievement in our naval traditions . ”
the la 's attracted the attention of several record labels after a series of performances in their home town of liverpool in 1986 , and bootleg demo tapes copied from a session at the flying picket rehearsal studio in liverpool began circulating .
she crossed a picket line .
" picket fences " ( 1992–1996 ) .
an overhaul on the west coast prepared the destroyer for picket duty off okinawa through may and june 1945 .
assigned to tg 58.7 ( fast battleships ) , " monssen " took up station on the radar picket line and waited .
pyron 's force of 300 camped at apache canyon , at one end of glorieta pass , leaving a picket post of fifty men at the summit of the pass .
during most of the remainder of her service , the tug acted as a dispatch and picket boat on the james river .
squally weather prevented his using a 40-foot motor launch as picket .
the post office was established on april 10 , 1878 as picket post , and the name was formally changed to pinal on june 27 , 1879 .
after sailing across the pacific guarding convoys , " cogswell " arrived off okinawa on 27 may 1945 for dangerous and demanding duty as radar picket until 26 june .
children joined their mothers on the picket lines , protesting poor treatment in downtown shops .
he participated in the 1997 national ups strike , arrested at a massive picket at the companies somerville , massachusetts depot .
the regiment was employed during the winter doing picket duty along the rapidan river .
the primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket .
when mary discovers the outing , she makes them all picket larry and lloyd 's house , carrying placards and shouting homophobic abuse .
over 700 of the workers did not return to their jobs , refusing to cross the picket line .
the latter had been struck by a " kamikaze " plane on that date and required prompt medical aid at her distant warning radar picket station .
in may , " valley city " , and a picket boat captured a motley collection of small confederate watercraft during a sweep of the roanoke river and also dragged the bottom for sunken guns and unexploded torpedoes ( mines ) .
she completed her fram conversion on 31 january 1963 then deployed to guantanamo bay where she did picket duty as part of the post - cuban missile crisis operation .
the soldier ’s nicknamed the mountain “ picket post ”
acting on union picket intelligence of the confederate 's position in franklin , both generals peck and dix felt that it would be wiser to wait on the joint assault .
flutie crossed the picket lines in order to play for the patriots , and charges of being a scab dogged him thereafter .
and in " nlrb v. granite state joint board , " 409 u.s. 213 ( 1972 ) , the supreme court held that a union member who crosses a picket line can avoid union sanctions by simply resigning from the union .
bobby 's short - temper and frequent visits to union picket lines opposite sheila 's staunch catholic faith and family values made compelling viewing for many viewers , as did the antics of their children barry ( paul usher ) , karen ( shelagh o'hara ) , and damon ( simon o'brien ) .
