muscovite boyars and voivodes ” , but in 1670 once again sirko pledged loyalty to russian tsar alexei mikhailovich .
china pledged to " deliver clean energy towards a harmonious world " and that by 2008 , measurements of carbon monoxide , nitrogen dioxide and sulfur dioxide would meet world health organization standards and airborne particle density would be reduced to the level of major cities in developed countries , however the ioc stated that beijing had so far met only who 2005 interim guidelines , which are significantly less restrictive , and that " official data during the aug. 8 to aug. 24 olympic period indicates air quality was actually worse in 2006 and 2007 than in 2000 and 2001 . "
the government of nova scotia pledged $ 10 million ( 2003 cad ) in relief money after the hurricane hit , and private contributions were also made quickly after the storm hit .
a supporter of hillary clinton 's presidential campaign , mcaffrey was a pledged delegate to the 2008 democratic national convention in denver .
the new government that came to power during the revolution formally disbanded the hungarian secret police , declared its intention to withdraw from the warsaw pact and pledged to re - establish free elections .
haldimand pledged that after the war had ended , the government would restore the mohawks to their state before the conflict started .
carthaginians pledged to be friendly with the latins , and return to rome cities captured in latium ( the latin league would be incorporated into the roman republic by 338 bc ) , and not to spend the night in roman territory under arms .
robin is known throughout the land as the finest warrior in cheshire and has pledged her life to defend it .
the mainstream parties of sikkim have openly supported the gorkhaland movement and pledged solidarity .
he was convinced that most cemeteries were " unsightly , depressing stoneyards " and pledged to create one that would reflect his optimistic beliefs , " as unlike other cemeteries as sunshine is unlike darkness . "
following election as a municipal councillor ben bella became a founder member of an underground organisation pledged to fight colonial rule , known as the " organisation spéciale " .
soon after that , the 105 cahokia " heads of household " pledged loyalty to the continental congress of the united states .
from the beginning , the rcnl also pledged an " all - out fight for unrestricted voting rights . "
during the first week , they pledged kathlyn holmes , theta phi alpha 's first pledge sister , and marie sullivan .
it is pointed out that amongst those who repented and pledged their allegiance to islam at the hands of mirza ghulam ahmad were : omrun nisa bibi ( widow of mirza ahmad beg and mother of muhammadi begum ) , inayat begum and mahmooda begum ( sisters of muhammadi begum ) and their brother mirza muhammed beg , mirza isaac beg ( son of muhammadi begum ) , mirza ahmad hassan ( son in law of mirza ahmad beg ) , mirza gul muhammad and his sister ( the only surviving children of mirza nizamud - din ) , hurmat bibi ( maternal aunt of muhammadi begum ) and her daughter , khurshid begum .
radunsky had been a member of the bolshevik party , and were pledged members of the futurist movement early on .
they pledged through january 1977 and were initiated on february 4 .
although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate , they are not obligated to vote for them .
they pledged to stay drug , tobacco , and alcohol free and stay away from tattoos .
shortly after beethoven wrote this piece , he pledged to take on a new path and direction .
on wednesday 24 january 2007 , the dutch youth international decided to pledged his senior international future to ghana .
environmental groups have pledged to go to court to have the endangered species act interpreted in such a way .
gambian president yahya jammeh has pledged in humanitarian aid .
the russians undertook to protect the empire from external attacks ; in turn , the sultan pledged to close the dardanelles to warships whenever russia was at war .
the texas state teachers association also announced its endorsement of heflin , who pledged to fight the consolidation of rural schools .
in this duty he advanced or pledged his credit for £ 20,000 more than was authorized by congress , much to his later embarrassment and subsequent loss .
created by guardian journalist ariane sherine , the campaign aimed to raise funds to place atheist adverts on buses in the london area , and dawkins pledged to match the amount raised by atheists , up to a maximum of £ 5,500 .
chinese president hu jintao has pledged to work with zardari to build a stronger political and economic partnership between the two countries .
he did not initially endorse either clinton or obama , saying they both had pledged to carry forward his central campaign theme of ending poverty in america .
although the carter administration decided in 1977 on a phased withdrawal of united states ground forces from the republic of korea , it pledged to continue military and other assistance to that country .
the " teen " was pledged to supply ten men for the " heer " , the army .
in september 2004 , tom petters pledged $ 10 million to his late son 's college , miami university .
delegates were not pledged or required to vote for certain candidates , so it was difficult to know what the initial count would be for any candidate .
during the 17th century , the feudal domains developed a system of feudal notes , giving currency to pledged notes issued by the lord of the domain , in exchange for convertibility in gold , silver or copper .
funding was pledged in 2006 to help establish a street museum in loughton .
for example , it does not list state conventions that determine which persons will fill the role of delegates but not the number of delegates awarded or to whom the delegates are pledged .
the double hook , as it is taken to be , which looks like the letter ƨ , goes back to a court seal from the time when haßloch was a pledged holding . " heraldry of the world " , quoting another source , furthermore says that the ƨ is a symbol that was used on “ borderstones and decorations ” beginning in the 18th century .
orkney and shetland continued to be ruled as autonomous jarldoms under norway until 1468 , when king christian i pledged them as security on the dowry of his daughter , who was betrothed to james iii of scotland .
financial support came at first from the australian nature conservation agency and subsequently from bp australia which pledged aud$260,000 to the project over five years .
he pledged government finances towards building rural infrastructure and funding towards the development of new technologies .
the sisters undertook the care of orphans and the work to which they had pledged themselves , and were soon able to enlarge the buildings ( 1869 and 1878 ) .
meanwhile labour pledged to use new powers to tackle anti - social behaviour and said they were making a difference in the town .
" a responsible plan to end the war in iraq " is a 36-page plan created by a group of united states democratic congressional candidates , retired military officers and national security professionals that outlines policy measures ( consisting of bills currently before the united states congress ) that the candidates pledged to support in the 2008 elections .
an agreement was reached to sell to edward j. debartolo , sr . , who pledged to keep the club in chicago .
michael barrett donated $ 50,000 to project 3000 and pledged an additional sum of money for every home run he hits .
in march 2009 , the project website showed that more than 650 were resident there and more than 9,150 had pledged to move there .
in both 1996 and 1998 , shaheen pledged to veto any new broad - based taxes for new hampshire , which taxes neither sales nor its residents ' earned income .
in 1920 the bush church aid society for australia and tasmania was founded , with pledged support from the colonial and continental church society in england .
all were pledged to and voted for kerry / edwards .
this is despite fierce opposition from the ambleside students , the townspeople of ambleside , and in spite of the support that tim farron mp has pledged to the campus and students -
if elected vander plaats has pledged to issue an executive order dealing with the iowa supreme court opinion which purportedly legalized same - sex marriage in iowa .
the 15 pledged delegates were further divided into 10 district delegates and 5 state - wide delegates .
a few years later , with toyotomi hideyoshi spearheading the oda clan 's advance into the chugoku region , he pledged loyalty to the oda .
iceland had pledged not to resume commercial whaling until 2006 when presumably talks about sustainable whaling would be completed .
the citizens of raleigh offered land now occupied by north carolina state university and pledged $ 35,000.00 for a new building which was quickly approved by the methodist conference for trinity college .
after sweeping four states on march 4 , mccain was widely projected to have a majority of delegates pledged to vote for him in the september party convention .
the us has pledged to back warsaw in the event of russian aggressions towards poland .
inspired by rachel carson 's " silent spring " , aldo leopold 's land ethic , and edward abbey 's " the monkey wrench gang " , a group of activists composed of environmental activist dave foreman , ex - yippie ( youth international party ) mike roselle , wyoming wilderness society representatives bart koehler and howie wolke and bureau of land management employee ron kezar pledged , " no compromise in defense of mother earth ! " while traveling in foreman 's vw bus from the pinacate desert in northern mexico to albuquerque , new mexico .
according to its founder and leader sir paul judge , jury team independent candidates have " legally committed themselves to our three guiding principles of democracy , accountability and transparency and to abiding by the seven nolan principles of public life " , and " had all " pledged to vote on conscience for the good of their constituents and the country and will not be required to obey a party whip " .
over seventy countries pledged monetary donations or other assistance .
muhammad sa'id ali hasan , along with three of the other four pledged martyrdom suicide terrorists , was later removed by the fbi from the official count on the main page of the seeking information list .
in september 2008 , the rees - jones foundation pledged $ 25 million to go towards the parkland memorial hospital system ’s new facility in dallas , texas .
the delegates then unanimously approved the platform except for the central plank that pledged " acquiescence " in the compromise of 1850 , " the act known as the fugitive slave law included .
only when the bhandari apologised and pledged that it would not happen again did shastriji maharaj have lunch .
egypt , which has pledged to end iraqi immigration , already has 150,000 ethnic iraqi people .
in 2008 , a donation was pledged in support of the renovation and expansion of a centenary building at fudan university .
twenty countries were expected to contribute to the force , including canada , denmark , france , the netherlands , pakistan , singapore , and the united kingdom , all of which have already pledged participation .
the country is in arrears to most of its international creditors and has had to resort to pledged commercial debt to continue to be able to borrow .
the pledged lands from farmers was withdrawn or " were not to be found " , leading to financial troubles for both jefferson valley sugar and amalgamated sugar .
sometimes a young man who had not yet been pledged , sent to the parents of the girl , without being personally present in those negotiations .
in january and march 2006 , more delegates pledged to him were selected to attend the state party convention than those of any other candidate .
doer pledged $ 13 million to shorten health - care waiting times in the 1999 campaign , and said that he would work to end " hallway medicine " in overcrowded hospitals .
all were pledged to and voted for barack obama and joe biden .
also , lamont pledged not to take money from lobbyists .
in their convention in baltimore in 1866 , the radicals pledged to the maintenance of the state constitution of 1864 , " which expressly and emphatically prohibits both rebel suffrage and negro suffrage . "
lindblad has pledged to dissolve the sc department of education if elected and eliminate the office of superintendent entirely , claiming that bureaucracy is the biggest impediment to effective education .
just before the moonlight dance ( a dance for pledged couples ) , lew sees a strange man dressed as a harlequin .
some analysts believed clinton could still win the nomination by raising doubts about obama 's electability , fighting for michigan and florida delegates to be seated at the convention , and convincing superdelegates to support her despite her expected loss in the pledged delegate vote .
" toward this goal , israel donated the equivalent of $ 2.8 million , and arab states pledged almost $ 600,000 .
he pledged to resign after one day in office after ordering the troops brought home .
he argued for a reinstatement of both pledged and superdelegates from the state of florida to the 2008 democratic national convention , with both exercising a half vote at the convention .
further , the city government has pledged to add 180 km of cycling lanes over the next few years .
although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate , they are not obligated to vote for them .
the new party , headed by jaurès and guesde , ceased to co - operate with the radical groups , and became known as the " parti socialiste unifié " ( psu , unified socialist party ) , pledged to advance a collectivist programme .
for 2007 , callahan pledged to play more aggressively , using running back marlon lucky and quarterback sam keller .
the dark - hunters are immortal warriors pledged to the greek goddess artemis and dedicated to defending mankind against daimons ( vampires ) and other assorted enemies : including a couple of rogue gods and goddesses .
hitler also pledged to protect the catholic confessional schools and to respect the concordats signed between the holy see and bavaria ( 1924 ) , prussia ( 1929 ) and baden ( 1931 ) .
although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate , they are not obligated to vote for them .
pledged delegates reflect the preferences of voters but are not actually legally bound to vote for the candidate they represent .
the treaty of cudnów was signed on 17 october , and mostly repeated the 1657 treaty of hadiach ( although the creation of duchy of ruthenia had to be confirmed by the polish king ) and pledged cossaks allegiance to the poles .
the motto of the newspaper , printed at the top of the front page , was : " pledged to no party 's arbitrary way , we follow truth wher'er she leads the way . "
he attended the university of michigan for one year where he was an honor student in the engineering school , a member of the swimming team and pledged sigma chi fraternity before finally receiving an invitation to attend west point where he finished 5th in his class out of 633 in 1954 .
approval of the project was obtained in 1979 , then prime minister joe clark waived environmental assessment hearings and pledged to ship half of the concentrate from the mine in the federally owned icebreaker mv arctic .
armani had pledged us$ 15 million to the guggenheim foundation and appeared to be rewarded in a quid pro quo manner with an uncritical and otherwise unjustified marketing coup at one of new york 's most prestigious venues .
he pledged to continue with his reform and privatization programme as well as form a new cabinet .
overall friends of pakistan had pledged $ 1.6 billion in aid , which would help pakistan move forward on its way to self - reliance .
the conservatives were hoping to gain from voters who were unhappy over council tax rises and they pledged to only increase it by the inflation rate over the next three years if they won control .
meanwhile charles 's brother louis of navarre led an army augmented by contingents pledged by the captains of the great company and the freebooter séguin de badefol through the black prince 's territories and across france , evading the french royal forces sent to intercept him and arrived in normandy on 23 september .
for example , the elders ( or global elders ) , a select group of 12 convened by nelson mandela , desmond tutu and graca machel and including kofi annan , jimmy carter and mary robinson ( among others ) , have pledged themselves to act as global elders to " support courage where there is fear , foster agreement where there is conflict , and inspire hope where there is despair " .
he also pledged to staff all detention centers with registered nurses and make sure public defenders were provided to children at their first hearings .
zelikow had pledged to have no contact with rove and condoleezza rice during his work for the 9/11 commission .
although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate , they are not obligated to vote for them .
natapei pledged to continue the policies and reforms of the outgoing lini government .
the u.k announced an immediate grant of £ 50,000 to help the turkish red crescent , while the international red cross and red crescent pledged £ 4.5 million to help victims .
on 29 november 2007 haslam rejected a bid from james derry 's consortium and the mansfield fans pledged to have a tv protest against him on 2 december 2007 against harrogate railway athletic live on the bbc 's match of the day programme .
his party 's proposal redress the head tax also did not help his campaign , as the liberals had not consulted many of the major canadian - chinese groups ( despite claiming to ) , the promised amount was reduced to from $ 12.5 million to $ 2.5 million , and the pre - condition was that the government would make no apology , while the three opposition parties pledged to make a full apology .
in february 2008 , muqtada al - sadr 's followers renewed a ceasefire which had been declared in august 2007 , under which they pledged not to attack rival armed groups or american forces in iraq .
lilly made headlines in november 2002 when she pledged stock worth $ 100 million to the poetry foundation , a tiny chicago nonprofit organization that publishes " poetry magazine " , and a similarly large gift to americans for the arts in washington .
many opposition parties including , the dap and parti keadilan rakyat ( pkr ) , have pledged themselves to undoing the nep .
in addition to $ 230 million that washington pledged at an august conference in stockholm , pledges of grants and loans are $ 770 million from the united states .
the european cyclists ' federation is pledged to ensure that bicycle use achieves its fullest potential so as to bring about sustainable mobility and public well - being .
on january 22 , 2008 , the rectory pledged to obtain accreditation for each and " all " of the remaining academic offerings at the university .
after some delay sigismund assented to the offer , with the provision that prussia should be treated as a polish fiefdom ; and after this arrangement had been confirmed by a treaty concluded at kraków , albert pledged a personal oath to sigismund i and was invested with the duchy for himself and his heirs on 10 february 1525 .
tahir pledged that the manchester republicans would not focus on partisanship and instead concentrate on “ issues such as taxes , the senior center and schools ” .
when cooper first campaigned for mayor in 1988 , she pledged not to proclaim a gay pride day if elected .
while appealing for peace on 18 february , he pledged " no pardon or pity " to his enemies , but rather " total punishment " .
following the speech , the conference of concerned democrats unanimously decided to hand pledged delegates to the candidate for the state of florida .
the german government , while insisting on the legitimacy of its campaign against allied shipping , disavowed the sinking of the " arabic " ; it offered an indemnity and pledged to order submarine commanders to abandon unannounced attacks on merchant and passenger vessels .
bari deg : inside the sahan - e - chiragh and on the right side of buland darwaza is located bari deg . emperor akbar pledged to visit ajmer sharif on foot and presented a large cauldron if victorious in chittaurgarh battle .
he pledged his loyalty to the bishop of utrecht as his father had done before him , but he nonetheless desired to expand his territory .
but few days later , at a session of the all india congress committee , j.p. narayan and the other csp leaders pledged not to start any other movements parallel to those initiated by gandhi .
his good form there attracted the interest of clubs such as aston villa , who were hopeful of signing the striker until he pledged his future to the hammers .
under rule 9.c , the pledged pleo slots are allocated to candidates based on the results of the primaries and caucuses .
along with the basic treaty ( effective june 1973 ) which recognized two german states , and the two countries pledged to respect one another 's sovereignty .
in october 2007 , former australian prime minister john howard pledged to hold a referendum on changing the constitution to recognise indigenous australians if re - elected .
this early settlement had contact with the spaniards in 1565 , when the spanish conquistador miguel lópez de legazpi and the native chieftain datu sikatuna pledged peace and cooperation through the famous blood compact .
father edmund scully of st marie ’s pledged to build a school - chapel for the crofts area and on good friday 1851 a plot of ground was purchased in the area for £ 700 .
in 1961 , the university of texas and purdue university chapters of kappa kappa psi pledged to bring their drums to the national convention in wichita , kansas ; however , only the boilermakers showed up with the purdue big bass drum , thus claiming the title of " world 's largest drum " .
on june 25 , 2006 , warren buffett ( then the world 's richest person , estimated worth of us$ 62 billion as of april 16 , 2008 ) pledged to give the foundation approximately 10 million berkshire hathaway class b shares spread over multiple years through annual contributions , worth approximately us$ 30 billion in 2006 .
she was pledged to michael dukakis .
by march 1862 the town militia had been " tipped off " about an impending assault and general james g. blunt at fort scott , kansas had pledged reinforcements , but they had not yet arrived .
the veto disappointed some of minnesota 's congressional representatives in washington , including minnesota 's republican senator norm coleman , who pledged to " raise my voice as strong as i can , as loud as i can .
andy andersson and hardslug formed a new project called hardslug ( hardslug dropped his nickname and pledged it to the band , reverting back to james harding once more ) and released a 12 song album in late 2006 .
the president of the maldives has pledged to make his country carbon - neutral within a decade by moving to wind and solar energy .
as a result , on june 3 , obama was declared the presumptive nominee that evening , with pledged delegates from montana and south dakota .
north korea then agreed to open its nuclear facilities to international inspection , and the united states pledged to lift trade restrictions and provide fuel oil for electric power generation .
the fund pledged land to railroad companies and guaranteed bonds issued by the railroad companies on the land .
the new vmro - dpmne government elected in july 2006 has pledged to restore the kale fortress and to rebuild the beautiful 19th century army house , the old national theatre , and the old national bank of macedonia - all destroyed in the 1963 earthquake .
the soviet union , china , and eastern europe offered assistance that was probably worth us$ 3 billion to us$ 4 billion , and countries of the western economic community pledged roughly us$ 1 billion to us$ 1.5 billion .
in march of election year 2004 , both parties pledged to introduce alternative arrangements for indigenous affairs .
soon all the local governments that had been created in the last months of the war pledged allegiance to the central government in warsaw .
akayev refused to resign , but pledged not to use force to end the protests , which he attributed to foreign interests seeking to provoke a large - scale clamp - down in response .
however , can chapter president and resolution author dan blazo has pledged to introduce an amended version of the legislation , believing that a slightly modified version will pass through the asb senate by may , 2009 .
after the waldshut war from 1468 , all of fricktal burgundy pledged to the habsburgs .
karzai pledged that peace deals would not affect basic human rights , including women 's rights , which he said " shall never be compromised " .
this was the altar where romans had traditionally offered prayers for the welfare of the empire and had pledged their allegiance to the emperor for generations .
in 2009 , katz pledged to keep property taxes in the city of winnipeg frozen for the twelfth straight year .
many local businesses pledged support by providing material , labor and other resources in exchange for being recognized on plaques in the lobby area .
during the campaign , primavera pledged to continue her work in the area of health care reform , while kliebenstein criticized primavera for her support of a property tax freeze , and contrasted his support for dedicated highway funding and oil exploration with primavera 's emphasis on mass transit and alternative energy sources .
in may 1973 the state liberal party pledged to build the line if elected , but only to bulleen .
u.s. president ronald reagan called the attack a " despicable act " and pledged to keep a military force in lebanon .
he occasionally rebelled against the government ( see ) , often on judicial issues , though not on any high - profile issues or as part of any major rebellions , with the exception of supporting an amendment to the top - up fees bill ( higher education act 2004 ) which would have removed such fees from the bill whilst maintaining other aspects of it , an attempt to have the bill 's increased funding for universities without higher fees ( presumably by putting up the basic or higher rate of income tax or introducing a graduate tax ) ; the government claimed that the greater funding ( almost , though not quite , universally accepted to be necessary ) could only be achieved with top - up fees , so the choice was fees or continuing underfunding , but many saw this as a false dichotomy imposed by the government ( which had pledged not to raise income tax - indeed , had cut it in its first term - and had already raised national insurance contributions once , though this move was very popular ) to hold funding hostage , as it were , and ensure the bill 's passing .
he was taken to sebastia by one who had pledged to the emperor that the catholicos would not escape and he lived there for five years in the convent of the holy cross .
several armenian organizations pledged contribution to form several battalions under the planned armenian legion .
china has also pledged to invest usd 267 million to build the lekki free trade zone near lagos .
the local leaders who had been supporters of lhanangpa pledged their allegiance to phajo .
proving himself to be the superior combatant , domina and the rest of the warclan genuflected and pledged him their allegiance .
parc has also pledged to lower prices for admission in to the park which had escalated when the park was owned by six flags .
the boston beer company had pledged $ 3 to 7 million dollars to upgrade the plant .
at the close of 2008 , contributions pledged by member countries totaled $ 3,435.0 million , out of which $ 2,463.15 million was direct contributions to ofid .
additionally , many of enron 's major assets were pledged to lenders in order to secure loans , throwing into doubt what if anything unsecured creditors and eventually stockholders might receive in bankruptcy proceedings .
in 1994 , compuware founder peter karmanos purchased the whalers and pledged to keep them in hartford for four years .
in january 1976 , the government pledged to restore the illegally occupied land to its owners , and in 1977 , it promulgated the land reform review law .
during the 2nd hundred days of the 104th congress , the republicans pledged " to bring to the floor the ten bills , each to be given a full and open debate , each to be given a clear and fair vote , and each to be immediately available for public inspection " .
in 1998 , knight pledged to impose more stringent standards for the factories that nike engages to manufacture its goods , including minimum age standards , factory monitoring , and greater external access to nike 's practices .
the government of the drc has pledged of aid .
he then pledged alligience to william rufus ' brother , henry i of england , who created him earl of leicester in 1107 .
she pledged to serve no more than three terms in the united states house of representatives if elected .
she pledged to rule justly through her regent , tafari .
nixon pledged continued substantial aid to south vietnam , and given his recent landslide victory in the presidential election it seemed possible that he would be able to follow through on that pledge .
by the middle of the 14th century these freischöffen ( latin scabini ) , sworn associates of the fehme , were scattered in thousands throughout the length and breadth of germany , known to each other by secret signs and pass - words , and all of them pledged to serve the summons of the secret courts and to execute their judgment .
it pledged to substantially increase aid to agriculture in developing countries , so that the world ’s 1 billion hungry can become more self - sufficient .
the pkb , which was led by abdurrahman wahid , the leader of indonesia 's largest islamic organization nahdlatul ulama ( nu ) , had also pledged to support megawati for president .
though rotblat feels the united states is now engaged in an overall policy of proliferation , he is confident that a return to american commitments to further reduce nuclear weapons — already pledged under the non - proliferation treaty — would inspire other nations to follow suit .
the governor did not recognise the title on the basis that a monarchy was incompatible within the framework of the constitution of the united states and the previous tui manu'a had pledged to be the last person to hold the title .
superdelegates officially were not pledged to any candidate .
the committee drafted six resolutions , including one that pledged that the party would render inoperative the portion of the kansas - nebraska act which abolished freedom in the territory withdrawn from the missouri compromise of 1820 .
in january 1899 , mubarak signed an agreement with the british which pledged that kuwait would never cede any territory nor receive agents or representatives of any foreign power without the british government 's consent .
nicci has seen the absolute glory and beauty of " life , " and long before seeing richard injured has already pledged herself to her new doctrine : to live her life for herself .
it pledged the country 's support to anti - imperialist struggles in the third world .
in the magazines america was still deep in the great depression and jimmy christopher was a secret agent , codename " operator no . 5 " for the united states intelligence in a series of fast paced stories about america 's enemies who pledged war , death and bloody destruction in their efforts to take over america .
he pledged to continue running for governor on the conservative line if he lost the republican primary to weld .
in 1958 , the moroccan king mohammed v in an address at el ghizlan called for a renewal of the " everlasting allegiance " that saharan tribes had pledged to moulay hassan i and promised that morocco would mobilise itself to see the western sahara brought under moroccan rule .
minister for foreign affairs micheál martin has pledged additional money will be given to haiti from ireland in the future .
local taliban figures voiced opposition to the incoming force and pledged to resist it .
eldridge had endorsed barack obama for president , and was elected to be a pledged delegate for obama at the 2008 democratic national convention .
united family services was founded in 1882 by 100 religious and business leaders who pledged $ 25 a year each to support the work of the organization .
in 2004 , adb pledged up to $ 800 million in asian development fund ( adf ) loans and grants for 2005–2008 , while at the 2006 london conference indicated its intention to provide up to $ 200 million per year in adf funding through 2010 .
tong was in havana to attend a multilateral cuba - pacific summit , where attendees discussed " strengthening co - operation in health , sports and education " , and where cuba pledged assistance to pacific island countries in facing the effects of climate change .
the redevelopment of the university ’s sports grounds at bar end in winchester was completed in 2008 after sport england formally pledged the £ 908,514 funding required for the project ’s completion , in partnership with winchester city council .
despite the violence , craig pledged to continue the marches stating : " we are no longer protesting - we are demanding action . "
in his speech , he pledged " a new deal for the american people . "
some of the largest churches in the united states , including rick warren 's saddleback church , have pledged to pray for 60 million people with autism and asperger syndrome on autism sunday .
he won only 1,207 votes during the primary season and earned no pledged delegates in any of the caucuses or primaries .
although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate , they are not obligated to vote for them .
bush also pledged to bridge partisan gaps in the nation 's capital , claiming the atmosphere in washington stood in the way of progress on necessary reforms .
reagins pledged the theta upsilon chapter of phi beta sigma fraternity , inc. in 1988 , while attending california state university , fullerton .
£ 300million has been pledged to link heywood back to the national rail network , which would see services direct to manchester via castleton .
smither 's supporters pointed out to conservatives that he pledged to vote for republican leadership in the house .
this action would boost the firm 's reputation as an investment advisor because it pledged to no longer participate in hostile takeovers .
although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate , they are not obligated to vote for them .
in late medieval france , it is possible the practice of entering a legal contract of " enbrotherment " ( affrèrement ) provided a vehicle for civil unions between unrelated male adults who pledged to live together sharing ‘
upon waking up , tatsumaru lost his memory of his former life and pledged alliance to lady kagami and the burning dawn .
one of the most interesting provisions of the settlement privileges granted to jews was that a jew could not be made " gewährsmann , " that is , he could not be compelled to tell from whom he acquired any object which had been sold or pledged to him and which was found in his possession .
the treaty stipulated to return azov to the ottomans ; taganrog and several russian fortresses were to be demolished ; while the tsar pledged to stop interfering into the affairs of the polish - lithuanian commonwealth .
in the 2008 democratic presidential primary campaign , johnson pledged to support sen. hillary rodham clinton .
during the night , he went to the temple of odin and pledged to die in ten years time , if he was victorious against styrbjörn .
graham was elected premier under a platform called the " charter for change " , he pledged to focus on " the three es " : energy , education and the economy .
the philippine government and private sector pledged a combined sum of p15-million ( us$ 340,909 ) for any athlete competing in the games who would win the country its first gold medal .
when the news of alexander 's death reached saint petersburg on 1825 , nicholas duly pledged allegiance to constantine before alexander golitsyn , one of three persons entrusted with keeping the secret , could reach the winter palace .
forty - five countries pledged us$ 25.1 billion in " aid for the world 's poorest countries " , aid that goes to the world bank international development association ( ida ) which distributes the gifts to eighty poorer countries .
he also pledged to improve education , health and women 's rights , as well as decentralising and developing industry and tourism .
the plan to end tuition for students who pledged five years of public interest work was cut in favor of more flexible incentives , and the new holmes fellowship was introduced to provide funding for students engaged in public interest work .
nelson attempted to establish better relations with the government and its new health minister , graham richardson , and pledged to make aboriginal health and the effects of unemployment on health a high priority during his term , and would appoint a full - time worker based in canberra to look after these issues .
he confessed to setting a bomb which burned down the warehouse , and then suddenly claimed that he had once been a member of a group pledged to killing lord lloyd .
on february 10 , 2005 , north korea withdrew from the talks after president bush 's 2005 state of the union address , in which he stated that north korea 's nuclear program must be dismantled and pledged to go on the offensive against tyranny in the world .
britain , russia and austria were all pledged to support the tottering turkish empire and to force mehmet ali ( who had the support of france and spain ) to withdraw from syria .
they also pledged to fight against all forms of protectionism and to maintain trade and foreign investments .
the web site of the bundeswehr points out that loyalty is pledged not to a person , but rather to the country , a " novum " in german military history .
he pledged allegiance to the second caliph umar ibn khattab and helped him as a trusted advisor .
in the first , doctrinal , part of the document , lefebvre , in his own name and on behalf of the sspx promised fidelity to the catholic church and to the pope , accepted the doctrine contained in section 25 of the second vatican council ’s dogmatic constitution " lumen gentium " on the church ’s magisterium , pledged a non - polemical attitude of communication with the holy see on the problematic aspects of the vatican ii , recognized the validity of the revised sacraments and promised to respect the common discipline of the church and her law .
the new majority ( formed by 28 alternate deputies and 31 deputies from parties that support the referendum and assembly ) pledged to support the referendum on the constitutional assembly .
bear stearns pledged up to u.s. $ 3.2 billion in loans on june 22 , 2007 to bail out one of its hedge funds that was collapsing because of bad bets on sub - prime mortgages .
veinna and moscow signed their own treaty against sobieski 's policies , in which for the first time the external powers pledged to defend szlachta 's " liberities " , the guarantees of the commonwealth 's weakness .
in an attempt to reduce inter - tribal warfare on the plains , the government officials " assigned " territories to each tribe and pledged mutual peace .
moreover , all the great powers pledged to respect the independence and territorial integrity of the ottoman empire .
during the long months of preparation for the law suit , all of the parties involved were pledged to absolute silence for they realized a slip of the tongue could result in mrs. bates being fired before the suit was filed .
some who perceived the attack as desecration of the sikh shrine pledged revenge .
when deth , the high one 's harpist , finds out , he explains that another king , mathom of an , has pledged to marry his daughter raederle to the man who wins that crown from the ghost .
he is said to have visited the site more than 500 times , and through the foundation , pledged hk$800 million ( us$ 100 million ) to the hong kong university of science and technology in 2005 to support the initiative .
despite many offers , kavi pranshu , pledged the royalties of the song to ' war widows fund ' , and on 25 august 2005 , bombay high court , ordered , saregama ( hmv ) to pay rs 10 lakh as arrears in royalty due to the fund .
according to cbs news estimates , obama won 803 pledged delegates on super tuesday and clinton took 799 .
after meeting with him , he was convinced of the truth of his message and pledged fealty to muhammad .
of those 3,253 are pledged based on state 's primary ( or caucus ) results and 796 are superdelegates .
numerous opportunities exist in the fields of trade & commerce , energy , education , health and the ministers pledged to explore opportunities for trilateral cooperation in these areas .
in may 2006 , the party pledged to stay independent after several appeals to join québec solidaire , the ufp 's successor .
a great step forward was made in 1914 , when the prime minister of australia , sir joseph cook , pledged £ 1,000,000 from the commonwealth if each of the three states interested would spend a similar amount , which is what occurred .
in a meeting held on 9 november 1905 at the field and academic club , subodh chandra mullick pledged rupees one lakh for the foundation of a national university in bengal .
after the deposition of the group 's founder , hassan hattab , between 2001 and 2003 , various leaders of the group have pledged allegiance to al - qaeda .
the 78 pledged delegates were further divided into 51 district delegates and 27 state - wide delegates .
in 1461 , bürstadt was pledged to electoral palatinate , hence the chief with the bendy lozengy ( that is , made up of slanted diamonds of alternating tinctures ) pattern .
( 6 ) 1808 election : six electors from new york were pledged to vote for democratic republican james madison as president and george clinton as vice president .
in 1965 , goodman pledged to fund its construction , though the building would not be finished until 1978 .
in abidance with the current law the charro must be fully suited and be a full pledged member of mexico 's federación mexicana de charrería .
the primary election chose 40 pledged delegates to represent oklahoma at the 2004 democratic national convention .
the officers who came to power pledged to restore the uar and had kudsi arrested .
prime minister of the united kingdom tony blair called the ruling " an abuse of common sense " , while the conservative party leader david cameron pledged to reform british human rights legislation to prevent a recurrence of such situations .
he pledged never again to antagonize daniil romanovich and forswore making any future attempts on halych .
delegate eleanor holmes norton said the " blade " had been a " weekly must - read " , and pledged support for a new publication to serve washington 's lgbt community .
on january 24 , 2007 nigeria pledged a battalion ( a force between 770 and 1,100 troops ) to join the somali peacekeeping mission .
although ali pledged allegiance to him , ali disagreed with some of his policies .
zhang zuolin and dr. sun yat - sen pledged to defend zhejiang , expanding the conflict to the far north and south .
diefenbaker pledged to reduce taxes and castigated the liberals for not reducing taxes despite the government surplus .
to refinance loans to their members landschaften issued debentures that largely correspond with the present - day mortgage pfandbrief since the creditor acquired a direct claim over the estates the member had pledged as security .
as for central bankers , they pledged to maintain low - rates policies as long as necessary .
