invading forces plundered the city for several days , and a fire consumed part of the city ; in particular the jewish quarter was burned by the cossacks and many jews were killed .
the 18th century swedish privateer and pirate lars gathenhielm , and his wife and partner ingela hammar , are known to have sold in dunkirk much of the loot from ships plundered further east .
in 1573 the village was plundered by the turkish beg of esztergom ( strigonia ) .
while philipp vandenberg describes the coup as " adventurous and beyond comparison " , " time " magazine lists it among the " top 10 plundered artifacts " .
it was several times plundered by the saracens , and at last abandoned by the inhabitants in consequence of the malaria .
the town was conquered in 1396 , 1460 , 1525 , 1552 , several times in the thirty years ' war , and in 1689 and 1693 ( nine years ' war ) , sometimes getting plundered and set on fire in the process .
he plundered the ayrshire countryside for some days and then demanded financial penalties .
livingstone likewise returned to discover that his home had been plundered by the boer raiders .
on the angara river in 1701 he met and plundered a merchant 's boat loaded with chinese goods .
according to maspero ( " the struggle of the nations , " p. 773 ) , mahanaim was among the cities plundered by shishak during his invasion ( i kings 14:25 ) of israelitish territory .
in the royal resort of ulhu , the wine - cellar of the urartian kings was plundered ; wine was scooped up like water .
on the same day as his coronation in frankfurt , however , austrian troops occupied bavaria and hungarian hussars plundered munich .
the monastery is recorded for the first time in 819 , in a document mentioning its abbot , sentimir . plundered and destroyed ,
in 1509 the monastery was plundered by the moldovan hospodar bogdan iii cel orb .
if , by 8 a.m. you have not surrendered , the town will be bombarded by our artillery , stormed by 50,000 men , the garrison will be put to the sword and the town will be plundered during twenty - four hours . ”
hermocrates had plundered carthaginian possessions in sicily from selinus after 408 bc , and in response carthage sent and army to sicily under hannibal mago and himilco ii of the magonid family which faced a coalition of sicilian greeks under the leadership of syracuse .
the following day the byzantine army plundered their enemy 's abandoned encampment .
following this victory the huns invaded and plundered parts of eastern persia for two years .
from the time the story that the first settlers serbs by maria theresa as well as staparci , moved to the danube shore , that there would no longer robbed and plundered yawl .
in the following days 3000 people were massacred , and the city plundered by the germans .
according to british records , the gurjars plundered gunpowder and ammunition from the british and their allies .
in spite of these precautions a squadron of the turkish admiral barbarossa attacked and plundered the town some months later .
his armies invaded and plundered syria and asia minor , and in 608 advanced into chalcedon .
stockport was plundered on the 25th , and the besiegers of lathom house , utterly defeated at bolton on 28 may. soon afterwards , he received a large reinforcement under general george goring , which included 5,000 of newcastle 's cavalry .
with king huai in their hands , qin plundered chu through massive attacks and sacked the chu capital .
in 1808 - 09 they plundered gujarat , and in 1812 mirzapur .
at the end of world war ii the palace was plundered by the red army throughout the east prussian offensive in early 1945 .
then came the one - hour century against canterbury with eight sixes and five fours , as fiji plundered 344 from 65.3 overs in the second innings to set canterbury a challenging 217 - which they managed for the loss of eight wickets .
on november 4 , 1576 , spanish soldiers plundered the city .
as pizarro and his men took over portions of south america they plundered and enslaved countless people .
on january 20 , 1499 , habsburg troops occupied the surrounding valley and plundered the convent , but were soon driven back by the forces of the three leagues at the battle of calven .
however , his supporters maintained that they only plundered the hated catholic churches and monasteries .
in 1016 edmund atheling plundered shrewsbury and the neighbourhood .
blackbeard and bonnet weighed anchor and sailed northward to delaware bay , where they plundered eleven ships .
on 18 april 1800 a french privateer in the channel plundered the american vessel " a. b. c. " two hours before " spitfire " boarded her .
the oprichniks plundered it in response and by some accounts killed as many as 30,000 of its inhabitants .
eric also plundered in western estonia ( on " aðalsýsla " ) and the island of saaremaa ( on " eysýsla " ) .
but this produced further retaliation , and a venetian fleet of 72 ships plundered rhodes , chios , samos , lesbos , andros and captured kefalonia in the ionian sea .
in 913 and 944 , the rus plundered the arabs in the caspian sea during the caspian expeditions of the rus , but it 's not clear whether igor had anything to do with these campaigns .
during the first half of the 16th century it was twice plundered ; first by the french , and later by cornish rebels .
matthew wood anchored the innings with 111 off 127 balls , australian ian harvey plundered 69 from 48 , and harvey 's compatriot phil jaques took 49 from 39 .
hardly a decade later , however , hasluck essentially only found a tile - vaulted arch of the western abutment and an adjoining pier , the bridge having been plundered in the meantime for building material for the karabogha - boghashehr ( ) road .
" william burke plundered connaught , as well churches as territories ; but god and the saints took vengeance on him for that ; for he died of a singular disease , too shameful to be described . "
the village was endangered by a fire in 2007 that arrived from the south of the banks of the alfeios , flames plundered the forests around the area and changed its geographical shape to an ashy situation , some flames came from the souhtwest which included varvasaina and platanos .
around the 520s ohthere led a large raid to denmark and plundered the danish coast but a danish army was waiting for him led by two jarls , ohthere besieged the danish army and a battle broke out which was even the danish were reinforced and ohthere was defeated and killed in battle his corpse was taken back to sweden and buried in a mound .
shivaji had attacked bijapur repeatedly and plundered it but later agreed to an armistice to consolidate his forces to capture karnataka .
the majority of the turkish occupation troops were killed and the city was plundered .
he was then punished as the new south welshmen plundered 79 runs from his 14 overs , taking only the wicket of ginty lush as the hosts replied with 329 .
it sailed to sigtuna , a prosperous city at that time , and plundered it .
that tomb was plundered in antiquity , but in it were found many small ivory plaques , each with a hole for tying it to something , and each marked with one or more hieroglyph - type scratched images which are thought to be names of towns , perhaps to tie to offerings and tributes to keep track of which came from which town .
the hungarian queen had sent troops to claim braničevo in 1282 - 1284 , but her forces had been repelled and her vassal lands plundered in retaliation .
during the rebellion their combined forces took over rohtak completely from british forces for a while , and attacked and plundered the civil station , burning all official records .
in november 1576 , the spaniards plundered and partly burned antwerp , and plantin had to pay an exorbitant ransom .
they found shelter in the little port of pervily or pervilis ( beruwala or berberyn ) in the south - west of ceylon ; but here the legate fell into the hands of " a certain tyrant coya jaan ( khoja jahan ) , a eunuch and an accursed saracen , " who professed to treat him with all deference , but detained him four months , and plundered all the gifts and eastern rarities that he was carrying home .
duke eudes ( called king by some ) , collected his army at bordeaux , but was defeated , and bordeaux was plundered .
the vandals took advantage of the unrest and sailed up to rome , which they plundered in 455 .
a party of the tribe of jókhiah had fallen on the place and in open day­light plundered the quarter of mulah talahtí .
after disposing of all the loot , and finding that the demand for sables and other valuable things was undiminished , they purchased other plundered articles from the russian and east indian soldiers and sold these at a profit .
the church was plundered in 1447 , when solders of duke wilhem iii of saxony came through the area as part of the saxon brother war .
this tomb had been plundered several times by grave robbers .
in this area was located the village of adelshausen , which because of its exposed position before the city walls was frequently plundered and finally destroyed altogether .
castle is attacked , plundered and burned down by the knights hans pflug and hand selbitz , comrades - in - arms of götz von berlichingens .
it was plundered several times and has been heavily restored .
in mitchel 's letters to " the protestant farmers , labourers and artisans of the north of ireland , " mitchel demonstrated how england did not care about any religion and plundered protestants as well as catholics . " the pope , " he wrote , " we know is the ' man of sin , ' and the ' antichrist , ' and also , if you like , the ' mystery of iniquity , ' and all that ; but he brings no ejectments in ireland .
in the succeeding century , the town was repeatedly plundered by the franks and lombards , and was occupied by the saracens in 731 and by charles martel in 737 .
committee for plundered ministers .
in any case , in 1000 brian plundered the city , burned the norse fortress and expelled its ruler , king sigtrygg silkbeard .
they were able to open the gate and allow a much larger party in who set fire to the town and plundered its churches and homes leaving abergavenny castle intact .
in the rising of 1381 norwich was plundered by the insurgents under sir roger bacon of baconsthorpe .
during " the rough wooing " by henry viii of england , edward seymour as earl of hertford plundered the abbey in 1544 , then as protector somerset led a raid causing great damage to the buildings .
during the rebellion against maximilian of austria , beersel supported maximilian , and the castle was sieged , taken and plundered by the brusselians in 1489 .
on 12 january 1643 parliament proceeded to sequester him from the vicarage of st martin 's , and at the end of march following his books were seized ; he was also imprisoned , plundered , and forced to flee from london to remote parts of the country , where , it is said , he died in 1644 .
the tombs were plundered and the stones from the beautiful edifices were brought to limassol to be used for new constructions .
later , they made shore in secret , and plundered the burial site , where the bjarmians had erected an idol of their god " jomali " .
the iroquois plundered the fort 's stores , and denied some of the captives small pouches of ( sometimes valuable ) personal items .
since his reputation had been tainted and his foundation plundered , the rab - i rashidi began to decline after the death of rashid al - din in 1318 .
shortly afterwards , however , würzburg was also taken , and the charterhouse was plundered .
it was plundered in 1931 and then sold by the bishopric to an individual in 1936 , during the decade of 1940 it was in complete abandon as store of a workshop of mechanics .
note that tatars - mongols had plundered volhynian land by that .
pirates , who lured ships ashore and plundered them , used to live here .
kells abbey was plundered and pillaged by vikings many times in the 10th century , and how the book survived there is not known .
the largest structure from this time period is scarcely more than 8 meters high , and many of the preclassic building were plundered for stone materials for construction and lime making .
creticus not only failed in the task , but plundered the provinces he was supposed to protect from robbery ( sallust , " hist .
mangabarni entered into an alliance with the khokhars , and after defeating nasir - ud - din qabacha of multan , plundered sindh and northern gujarat and went away to persia .
gian paolo baglioni was lured to rome in 1520 and beheaded by leo x ; and in 1540 rodolfo , who had slain a papal legate , was defeated by pier luigi farnese , and the city , captured and plundered by his soldiery , was deprived of its privileges .
he escaped on horseback , but he was wounded , his secretary and the persian ambassador were killed and their goods were plundered .
the saga of olaf haraldson tells how olav haraldsson ( olaf ii of norway , also saint olaf ) , the king of norway , plundered in finland and almost got killed in the battle .
as a result , the grateful sicilians asked cicero to prosecute gaius verres , a governor of sicily , who had badly plundered sicily .
later , with the founding of the swedish race biology institute , sami were forcibly sterilized by the compulsory sterilization project and their graves were plundered to provide research material .
the paramara king siyaka ii plundered manyakheta and khottiga died fighting them .
in october 1643 parliament ordered ' that the committee for plundered ministers shall have power to enquire after malignant school - masters ' .
the palace was built to appease the king after they plundered a temple nearby .
when hafiz rahmat khan was killed , in april 1774 , they were defeated , and rohilkhand was plundered ; and later , the rohilla power east of the ganges was crushed , and the final treaty by which the territory was incorporated in awadh was concluded at lal dhang .
after leaving cyprus the muslim fleet headed towards the island of crete and then rhodes and plundered them with out much resistance .
emperor heraclius attempt to capture northern syria in 638 , with the aid of christian arabs of jazira , prompted muslims to invade jazira ( " mesopotamia " ) in 638 and captured it securing the eastern flank of syria from byzantine attacks in future , soon after occupation of jazira , muslim columns marched north in anatolia , invaded and plundered byzantine provinces of armenia , these were however only preemptive attacks on armenia to eliminate all byzantine presence north of syria , armenia was annexed in 643 during the conquest of persian empire .
the hval manuscript is now located at the university of bologna while hrvoje 's missal was plundered by the turks and taken to the topkapi sarai library in constantinople today 's istanbul ) , where it still remains .
certain mounds in these sites had been plundered by raiders in the late 1960s and the lydian treasures found in their burial chambers had been smuggled to united states which later had to cede them to turkish authorities after a series of negotiations .
the threat was significant , for the village of čachtice had previously been plundered by the ottomans while sárvár , located near the border that divided royal hungary and ottoman occupied hungary , was in even greater danger .
over the next few days , a mob demanded that a government warehouse be opened to them , and soldiers detained and plundered a train .
although " plundered hearts " was her only text adventure , amy briggs worked as a writer and editor on a number of other infocom projects : she did a major rewrite of " quarterstaff " , and helped to design " the flathead calendar " , the main feelie included with " zork zero " .
during this time ( 871–872 ) , ímar and amlaíb 's son oistín ( eysteinn ) plundered ireland " from east to west and from north to south " .
the rebels plundered the piklon town , and neighbouring villages such as chopra , bisraha and bisrai .
lorcán and his norse allies plundered brega in 863 , and in 864 conchobar mac donnchada , king of lagore ( southern brega ) and presumably an ally of flann against lorcán , was captured and drowned near clonard on amlaibhs order .
unfortunately , however , thutmose i 's remains would be disturbed late during the 20th dynasty when kv38 was plundered ; the sarcophagus ' lid was broken and all this king 's valuable precious jewellry and grave goods were stolen .
after a while these turned against the british and plundered the towns .
nineveh was a city of vast extent , and was then the center of the civilization and commerce of the world , a " bloody city all full of lies and robbery " ( nahum 3:1 ) , for it had robbed and plundered all the neighboring nations .
it would be little solace if our membership grew while our health suffered and our natural resources were plundered .
the yuan army crushed esen buqa 's resistance and plundered his winter quarters on the issyk kul as well as his summer residence in talas .
this was the time when somnath and the adjoining area was plundered by mahmud ghazni and reeled under the effects of his invasion .
groups overturned and burned streetcars , plundered the sports shops and carried off the guns .
once past aleppo , he encountered his first resistance from troops of iruleni , king of hamath , whom he defeated ; in retribution , he plundered both the palaces and the cities of iruleni 's kingdom .
in retaliation , ruaidhrí ballach then plundered killybegs .
in 1383 , english troops pillaged and plundered the village , on their rampages during the hundred years war .
many party officials also lapsed rapidly into corruption , taking their lead from göring , who looted and plundered both state property and wealth appropriated from the jews .
mehmed personally led an invasion of moldavia in 1476 , and his forces plundered the country up to suceava , stefan ’s capital .
the cemetery has been extensively plundered by " huaqueros " who have left human bones and pottery scattered around the area .
hazael ordered a retreat to the walled part of damascus while the assyrians plundered the remainder of the kingdom .
after finding what he considered proof that at least four american fishing ships had been captured , plundered , and even outfitted for war , duncan took seven prisoners aboard the " lexington " and charged them with piracy .
according to the legend , a local tavern ( sometimes said to be established by town father isaac storm ) ran out of wooden stirrers and started using roosters ' tails to stir their drinks ; a more embellished version holds that the roosters were plundered from nearby tory farmers .
england 's entry into the war later that year led to the french capture of calais , and french armies plundered spanish possessions in the low countries .
however , troops under prince maurice von simmern soon arrived and plundered dorchester and weymouth , dorset anyway , leading to heated words between cooper and prince maurice .
the gang plundered plantation storage bins and smokehouses of local elites .
in the 17th century the village was bought by the family of stanisław leszczyński , who started the construction of a new palace ; however , the works were stopped by the deluge when the forces of sweden captured the area and plundered it completely .
the french troops plundered ortelsburg on 23 december .
their palace was plundered and razed by the dutch .
in 103 bc , when tribune of the people , he accused quintus servilius caepio the elder of having brought about the defeat of his army by the cimbri through rashness , and also of having plundered the temple of tolosa .
they plundered " vici " as they went .
however , philomelos plundered the treasury of apollo to pay for mercenaries , thus raising a powerful army , but drastically altering the opinion of the other greek states .
this was the time when somnath and the adjoining area was plundered by mahmud ghazni and reeled under the effects of his invasion .
in 1572 , during the eighty years ' war , the abbey was plundered by the geuzen .
in the 9th century , it was invaded and plundered by the normans .
on their way home , the norsemen sailed along the guadalquivir river and plundered seville , destroying the city walls and burning the local mosque .
the merchant sailors then launched an expedition to retake the plundered " friendship " .
records of the year 1010 show grottole as a populous town with 13,000 inhabitants , but plagues and wars reduced the number to a little over 4,000 in 1133 when the town was siged and plundered by ruggero .
estimates are that 400 - 600,000 artifacts have been plundered .
in the following year , however , the republic incurred the enmity of napoleon by rendering aid to the russians and montenegrins in dalmatia ; and it was invaded by french troops , who plundered its villages , massacred its inhabitants , and finally deprived it of independence .
the looting of germany by the soviet union was not limited to official ' trophy brigades ' , but included many ordinary soldiers and officials who plundered for personal reasons .
in the 5th century the amphitheatre began to see its stone plundered by the local populace .
the french excavator , pierre montet discovered osorkon ii 's plundered royal tomb at tanis on february 27 , 1939 .
this accounts for the fact that the greeks were not acquainted with the city until alexander the great took and plundered it .
he plundered the ships for the valuable equipment onboard and took the children to sell as slaves .
via two surprise attacks ( 256 ) on roman naval bases in the caucasus and near the danube , numerous ships fell into the hands of the germans , whereupon the raids were extended as far as the aegean sea ; byzantium , athens , sparta and other towns were plundered and the responsible provincial fleets were heavily debilitated .
the former vizier 's property was plundered and he was tortured in his own iron maiden .
the trapped pagans plundered the serapeum ( rufinus & macmullen 1984 ) .
the arabs and western troops from baghdad , displeased at the choice , attacked the assembly , broke open the prison , and plundered the armory .
they frequently plundered the ships of the delhi sultans that plied the gulf of khambat .
in 198 bc it was plundered by the romans .
in 1918 , the monastery was disbanded by the bolsheviks who plundered more than five poods ( 2,600 troy ounces ) of gold in the monastery sacristy and disfigured its neoclassical belltower .
everything which they have time and means to move will be carried off to greece ; the turks will be plundered and burnt out of house and home " .
moldavian chronicle grigore ureche mentions that in 1584 , some moldavian villages from beyond the dnister in the polish territory were attacked and plundered by cossacks .
they excluded the monks who had sympathised with glyndwr and the abbey was plundered by the english army as a punishment .
in the religious wars of 1567 , the huguenots plundered the church and burned the local charters .
the assyrians returned the next year to babylonia and plundered the gods of uruk .
225 works of art were plundered from lvov art gallery during the german invasion , many of them were destroyed .
then jordan d'exeter and john butler and robin laigles and many others assembled and marched first to ballintober and thence to aghagower , and next day they plundered umall , north and south .
hearing from the inhabitants , we got to know the inhabitants had been plundered of their food and household goods by the chinese army , who also had forced the village men to work very hard .
murmansk ) , plundered many russian settlements along the coast , among them the archangel michael monastery .
during this uprising , the hungarian protestants plundered and destroyed the famous monastery of peri in 1703 .
the soldiers plundered of gunpowder , together with a few guns , blankets and kettles , before returning to their whaleboats at taconic falls .
at one point , lucca was plundered by odoacer , the first germanic king of italy .
in 1757 , at the battle of plassey , the british defeated the - then nawab siraj ud daulah and plundered the bengali treasury .
virtual possessions valued in the tens of thousands of usd have been destroyed or plundered through corporate espionage and piracy .
the first real excavation was in 1895 by englishmen bernard pyne grenfell and arthur surridge hunt , though they felt the area had been too plundered to produce anything of much value .
his house was plundered , and he was compelled to leave auxerre for some time .
during the times of the polish - lithuanian commonwealth , the karaims suffered severely during the chmielnicki uprising of 1648 and the wars between russia and poland in the years 1654 - 1667 , when many towns were plundered and burnt , including trakai , where in 1680 only 30 families were left .
at the behest of suleiman the magnificent the ottoman fleet attacked and plundered portuguese ships , fortifications and settlements in the indian ocean , asia and in east africa .
shortly thereafter , the religious wars followed , and in 1569 , the papists plundered the town , and the huguenots returned with vigor .
after the fall of the roman empire , various barbarians plundered the region around klis .
malmö was attacked and plundered by victual brothers in 1394 .
in 1621 , bavarian soldiers took up quarters in roßdorf and plundered the town .
from 1618 to 1648 the village was plundered again and again by the imperial , palatine , swedish , bavarian , and french troops .
after the re - conquest of sicily the byzantine province of calabria and the coast of italy and france were plundered .
his manuscripts were stored at the berlin singakademie which was plundered during the war .
the city had been plundered by the swedish , and had to be rebuilt .
the vikings plundered the settlement again in 1149 .
the three brothers joasaph ( yoasaf ) , david and theophanes ( teofan ) reconstructed the deserted and plundered rila monastery in 1453–1466 .
unfortunately , in 1144 a.h. ( 1731 a.d. ) a force of bróhís , in open contravention of the terms of the peace , invaded the land of káchhah and plundered that part of the country .
the plundered treasure was recovered , and basil left to return it to kazookistan , while brenda was supposed to return sage to his mother wanda .
the governor and his subordinate plundered in concert , until 78 bc when dolabella had to stand trial at rome .
in 407 bc , the greeks defeated the citizens of panormus ( killing 500 of them ) and plundered at will , retiring to selinus with their spoils .
the prince return back to his kingdom together with ecstatica planning to get married only to find out that his castle had been savagely pillaged and plundered and his people been brutally massacred by demons , goblins and human barbarians .
the native troops plundered the treasury and destroyed all the records .
in 1087 it was plundered by tselgou and solomon , kings of the patzinaces and of the hungarians .
the churches were later plundered by the danes travelling up the river shannon on their way to limerick .
settlers of the island saw much hardship during these years , as privateers from both sides frequently raided villages along grand manan 's east coast and plundered their belongings .
a total of 169 shops and houses had been plundered , among them the largest stores in the city .
the reasons for the sacking where that the central distribution office was plundered from blanco distribution cards which were necessary to get coupons for males who where hiding for the arbeitseinsatz ( compulsory labour in the german war industry ) which were using fake names .
in 1599 , they once again brought " war , theft and treachery " to the banks of the chusovaya river and kurya river and plundered the russian settlements there ( bahrushin,2:143 - 144 ) .
medieval churches of novgorod and pskov , with their unique 12th - century frescoes , were systematically plundered and reduced to piles of rubble .
the city of seattle made him a millionaire , " wrote speidel , " yet he sued it ... fought it ... plundered it ... and on two occasions he brought it to the brink of bankruptcy . "
nottinghamshire outlaws plundered runs off the lancashire lightning fast bowlers at trent bridge , to recover from their first - game loss to leicestershire .
in 1024 ad , chandravati was attacked and plundered by mahmud ghazni when he passed through rajasthan to attack anahilavada .
in 800 the danes plundered tynemouth priory , and afterwards the monks strengthened the fortifications sufficiently to prevent the danes from succeeding when they attacked again in 832 .
in his letter hugo hoped that one day france would feel guilty and return what it had plundered from china .
the property of the church was plundered and the greek cypriots were forced to pull down the upper storeys of their houses , an order that remained in force until the british put the island under their control almost sixty years later .
chonai was plundered twice by local independent warlords backed by the turks ( by theodoros mankaphas in late 1180s and by pseudo - alexios in 1192 ) .
they made then great raids on the galls , aed son of ruaidri and the men of west connacht plundering the young son of william and adam duff , while donn oc and the sons of magnus with the new levies of sil murray plundered mac gosdelb and tir maine as far as athlone . "
hundreds of millions of francs worth of this gold was monetary gold plundered from the central banks of occupied countries .
on january 25 , 1588 , the day after the battle of byczyna , polish troops under jan zamoyski plundered kreuzburg .
during the ensuing " stecklikrieg " farmers from the surrounding area plundered the town 's armory .
afterwards they plundered the monastery of auhausen .
vogt theodoric of samland and his militia sacked two river forts and plundered a large amount of treasure and goods .
binnya kyan invited king thihathu of ava to invade the kingdom but became disillusioned with his alliance when ava 's troops plundered and looted towns .
when taken by stirling , she was a privateer with 22 guns carrying a valuable cargo plundered from spanish american cities and ships .
the vikings also plundered the church of sláine in 834
it was visited both by latins and sabines even in the time of tullus hostilius and was plundered by hannibal in 211 bce .
sargon plundered the fertile lands at the southern and western shore of lake urmia , felling orchards and burning the harvest .
in the 15th and 16th centuries , the ' native ' clans of the lennox — the macaulays , macfarlanes , and colquhouns — raided and plundered each other 's lands and combined to sweep the lowlands of its flocks and herds .
jordanes claims , however , that aemilian 's troops plundered roman territory , rather than keep the tribute of the goths .
but this attack forced allauddin to strengthen his defenses at the borders which enabled him to keep the mongols away – ali beg and tartaq and their army – after they attacked and plundered punjab and amroha .
the city was plundered by french forces in 1553 , and by british forces under christopher myngs in 1662 .
after lunch , the seamers were nowhere near as effective , and dilshan plundered runs with ease .
thereafter , the franciscans all but abandoned the mission , taking with them most everything of value , after which the locals plundered many of the mission buildings for construction materials .
they also plundered the local treasury and seized the assets of the killed state officers .
he destroyed , pillaged and plundered a myriad lands across the world , right alongside them .
on 24 november 1599 huilliches destroyed and plundered valdivia .
due to the constant danger posed by marauding bands of moros who plundered the coastal settlements and kidnapped a number of its inhabitants , the village heads soon got together and formed a junta .
particularly , rajas of richhbehn ruthlessly plundered the hard - earned ancestral land in a very short span of time and sold out their property , so much so that they did not spare their houses even .
in recent years , nicholls ' dominance has extended across the irish sea and his horses have plundered ireland 's most valuable jumping prizes with increasing regularity .
perceived as an act of war by the hackensack it was later plundered and destroyed .
he left a huge treasure behind , which was consequently plundered , as his family members had mostly been arrested by the king 's men .
during the spring of 1862 , union forces came upon taylor 's plantation , called fashion , and plundered it .
the abbey was plundered by vikings in 824 ad and refounded in the 12th century by augustinian canons .
according to gentleman 's quarterly : " his lordship had injured his character in his life by seduction , so that the populace paid no regard to his memory when dead , but plundered the room where his body lay the moment it was removed " .
at easter of the same year a group under the command of " frederic prince of ostrog " , jakub nadobny from rogów and jan kuropatwa from łańcuchów średniawa , attacked jasna góra monastery , plundered it and destroyed icon of black madonna of częstochowa .
however , when philomelos plundered the treasury of apollo to pay for mercenaries , thus raising a powerful army , the situation changed .
in 1719 , in the last years of the war , sweden was invaded by the russian army which burned several cities and plundered villages along the coasts .
the king 's body was found , lying face downwards in the mud , plundered of everything but his shirt .
parmardidev retreated to kalinjar , from where he as brought back as prisoner by a general of the chauhan armya who stormed and plundered the fort of kalinjar .
during the thirty years ' war tilly 's troops , more than others , destroyed and plundered dossenheim in 1622 .
in april 1945 the red army occupied oberwart after a week of fierce fighting and plundered the half - destroyed town .
they plundered the countryside , and the next day defeated a combined tanagran and theban army , but returned to athens after the victory .
on the defeat of archil , racha was overrun and plundered by an ottoman punitive force .
after the germans stormed and plundered the magyar camp , the raiders set out for hungary .
282 people were killed , 534 stores and houses were burnt , and goods estimated at 3.6 million yuan were plundered .
though it had been plundered , the library retained a fairly large collection .
the defeat of king harold godwinson at the battle of hastings was attributed to the vengeance of saint gwynllyw because he and his troops had plundered gwynllyw 's church recently while attacking the nearby kingdom of gwent .
in order to revenge , the duchess ordened to sigismund of rachenau , castellan of chałupki plundered and burned the monastery of henryków in 1438 .
because sir francis drake ( or el draque ) is now recognized as a well - known pirate , having raided ships and plundered towns , a perennial local movement calls for renaming the roadway after local musician jerry garcia .
this eventually led to conflict , first in 1563 during the nordic seven years ' war ( after which jämtland was put under the diocese of nidaros ) , then in 1611 during the kalmar war when villages were burned to the ground and plundered , churches were destroyed and the population was assaulted .
it decreed that those who were under the special protection of the pope or emperor were to be inviolable , and that proper obedience be rendered to the pope and his officials ; that church property was not to be plundered after the death of a pope ; that only those to whom the right had been given by the deceased pope stephen iii , in 769 , should take part in papal elections ; that two commissioners were to be appointed , the one by the pope and the other by the emperor , who should report to them how justice was administered , so that any failure in the administration might be corrected by the pope , or , in the event of his not doing so , by the emperor ; that the people should be judged according to the relevant law ( roman , salic , or lombard ) they had elected to live under ; that its property be restored to the church ; that robbery with violence be put down ; that when the emperor was in rome the chief officials should appear before him to be admonished to do their duty ; and , finally , that all must obey the roman pontiff .
it was apparently plundered soon after the collapse of the copán kingdom .
the early accounts claim he took bribes and plundered the public treasury .
soon , however a civil war erupted , as henry de trastamara and his brother , at the head of a mob , invaded ( sabbath , may 7 , 1355 ) that part of the juderia of toledo called the alcana ; they plundered the ware - houses and murdered about 12,000 persons , without distinction of age or sex .
most jewish shops were plundered and then closed down ; over 6000 jews were arrested in this one night , the majority were deported to the dachau concentration camp in the following days .
the haitians boarded and plundered these two vessels , carrying them off away from the " experiment " .
after that he plundered several villages of northern poland and cities such as sandomierz , zawichost and kraków .
soon afterwards , the site was plundered and destroyed by orchid hunters .
in the absence of louis - roch de forbin villagers plundered the castle which was then added to the national property confiscated by the new regime .
however some members of parākramabāhu 's army are known to have disregarded his commands and broken open house doors in polonnaruwa , plundered goods and stole raiment and ornaments from the people of the city .
the swiss camped three days at the battlefield and plundered and burned the villages in the area .
while at yivo , nadler led international jewish efforts to repatriate libraries , archives and torah scrolls in lithuania that had been plundered and confiscated by the nazis , and later held by soviet authorities .
in addition , several hundred houses and many businesses were plundered and destroyed .
all the reserves of neskuchnoye had been plundered , so the family suffered from hunger .
roughly 10 jin cities were plundered by the mongols and chinggis khan ordered a tribute of 500 males , 500 virgins and 3000 horses to be taken back to the mongolian plains .
