he was an admirer of dylan thomas and also cesare pavese , whose book he held in his hand when he committed suicide by poisoning himself with gas .
it included ‘ bombarding villages … setting fire to homes , properties and goods , expulsion , demolition and planting mines among the rubble to prevent any of the expelled inhabitants from returning.’ pappe catalogues actions such as poisoning of the water supply of acre with typhoid , numerous cases of rape , atrocities , and dozens of massacres .
this appointment occurred just before a serious outbreak of e. coli poisoning in walkerton , ontario , in which several people died following the contamination of the town 's water supply .
chanteau is unable to get past her resentment , and accuses pauline of poisoning her when she attempts to nurse her .
this has led to fluorosis ( a form of fluoride poisoning that affects the bones and teeth ) in areas of high brick tea consumption , such as tibet .
it is thought to be responsible for fatal poisoning , therefore it should not be eaten .
apparently , there is no risk of poisoning from it .
poisoning water necessary for survival is in all cases forbidden .
in the middle of the tour allen was hospitalized with food poisoning , missing the end of the tour .
the cause of death was heavy metal poisoning .
it was later determined that diana & herman died because of carbon monoxide poisoning .
fugu poisoning .
although measurement of the reduction potential in aqueous solutions is relatively straightforward , many factors limit its interpretation , such as effects of solution temperature and ph , irreversible reactions , slow electrode kinetics , non - equilibrium , presence of multiple redox couples , electrode poisoning , small exchange currents and inert redox couples .
when his father namri songtsen died by poisoning ( circa 618 , ) songtsän gampo took control , after putting down a brief rebellion .
the use of lead acetate as a sweetener eventually produced lead poisoning in any individual ingesting it habitually .
the " laws of manu , " a hindu treatise on statecraft ( ca 400 bc ) forbids the use of poison and fire arrows , but advises poisoning food and water .
later that year , emperor gaozong began to suffer from an illness that carried the symptoms of painful headache and loss of vision , generally thought to be hypertension - related , but which some historians thought might be slow - poisoning by empress wu , and he began to have empress wu make rulings on the petitions by the officials .
after investigation , she discovers a systematic cover - up of the industrial poisoning ( hexavalent chromium ) of the town of hinkley 's water supply that threatens the health of an entire community .
acute and chronic , cumulative poisoning is often fatal .
laura is afflicted with blood poisoning , so sam , brian , and j.d. search for penicillin in a russian cargo ship that drifted inland .
in 1886 he followed the poisoning trial of adelaide bartlett for the murder of her husband edwin .
he died of a massive heart attack or a ruptured splenic artery aneurysm , following blood poisoning and bronchial pneumonia , at 10:35 p.m. on monday , september 19 , 1881 , in long branch , new jersey .
rabbit starvation , also referred to as protein poisoning or mal de caribou , is a form of acute malnutrition caused by excess consumption of any lean meat ( e.g. , rabbit ) coupled with a lack of other sources of nutrients usually in combination with other stressors , such as severe cold or dry environment .
it has also been associated with ciguatera poisoning .
materia medica may also include accidental poisoning and some information from clinical treatment .
symptoms of laburnum poisoning may include intense sleepiness , vomiting , convulsive movements , coma , slight frothing at the mouth and unequally dilated pupils .
although he barely survives with dayu 's aid , he continues to defy doukoku by making sure that takeru is at his strongest for their next fight , even curing him of shitari 's poisoning .
her father , detective inspector gordon arthur pullman , another police officer , committed suicide in 1975 by carbon monoxide poisoning , when sandra was 14 , while under investigation for corruption by jack halford .
( see cadmium poisoning ) " average annual intake of uranium by adults is estimated to be about 0.5 mg ( 500 μg ) from ingestion of food and water and 0.6 μg from breathing air .
in the 1889 poisoning trial of florence maybrick in liverpool , england , one of the witnesses against her was also named " mathilda briggs " .
in the united states , overdose exposure to all formulations of vitamins was reported by 62,562 individuals in 2004 ( nearly 80% of these exposures were in children under the age of 6 ) , leading to 53 " major " life - threatening outcomes and 3 deaths ; a small number in comparison to the 19,250 people who died of unintentional poisoning of all kinds in the u.s. in the same year ( 2004 ) .
polansky was closely involved in a further exposé of inaction regarding the continuing lead poisoning of roma in mitrovica .
ergotism is the effect of long - term ergot poisoning , traditionally due to the ingestion of the alkaloids produced by the " claviceps purpurea " fungus which infects rye and other cereals , and more recently by the action of a number of ergoline - based drugs .
the oil is used for falling hair , sulfur poisoning , and dryness of the throat .
defying the prophecy , sodam yat is able to survive , but vastly weakened , he is left with a new sense of mortality : even as ion , he must now wear and keep charged a power ring , using all its power to keep his body from succumbing to lead poisoning .
poisoning by cyanide figures prominently in crime fiction , for example agatha christie 's " sparkling cyanide " ( also entitled " remembered death " ) and " and then there were none " .
" 1990 " childhood lead poisoning , a preventable epidemic that overwhelmingly affects poor african american and latino children , is the subject of a precedent setting case filed on behalf of an african american family .
for several years after retiring she struggled with bulimia , alcohol abuse , and drugs , a problem she shared with fellow bodybuilding competitor laura combes who died of acute alcohol poisoning .
poisoning from fool 's parsley showed symptoms of heat in the mouth and throat and a post - mortem examination showed redness of the lining membrane of the gullet and windpipe and slight congestion of the duodenum and stomach .
traditional medicine practitioners of madagascar have long believed " dracaena reflexa " to cure malarial symptoms , poisoning , dysentery , diarrhea , dysmenorrhea , and to be useful as an antipyretic and hemostatic agent .
martin finally confesses that the killer is a childhood friend of his and fellow diver who was shunned by society after a job at a chemical company caused him to be disfigured by uranium hexaflouride poisoning .
in the end , 39 miners succumbed to the smoke and carbon monoxide poisoning .
marina meets him when she attempts to help one of his patients , a girl who got lead poisoning from working at a pottery .
the goblin formula was damaged by the explosion , and while it had increased his strength , it was also lethally poisoning him .
the coventry trio said that they were forced to pull out of their performance on 11 july because their singer tom fell ill due to lily poisoning .
however , it can also be pathologically altered in e.g. carbon monoxide poisoning .
furthermore , a wood 's lamp may be used to rapidly assess whether a subject is suffering from ethylene glycol poisoning as a consequence of antifreeze ingestion .
according to the recent book , jazz and death : medical profiles of jazz greats , the author , m.d. frederick j. spencer ( also a coroner ) went back and analyzed rollini 's death along with many other jazz greats , and discovered rollini truly died of mercury poisoning .
tetrodotoxin poisoning can result in the victim being fully aware of his surroundings but unable to breathe .
poisoning usually occurs when there is a shortage of available grasses such as in drought or snowfalls .
stan was revealed to be the real culprit behind the poisoning .
her best known monographs are " digital hemlock : internet education and the poisoning of teaching " ( 2002 ) and " the university of google " ( 2007 ) , which both focus on building an information scaffold for students managing the information age .
symptoms of exposure and poisoning to it are eye and skin irritation , as well as sensitization .
while there , donaldson reported that he believed one of his neighbors in philadelphia might be poisoning his food .
later that same day , 909 inhabitants of jonestown , 276 of them children , died of apparent cyanide poisoning , mostly in and around a pavilion .
the latter genus includes the destroying angel " ( a. virosa ) " and the death cap " ( a. phalloides ) " , the most common cause of deadly mushroom poisoning .
the purpose of this mechanism to create no is thought to be both sterilization of swallowed food , to prevent food poisoning and to maintain gastric mucosal blood flow .
on october 24 , 2003 , rosie died on a bus from possible carbon monoxide poisoning .
wythe was a distinguished man who attended the philadelphia convention in 1775 and signed the declaration of independence in 1776 ; in 1806 , he died of arsenic poisoning .
liu zong then poisoned liu ji 's drink , and liu ji died of poisoning .
in 1934 the trinidad and tobago government began a program of vampire bat control , shooting , netting , trapping and poisoning , while encouraging the screening off of livestock buildings and free vaccination programs for exposed livestock .
but popular legends do not speak of these practices , instead mentioning kissing " the devil 's arse " or an animal 's genitals , occasional poisoning of crops , bothering modest women ( in the shape of cats or other animals ) and anointing their bodies with some product ( possibly based on stramonium or other psychoactive plant ) to " fly " to and from the akelarre and perform other supposed feats .
historically the poisoning was associated with " rhododendron luteum " and " rhododendron ponticum " found around the black sea .
the decision to join oceana 's campaign was prompted by the mercury - poisoning experience of a friend and the fact that she is a mother of two .
deaths have resulted due to alcohol poisoning via enema .
according to a prosecutor , the fact that the deceased died almost immediately indicated carbon monoxide poisoning was likely .
when dexter was 19 , harry fell seriously ill and gave dexter " permission " to kill one of his nurses , who was intentionally poisoning him with morphine .
ironically , he died not from the quack remedy , but rather he cut his lip on the bottle cap and died from lead poisoning .
the judge , who becomes sympathetic , allows him to enlarge on his motives , and he delivers a long address on the suffering of the common people and the need to destroy the deadly spirit poisoning japan .
the bangladeshi government had spent less than $ 7 million of the 34 million allocated for solving the problem by the world bank in 1998 .. natural arsenic poisoning is a global threat , 140 million people affected in 70 countries on all continents .
another source of poisoning is exposure to the organic solvent dichloromethane , found in some paint strippers .
while the likelihood of lead poisoning is very high , the deafness associated with it seldom takes the form that beethoven exhibited .
it emitted arsenic - containing air , resulting in patients with chronic arsenic poisoning producing skin changes , skin cancers and sometimes lung cancer .
it is an effective protection against some same subnet based attacks such as arp poisoning , rogue dhcp servers and spoofed mac addresses .
soon after , john dies from blood poisoning caused by a shaving cut , and henry tries to cope with the loss .
henry hall , who was 84 or 94 at the time , died from lead poisoning because of the molten lead from the lantern roof he had ingested fighting the fire .
postmortem exams confirmed that barium poisoning was the cause of death .
after repeated pleas from the resident commissioner , sir melmoth osborn , the king moved to eshowe , where he died a few months later , possibly by poisoning .
she spends the day exhausted , however , and the next day becomes bedridden from the long - term effects of radiation poisoning .
it is figured out rosa died from poisoning , after drinking a poisoned drink meant for severo .
together with her first husband john marshall , she subsequently solved the problem of xenon poisoning at the hanford plutonium production site and supervised the construction and operation of hanford 's plutonium production reactors .
with this added security , dns security issues like ddos , cache poisoning are addressed .
amalgam was found to be a cheap and long lasting substance to fill teeth with , but the danger of mercury poisoning was overlooked or ignored .
but she secretly planted a homing device on him , leading her to earth during bumblebee & bulkhead 's first halloween , poisoning them before abducting sari sumdac with optimus in pursuit .
he commits suicide by poisoning there , unlike the real graham young , who died of a heart attack .
poisoning symptoms include delirium .
the darwin awards lists one category of its dubious winners under the heading " testosterone poisoning . "
british toxicologist professor john henry of st mary 's hospital in london declared the changes in yushchenko 's face were due to chloracne , which result from dioxin poisoning .
he would later die of radiation poisoning during a zodiac raid on the department h headquarters , to be replaced by a new , kinder administrator .
later , campion finds william in the corridor , his hand badly cut ; he almost faints , and campion suspects mild poisoning .
when lar gand / valor ; a daxamite , is suffering from lead poisoning , he loses his memory and is manipulated into fighting for entertainment by a corrupt businessman .
he died of blood poisoning in amalienborg palace in 1848 and was interred in roskilde cathedral .
maurice suffered blood poisoning from the wound and succumbed soon after his release from captivity .
most pesticides work by poisoning pests .
while billy 's wife valencia is driving to the hospital where billy is being treated , she crashes her car and dies of carbon monoxide poisoning outside the hospital .
this is all seen in supergirl # 35 as zor - el is using a machine to purge kara of the kryptonite poisoning she sustained after her ship had been trapped in a giant kryptonite asteroid .
she runs off , still reliving the horrors of the attack , including finding her little sister 's blackened body and watching her older sister die of radiation poisoning two months later .
upon drinking the water which appeared crystal clear , sahadeva died instantly of poisoning .
tyson was the first to appear for questioning , and related the friction between hall , budington , and bessels , and hall 's deathbed accusations of poisoning .
who in the midst of indulging in arson , murder , and poisoning an entire ashram of orphans , also gets to do the song and dance routine .
in 1556 news came that porzia had died , and bernardo suspected her brother of poisoning her with the object of getting control over her property .
greenpeace campaigners were preparing the former north sea fishing trawler for the environmental group 's biggest - ever protest voyage to mururoa , one which they hoped would alert the world over france 's nuclear testing and radioactive poisoning of the oceans .
poisoning events due to a gas produced by certain micobes was assumed to be associated with the arsenic in paint .
of course , the reasons for possible poisoning of władysław were to warning the emperor to leave italy if he could escape from a similar fate , which in fact occurred .
although the fall is not too serious , emily 's foot is pierced by a pair of scissors and she nearly dies of blood poisoning .
pesticide poisoning is an important occupational health issue because pesticides are used in a large number of industries , which puts many different categories of workers at risk .
african scholar maulana karenga puts slavery in the broader context of the maafa , suggesting that its effects exceed mere physical persecution and legal disenfranchisement : the " destruction of human possibility involved redefining african humanity to the world , poisoning past , present and future relations with others who only know us through this stereotyping and thus damaging the truly human relations among peoples . "
patients who survive an episode of botulism poisoning may have fatigue and shortness of breath for years and long - term therapy may be needed to aid their recovery .
this was handled by dr roche lynch , who found the mother had also died of morphine poisoning .
in distant germany , philip 's death was spoken of as a retribution for his destruction of the templars , and clement was described as shedding tears of remorse on his death - bed for three great crimes , the poisoning of henry vi , and the ruin of the templars and beguines .
many credit the lack of fish to ash and charcoal washing into the lake poisoning the fish .
" acute radiation poisoning , 100% fatality after 7 days ( ld 100/7 ) .
pyke soon became ill , he nearly died of double pneumonia and he suffered repeatedly from food poisoning .
symptoms of poisoning .
the opposition insisted that inoculation was poisoning , and they urged the authorities to try boylston for murder .
some of the symptoms of the sufferers can be attributed to ergot poisoning , or ergotism , known in the middle ages as " st. anthony 's fire " .
the coroner 's court recorded a verdict of accidental death due to corrosive poisoning by carbon tetrachloride , with no explanation of how the poison came to be in the bottle .
hasan al - askari 's funeral was attended by many people , including the abbasid caliph al - mu'tamid who is accused of being secretly responsible for the poisoning of hasan al - askari .
arsenic poisoning occurs after long - term exposure to contaminated groundwater through drinking .
however , prudence must dictate that any sort of experimental wood gasifier design or new construction be thoroughly tested outdoors , and only outdoors , with a " buddy " at all times , and with constant vigilance for any sign of headache , drowsiness , or nausea , as these are the first symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning .
basing died of blood poisoning in morocco after a camel stepped on his foot .
" most estimates concerning the extent of acute pesticide poisoning have been based on data from hospital admissions which would include only the more serious cases .
one of the most high - profile dry campus decrees came in late 2004 , when a university of oklahoma student died from alcohol poisoning following a party at the sigma chi fraternity .
ancient greek and roman historians describe recipes for poisoning projectiles and historical battles in which poison arrows were used .
later , annie 's husband finally arrives home to find his wife 's dead body in her car , dead from carbon monoxide poisoning caused from the still running car , with the hitchhiker 's sign showing his targeted destination ( reading dover ) .
her writing prowess suggests that she did not suffer from the mental degeneration of late stages of syphilis , nor from cerebral poisoning due to mercury treatments .
airwork was aware that fred " popeye " lucas had conducted aerial seeding as well as rabbit poisoning and discussed the possibility of dropping seeds with fertiliser ( as pritchard had done ) with ces worrell , a grain and seed merchant .
during the stalinist phase under khorloogiin choibalsan in the late thirties , two prime ministers , peljidiin genden and anandyn amar were brought to the soviet union and executed there , while demid allegedly died from food poisoning in a russian train .
starlings were killed in a slow , " nonviolent " death by uremic poisoning and congestion of major organs .
the alexander litvinenko poisoning with radioactive polonium " represents an ominous landmark : the beginning of an era of nuclear terrorism , " according to andrew j. patterson .
never of strong constitution and the subject of much ill health during his army career , his remaining three years were spent quietly in a state of semi - invalidism in washington , where he died of uremic poisoning , on november 3 , 1912 .
following a long illness smith took his own life in 1968 by cyanide poisoning .
treatment for poisoning includes gastrointestinal decontamination with activated charcoal followed by supportive care including antiemetics for persistent nausea and vomiting , along with atropine for treatment of bradycardia and fluid replacement and vasopressors for the treatment of hypotension .
darvocet overdose is commonly broken into two categories : liver toxicity ( from paracetamol poisoning ) and dextropropoxyphene overdose .
as the medical investigation continued , doctors suspected poisoning and authorities were notified .
more horrifying than this were epidemics of poisoning , caused by people eating treated seed grains .
once , after attending a feast in the palace , he became afflicted with food poisoning , and he became convinced that there was poison in his food , and from that point on refused to see yang tong any more .
there were even days when dunant insisted that the cook of the nursing home first taste his food before his eyes to protect him against possible poisoning .
as a result , they understood that their " proof of poisoning " would always be questioned or ridiculed by those serving france .
although superman initially tried to investigate himself , his efforts were hampered by a bout of kryptonite poisoning , and steel was forced to contact batman to help the investigation .
brock vomits , accuses the amazon shaman of poisoning him , then collapses to the floor .
after years of living like this , karen eventually began to succumb to radiation poisoning caused by the nuclear radiation she had been exposed to years earlier .
alice gets inside the garage and finds heffer , sitting in his running car , attempting to kill himself with carbon monoxide poisoning .
the books emphasized diseases common to sri lanka ( including organophosphate poisoning and krait envenomation ) .
current - day mercury cell plant operations are criticized for environmental release of mercury leading in some cases to severe mercury poisoning as occurred in ontario minamata disease .
the case is also generally suspected to be the impetus for wilkie collins ' 1875 novel " the law and the lady " , though the only main similar feature being the problem of the not proved verdict and arsenic poisoning as a device for murder .
a carbon monoxide detector or co detector is a device that detects the presence of the carbon monoxide ( co ) gas in order to prevent carbon monoxide poisoning .
at the end of november , the dramatist , who was only fifty years old , became sick with anthrax , and not two weeks later died as a result of blood poisoning .
according to the fragmentary chronicle of john of antioch , a 7th century monk tentatively identified with john of the sedre , syrian orthodox patriarch of antioch from 641 to 648 in 470 anthemius suffered a " serious sickness " due to witchcraft , presumably poisoning .
ingestion of " cicuta " can be fatal in humans and there are reports in the medical literature of severe poisoning and death as early as 1670 .
poisoning of other " non - target " organisms ( wildlife , bees ) .
there is also the risk of internal radiation poisoning by ingestion of fallout particles .
he said that carbon monoxide poisoning was the likely cause of death .
hayes later said that the pain of her illness caused her to contemplate suicide , and that her symptoms were not taken seriously by doctors . reading a medical book about the metal poisoning of factory workers
the ground water in the local area is known to contain arsenic compounds , and the illness is now believed to have been caused by arsenic poisoning incurred when residents of the area inhaled the vapor of the boiling arsenic - contaminated water .
guilford and some others suffered an attack of food poisoning , because of " a mistake made by a cook , who plucked one leaf for another . "
a father and daughter of mckeesport were killed by carbon monoxide poisoning after improperly using a domestic petrol generator after a power outage./ on the february 7 two children drowned trying to cross the swollen chapulin river in the central state of guanajuato , and other childhood deaths occurred in angangueo , zitácuaro , and ocampo .
contact with concentrated tel leads to the familiar symptoms of acute lead poisoning .
likewise , any person entering the contaminated area during the final stages of the becoming will suffer physical damage similar to radiation poisoning and quickly die .
steph agreed , but lou found out and blackmailed lyn into making him manager of harold 's store , into giving him a pay rise and allowing him to have the master bedroom and en suite , otherwise he would report her for poisoning the deb ball .
rumors spread that they caused the disease by deliberately poisoning wells .
all fueled lanterns are somewhat hazardous due to the danger of handling flammable and toxic fuel , danger of fire or burns from the high temperatures involved , and potential dangers from carbon monoxide poisoning if used in an enclosed environment .
this is due to factors including poor weather , poisoning by agricultural pesticides , lack of mud for nest building and competition with house sparrows for nest sites .
he died of from blood poisoning related to bright 's disease in london .
two weeks before his poisoning , alexander litvinenko accused vladimir putin of ordering the assassination of russian journalist anna politkovskaya and stated that a former presidential candidate irina hakamada warned politkovskaya about threats to her life coming from russian president .
later , before adams ' trial in 1957 , the director of public prosecutions 's office compiled a table of patients who had been treated with megimide and daptazole for barbiturate poisoning between may 1955 and july 1956 at saint mary 's hospital in eastbourne , where adams had worked one day a week as an anaesthetist .
ground processed meat was also used in greece until the 1970s , but it was banned after several cases of food poisoning attributed to substandard storage .
the data indicates that severe liver damage in " amanita phalloides " poisoning can be prevented effectively when administration of silybin begins within 48 hours of mushroom intake .
within a day , the first symptoms of mustard poisoning had appeared in 628 patients and medical staff , with symptoms including blindness and chemical burns .
the building was not demolished at first because of asbestos poisoning concerns .
the next morning , as rodney and grandad decide to leave for auntie rose 's cottage in clacton , and pauline goes shopping for her wedding ring , del gets a phone call from trigger , who tells him that bobby finch died of food poisoning .
in 2001 oleg basilashvili starred in karen shakhnazarov ’s comedy " yady , ili vsemirnaya istoriya otravleniy " ( poisons or the world history of poisoning ) ( 2001 ) .
they noted that there was strong disagreement concerning whether or not baby amber had died of digoxine poisoning .
after poisoning captain nikolai and his crew , renard and his men seize their submarine and begin processing the plutonium .
in adults , occupational exposure is the main cause of lead poisoning .
however , due to the delay between ingestion and the first symptoms of poisoning , it is commonplace for patients to arrive for treatment many hours after ingestion , potentially reducing the efficacy of these interventions .
but , in many cases this numbness of the lips is only the first step of a lethal fugu poisoning .
those not killed or vaporized in the initial blast suffered terrible radiation poisoning and death in the aftermath .
it was reported that the illness in elephants were due to poisoning .
other exclusive stories are christ statue in bohol church found bleeding , food poisoning , carabao beauty pageants and youngest mayor in the philippines .
then , he informs rené that he is believed to be responsible for the poisoning and is to be shot .
in this alternate reality , bedford falls is called pottersville and is home to nightclubs and pawn shops ; bailey park was never built ; mr. gower was convicted of poisoning the child and spent many years in prison ; martini ( william edmunds ) no longer owns the bar ; violet ( gloria grahame ) is a dancer who gets arrested as a pickpocket ; uncle billy has been in an insane asylum for years ; harry is dead , since george was not around to save him , and the soldiers harry would have saved also died ; mrs. bailey is a hardened widow running a boarding house , and mary is an unmarried librarian .
a recent report named east omaha " one of the most dangerous toxic waste sites in the nation " after the united states environmental protection agency ( epa ) showed that more than 2,600 children in the area have lead poisoning .
in 364 , emperor ai , who succeeded emperor mu in 361 , suffered a poisoning after taking pills given to him by magicians in search of immortality , and huan was initially summoned to the capital to serve as regent , but a second order was then issued him cancelling that summon .
soluble fluoride salts , of which naf is the most common , are mildly toxic but have resulted in both accidental and suicidal deaths from acute poisoning .
the park gained nation - wide notoriety in 2004 when hot dogs laced with carbofuran were left in the park , killing one dog and poisoning 15 others .
it is in active development under the u.s. food and drug administration ( fda ) animal efficacy rule to treat acute radiation syndrome ( ars ) or radiation poisoning from any exposure to radiation such as a nuclear or radiological weapon or dirty bomb , or from a nuclear accident .
suffering from depression after badly breaking his leg , and believing his career was finished , he committed suicide by poisoning himself with weedkiller .
genetic background is not a factor in susceptibility to tetrodotoxin poisoning .
it is widely believed by some sources that he was the victim of a poisoning .
pulmonary aspiration of vomit was the cause of scott 's death , and the official cause was listed as " acute alcohol poisoning " and " death by misadventure " .
he was active in preventing children from smoking , in making people aware of the risks from children poisoning themselves with household products , in advocating the addition of vitamins c and d to milk , and warning people of the dangers of nitrates in shallow wells .
in " supergirl and the legion of super - heroes " # 23 ( dec 2006 ) , saturn girl senses a telepathic call for help , which turns out to be mon - el in the phantom zone , suffering from 1,000 years of sensory deprivation and dying from lead poisoning .
it is associated with the increasing use of agricultural mechanization , which have enabled a substantial increase in production , yet have also dramatically increased environmental pollution by increasing erosion , poisoning water with agricultural chemicals , and destroying forests to make room for farmland.[1 ]
as a doctor , she was the " link " to the plotting doctors who were planning on poisoning high - ranking soviet leaders .
the hopis began to resist in a variety of ways , poisoning one of the first missionaries and protesting the abuses of others .
warmaster nas choka engages the alliance at the capital , muscave , and zonama sekot , where he tries to crash a vessel poisoned with alpha red into zonama sekot , in the hopes of poisoning and destroying it .
most deaths were attributed to carbon monoxide poisoning due to power generators or kerosene heaters being used indoors without proper ventilation .
as with many royal deaths in the 16th century , rumours of poisoning abounded , but no evidence has been found to support these .
blood myristicin concentrations may be measured to confirm a diagnosis of poisoning .
older routing protocols ( rip ) do not implement the newest forms of loop prevention and only implement mitigations such as split horizon , route poisoning and holddown timers .
in june 2002 , japan health , labor and welfare ministry added psilocybin mushrooms to schedule narcotics of narcotic and psychotropic drug control law , possibly in preparation for the world cup , and in response to a widely reported case of mushroom poisoning .
the painters had to deal with lead paint , so worker had to have a lead abatement area to lessen lead poisoning .
the wilkes of ireland , who has been playing the devil here and poisoning all the soldiery with his harangues and writings ; but i have treated this nonsensical demagogue as he deserves , with his mob at his heels . "
behavioural signs of poisoning are general restlessness and skin irritation .
severe poisoning will affect the central nervous system , producing inco - ordination , slurred speech , loss of reflexes , weakness , fatigue , involuntary muscle contractions , twitching , tremors of the tongue or eyelids and eventually paralysis of the body extremities and the respiratory muscles .
a report on this case of lead poisoning was submitted to the royal society by the physician dr. edmund spry , and the piece of lead is now in the collections of the national museums of scotland .
of the various metals contained in paints , poisoning by lead most closely matches van gogh 's symptoms .
bottweill finishes his toast , tosses back the pernod , and promptly dies of cyanide poisoning .
chief among these is radiation poisoning : most food is irradiated to a small degree , and parts of the world have varying levels of background radiation .
toxins and food poisoning can cause diarrhea .
in 1912 , charles horton peck reported a human poisoning case due to " g. autumnalis " .
several wildlife rehabilitation organizations encourage natural form of rodent control through exclusion and predator support and preventing secondary poisoning altogether .
he died from radium poisoning on march 31 , 1932 .
she died the next day , apparently from lead - poisoning complications .
insulin is often measured in serum , plasma or blood in order to monitor therapy in diabetic patients , confirm a diagnosis of poisoning in hospitalized persons or assist in a medicolegal investigation of suspicious death .
most of these suicides are by hanging , poisoning or by fire .
dio brando 's treacherous , sadistic nature may be partially explained by his abusive upbringing at the hands of an alcoholic father , whom he later killed by a slow poisoning over time .
also , conservation programs exist which routinely capture condors , check their blood lead levels , and treat cases of poisoning .
many of the injured are being treated for carbon monoxide poisoning .
external exposure can cause burns , radiation poisoning , and death .
the symptoms of poisoning may be delayed by months , possibly too late for effective treatment .
jack bristow contracts radiation poisoning during the events of the fourth season episode " nightingale " when he entered a radioactive area in order to save sydney 's life during a mission .
gerda bormann suffered from cancer in her later years , and died of mercury poisoning on 23 march , 1946 , in merano , italy .
nearly 80 percent of children in the e - waste hub of giuyu , china , suffer from lead poisoning , according to recent reports .
he died in new guinea from food poisoning contracted from eating contaminated wild boar meat .
an " acquired brain injury " ( abi ) can be sustained from traumatic brain injury ( i.e. falls , motor vehicle incidents , sports concussions , blast injuries from war , assaults / child abuse , gunshot wounds , etc . ) and non - traumatic brain injury ( i.e. stroke , brain tumors , infection , poisoning , hypoxia , ischemia , encephalopathy or substance abuse ) .
over a year later , oma helps daniel jackson to ascend after his fatal radiation poisoning at the end of season 5 .
the following morning , artie bucco comes over to have the menu checked with carmela and tony for meadow 's graduation party only to learn tony has food poisoning .
poisoning can occur from ingestion , inhalation , or consumption of rubbing alcohol .
parker had long been dissatisfied with the performance of his us record company , mercury records , finally issuing in 1979 as a single b - side " mercury poisoning " , a public kiss - off reminiscent of the sex pistols ' " emi " .
evidence suggests that , although survival rates have improved with modern medical treatment , in patients with moderate to severe poisoning up to half of those who did recover suffered permanent liver damage .
roughly 7 million people die of food poisoning each year , with about 10 times as many suffering from a non - fatal version .
after alexander traveled to ecbatana to retrieve the bulk of the persian treasure , his closest friend and possibly lover hephaestion died of an illness , or possibly of poisoning .
mako poisoning can be averted by minimal exposure to mako and/or by having strong mental composure during mako exposure .
when not suffering from a multitude of injuries ( upper back sprain , shoulder sprain , neck sprain , abdominal strain , sports hernia , food poisoning ) , troy has been a solid starter for the quakes , helping lead the team to two mls cups in 2001 and 2003 .
in the past severe poisoning has occurred with the misuse and ingestion of boric acid .
sam hui 's " lack of oxygen " suffered on a previous film , was actually carbon monoxide poisoning .
he died in 1686 , possibly from poisoning .
ian and the doctor discover that the monsters were actually the survivors of the previous earth mission , and they had been poisoning the sensorites .
when the couple finally enters haye 's flat , they find the host stabbed to death , and his three guests -- including miss blystone 's surgeon father -- unconscious due to atropine poisoning .
as regards other chemicals , the antiinflammatory compound resveratrol was first isolated from " s. quinquangulata " , and siamese senna " s. siamea " contains barakol used to counteract aconitine poisoning .
substances that caused birth defects and other adverse effects to the fetus , in the absence of recognized toxicity to mothers , were : genital abnormalities and vaginal cancer occurring among girls born to mothers given the estrogenic hormone diethylstilbestrol during pregnancy ; phocomelia ( failure of growth of limb buds ) to babies born to mothers who took thalidomide to control nausea during pregnancy ; and minamata disease , an epidemic of babies born with severe mental retardation and deformities due to mercury poisoning caused by mothers eating methylmercury contaminated fish from minimata bay in japan .
in delaware dr. tierkel was able to focus on a wide array of public health issues ranging from rubella to swine flu to legionnaire ’s disease to tb to rocky mountain spotted fever to lead poisoning .
the parasite is most known for its association with “ salmon poisoning disease " , which , left untreated , proves to be fatal to dogs and other canids .
malekith claimed phoenix king bel - shanaar was a worshipper of slaanesh and bel - shanaar died of poisoning shortly afterwards .
delko confronts melissa , who admits she shredded some of simon 's checks to slow him down , but denies poisoning or shooting him .
some species of fish , notably the puffer fugu used for sushi , and some kinds of shellfish , can cause severe poisoning if not prepared properly .
the incidence of suicide by carbon monoxide poisoning through burning charcoal , such as a barbecue in a sealed room , appears to have risen .
a particular type of poisoning involves inhalation of high levels of carbon monoxide .
however , while engaging superman , the super - hero convinced his opponents , who were succumbing to lead poisoning , that their allies were wrong to invade earth and kel gand — lar gand 's father — sent a message before his death to their government to intervene on earth 's behalf . they were successful in this intervention when the dominators , unaware of the daxamite physical reaction to earth 's environment , dismissed the small force of primarily troop transports .
specifically , mullins finds that bittering of antifreeze does not reduce reported cases of poisoning of preschoolers in the us state of oregon .
the effects of higher - dimensional time flow , cures peel of his radiation poisoning .
threats to the remaining small population include the shift from local agriculture to development in abruzzo ( including a controversial proposed ski resort ) , along with poaching , and poisoning .
in january 2010 , " the guardian " reported that solicitors leigh day , working for the victims of toxic poisoning , had been ordered by an ivory coast court to transfer victim 's compensation to a " shadowy local organisation " , using the account of claude gouhourou , a " community representative " .
