the possessor of a beautiful , rich and agile voice , which enabled her to succeed in a wide variety of roles , eda - pierre can be heard on several recordings , her three most famous being on the philips label , as konstanze in " abduction from the seraglio " and teresa in " benvenuto cellini " , both under sir colin davis , and an album of arias from the french opéra - comiques of grétry and philidor , under sir neville marriner .
possession , in the context of linguistics , is an asymmetric relationship between two constituents , the referent of one of which ( the possessor ) possesses ( owns , rules over , has as a part , etc . )
after withdrawal of the turks , the possessor of the village szirmay let hungarian families settle here .
federal law prevents people from buying a " personality recording " unless the possessor first had died ; similarly , two or more buyers were not allowed to own a " share " of the persona .
sunni honour uthman as " possessor of the two lights " , in reference to him being married to two of muhammad 's biological children .
it is so - called after its last possessor before it was donated to the biblioteca , pablo gil y gil , a professor of the university of zaragoza ( c. 1910 ) .
the other is -"me'en " used to mark a plural possessum of a singular possessor .
long - lost heirs of any former owner , possessor or lien holder of centuries past could come forward with a legal claim on the property .
nouns , verbs , and objects are inflected to agree in gender , person , and number of their possessor , actor , or transitive verb , respectively .
the prefixes are also used when the possessor noun in a possessive phrase is a noun , as in jáan bimá " lit . " " john his - mother , " " i.e. , " " john 's mother . "
it apparently does not home as strongly as wayfinder , nor does it lead its possessor to interim goals required for successfully reaching the object of their desire .
but he was dissuaded from carrying out his design of self - banishment chiefly by the earnest representations of walpole , who pointed out to him that under the droit d'aubaine the king of france would become the possessor of all cole 's cherished manuscripts , which even at this period consisted of no fewer than forty folio volumes .
according to thurston ( 1975 ) komati is derived from " go - mati " or possessor of cows and their main occupation was protecting cows ( 6 ) .
uther became possessor of the late king 's ashes placed in a special magical urn and was killed by arthas who wished to take possession of the urn .
one who commits a trespass to a chattel is subject to liability to the possessor of the chattel if , but only if ,
possessor of a b.a. degree in social science with an emphasis in criminal justice , campen served as a reserve deputy sheriff in new orleans and volunteered with the green bay police department in a similar capacity while a packers player .
this provides that a registered proprietor who objects has a further two years to evict the adverse possessor .
possessives and obviative possessor themes .
he had many epithets which alluded to different aspects of his deity : titlacauan ( " we are his slaves " ) , ipalnemoani ( " he by whom we live " ) , necoc yaotl ( " enemy of both sides " ) , tloque nahuaque ( " lord of the near and the nigh " ) and yohualli èecatl ( " night , wind " ) , ome acatl ( " two reed " ) , ilhuicahua tlalticpaque ( " possessor of the sky and earth " ) .
he advanced far , taking trino vercellese and turin , which offended the house of savoy , which considered itself the rightful possessor of the city on the po .
oba imagines himself as energetic and the possessor of a healthy curiosity .
according to the atf 's website , " tracing is the systematic tracking of explosives from manufacturer to purchaser ( and/or possessor ) for the purpose of aiding law enforcement officials in identifying suspects involved in criminal violations , establishing stolen status , and proving ownership . "
whoever having unauthorized possession of , access to , or control over any document , writing , code book , signal book , sketch , photograph , photographic negative , blueprint , plan , map , model , instrument , appliance , or note relating to the national defense , or information relating to the national defense which information the possessor has reason to believe could be used to the injury of the united states or to the advantage of any foreign nation , willfully communicates , delivers , transmits or causes to be communicated , delivered , or transmitted , or attempts to communicate , deliver , transmit or cause to be communicated , delivered , or transmitted the same to any person not entitled to receive it , or willfully retains the same and fails to deliver it to the officer or employee of the united states entitled to receive it .
in 1627 he went to rome , and through the influence of peiresc was admitted to the household of cardinal francesco barberini , former papal nuncio and the possessor of the most important private library in rome .
a philomath is a seeker of knowledge and facts , while a polymath is a possessor of knowledge in multiple fields .
the current possessor of the ring , frodo , was likewise on his way out of the shire ( on gandalf 's advice ) .
in that case , the finder would be the next best owner and be considered the possessor .
if by some extreme intervention , like a person bearing shieldbreaker entering the scene and covering the cursed blade , soulcutter 's possessor will have aged at an extremely advanced rate , and still suffer severe long - term depression .
nazmul is able to read her dream and decides that it is mel - the possessor of such power - whose body he must have as the host for his incorporeal being .
in the song ' sacrifice unto sebek ' on the album annihilation of the wicked his blast beat speed clocks in at 265 bpm ; on nile 's album " ithyphallic " , the song ' papyrus containing the spell to preserve its possessor against attacks from he
an erg , cattell said , was an innate psychological / physical disposition , or inborn disposition , which permits its possessor to acquire reactivity to certain classes of objects more readily than others , to experience a specific emotion in regard to them and to set on a course of action which ceases more completely at a certain specific goal activity .
long ago , madara became the first possessor of the mangekyo sharingan , a rare form of the eye condition unique to the uchiha which gave him the strength to take control of the uchiha clan , though it rendered him blind from overuse until he took his own brother 's eyes in order to regain his sight .
possessor pronouns .
additionally , they may be inflected for possession with prefixes that indicate the number and grammatical person of the possessor as well as agreeing with the number of noun stem .
in the marvel mangaverse title " legacy of fire " , madelyne pryor was reinvented as madelyne pyre , a powerful sorceress and possessor of the phoenix sword , who was training her sister jena to be her successor .
he himself is a possessor of great supernatural power- which he has earned with the great efforts .
being a deity he is a possessor of the big will ( divine cosmo ) but , unlike his brother poseidon in the saint seiya series , he could use all the power of his divine cosmo .
the ancient and renowned lineage of the trungpas , since the great siddha trungmase chökyi gyamtso lodrö , possessor of only holy activity , has in every generation given rise to great beings .
he is the possessor of the ceremonial uniform and sword of his great uncle , general michael collins .
essential component of character , perseverance is a quality that everyone should " grow strongly because invests its possessor with an irresistible power , a power that will make you strong to do good , strong to resist evil and to withstand adversity ( white , 1910 ) .
hurricane gold , according to the character el huracán , is a legendary mayan treasure which is cursed and will bring inevitable ruin on its possessor .
the name is generally understood to mean " possessor of a double portion " .
she was also the possessor of an oblique , ironic wit that pervades most of her writings " .
the typical word order is subject verb object ( though this can be affected by topic fronting ) ; preposition - prepositional object ( - postposition ) ; noun - adjective ; possessed - possessor .
the possessor - indexing pronouns are suffixed to nouns .
many writers of earlier times have been attracted to roger bacon as the epitome of a wise and subtle possessor of forbidden knowledge , similar to faustus .
thereupon the deity great - name - possessor instructed the hare , saying : " go quickly now to the river - mouth , wash thy body with the fresh water , then take the pollen of the sedges [ growing ] at the river - mouth , spread it about , and roll about upon it , whereupon thy body will certainly be restored to its original state . "
the disjoint form is used when both subject and possessor are third person singular and are not the same .
shortly after 13 august 520 , their behavior in rome prompted pope hormisdas to write a letter to the same possessor in constantinople , criticizing their theology and severely condemning their vociferous objections .
prior to 1997 , south korea was strongly suspected of possessing an active chemical weapons program , and was identified as a " probable " chemical weapons possessor by the united states .
father malone travels to the colonial house to rid sarah of her possessor .
still another suggests that it comes from the phoenician name ' iyzebel by a different route than that of the latter 's most famous possessor ; perhaps most likely is that " isabel " is the result of a hebrew , phoenician , or latinate name mutating under the influence of one of the other languages or of a similar name from one of the other sources , much like " katharine . "
though he is known to classical scholars as the last possessor of complete versions of callimachus ' " hecale " and " aitia " , he was a versatile writer , and composed homilies , speeches and poems , which , with his correspondence , throw considerable light upon the miserable condition of attica and athens at the time .
an adoption of another male person by the last legal ( male ) possessor of the title could in some respect be treated as a legal transfer of the title itself ( but never the nobility if the adopted person is not noble ) .
sophitia eventually found the soul edge in a port in valencia , spain ; and she fought its possessor , the dread pirate cervantes de leon , destroying one of the twin blades .
the first is possession , which can be defined as control over a resource based on the practical inability of another to contradict the ends of the possessor .
a count turco is cited in 1906 , as " the possessor of an ancient feudal mill once owned by the family " .
a man may be described as being the possessor of some quality , as abu'l gadl , " father of grace , " or " the graceful one ; " abu'l fida , " father of devotion , " or " the devout one . "
regardless of whether you use the full pronoun or the short form , the genitive case is practically only used for genitive objects . see " asking for a possessor " .
on 5 november , the parliament had consequently declared itself to be " the possessor of supreme state power " in finland , based on finland 's constitution , and more precisely on in the old instrument of government of 1772 , which had been enacted by the estates after gustav iii 's bloodless coup .
but tresham , as the possessor of an estate , was probably less inclined than before to embark on rash and hazardous schemes .
the reflexive is used when the subject of the clause and the possessor are the same , whether singular or plural .
quasar also confronts the obliterator and possessor and previously - unknown elders the explorer , the judicator and the caregiver .
the word order for ugaritic is verb subject object ( vso ) , possessed – possessor ( ng ) , and noun – adjective ( na ) .
a longer example , هو يقرأ كتابه , ( " huwa yaqraʼu kitābahu " , " he reads his book " ) more clearly indicates the possessor .
detinue : an action for the wrongful detention of goods , initiated by an individual who claims to have a greater right to their immediate possession than the current possessor .
if it really means , not " elder " but " possessor , " we should be obliged to translate by " the bottom-"possessing "- male , " etc . "
miharu is the possessor of the shinra banshou .
originally , he appeared in the first issue of " vampire tales " , then as the possessor of the mystical book called the " darkhold " .
however , in 1991 , in testimony before the subcommittee on seapower , strategic and critical materials in 1991 , us navy rear admiral thomas brooks identified myanmar as a " probable " chemical weapons possessor .
samson was said to be so strong that he could uplift two mountains and rub them together like two clods of earth , yet his superhuman strength , like goliath 's , brought woe upon its possessor .
many canonists have argued that because the possessor of an office holds it " ad nutum " , he can therefore be deprived of it without cause .
it was conceived as proceeding at death to the future world , where it gave evidence for , or against , its possessor .
hincmar , adroitly combined the discovery of these two vials with their unique , unearthly fragrance , the " legend of the baptism of the moribund pagan " and the historical memory that st remigius had baptized clovis into a new legend identifying one of these vials as the actual vial of chrism used at the baptism of clovis to create the new " legend of the holy ampulla " , ( i.e. , that the chrism used by remigius when he baptized clovis was miraculously supplied by heaven itself ) which hincmar then used to strengthen his claim that his own archepiscopal see of reims-—as the possessor of this heaven - sent chrism—-should therefore be recognized as the divinely chosen site for all subsequent anointings of french kings .
the major allied participants were the united states , china , the united kingdom ( including the forces of british india ) , australia , the philippine commonwealth , the netherlands ( as possessor of the dutch east indies ) , new zealand , and canada , all of whom were members of the pacific war council .
the stone has two main functions ; the ability to guide its possessor to a desired object using a beam of light , and the ability to project an illusory image of finder performing his songs .
the author addresses remarks to both the poor , who are warned that material poverty in itself is valueless , and the rich , who are warned that wealth used selfishly damns the possessor .
it ' , the fortunate possessor must have that strange magnetism which attracts both sexes ...
however , if he initiates force against and to the detriment of another man , he alienates himself from the right to that part of his life which is required to pay his debt : " rights are " not " inalienable , but only the possessor of a right can alienate himself from that right – no one else can take a man 's rights from him . "
so the old man replied , saying : " i am an earthly deity , child of the deity great - mountain - possessor .
commander hawkes , unit d commander and possessor of a strength - enhancing metal glove called the power fist , continued to fight crime with the thunder ship after unit d was closed down .
a first person plural possessor is marked by the prefix " ta"- , second person plural by " ha'amwa"- and third person plural by " wa'a"- .
a fight between possessor and bloodstone occurred during this time in which he was able to defeat his foe with the help of the bloodgem .
fortuna , the goddess of chance and good luck , is the current possessor of amalthea 's cornucopia , but to deal with her means putting fate into her hands .
in sanskrit , " bal " means " strength " and " hara " means " the possessor " .
these guns are cursed such that , if the possessor uses them out of revenge , he or she will be cursed to track and kill those who have taken innocent life .
the so - called anticipatory genitive ( e2-a lugal - bi " the owner of the house / temple " , lit . " of the house , its owner " ) is common and may signal the possessor 's topicality .
some person or thing in which the possessor has a legally
generally every 2nd or 3rd person verb , pronoun , postposition or possessed noun must be marked honorifically if its subject or object , designatum , object or possessor ( respectively ) is a living adult ( the speaker 's wife or adult children being exceptions ) .
quasar was investigating the sac for reasons of his own and , after a skirmish with the the possessor and the obliterator , subsequently lost his protection from the rigors of space .
thus , " balhara " means " the possessor of strength " .
courts have held that " permanence " is not simply keeping forever ; it can include the intent to deprive the possessor of economic significance , even if there are plans to return the property later .
possessive noun phrases inflect for their possessor , as well as for case .
vehicle carry is allowed if the possessor is eligible for a permit .
the triumph of the possessor party went hand in hand with joseph 's efforts to bolster the position of russia 's grand princes , who were now increasingly referred to as tsars , succeeding to the title of universal emperors of byzantium .
after he went back to the minor leagues , he was chosen by the american association managers as the best pitching prospect and possessor of the best breaking ball in the league .
the name " dhul kifl " literally means " the one with a " kifl " , using a type of name where " dhū " ( " possessor of " ) precedes some characteristically associated feature .
in berber , the construct state is used for the possessor , for objects of prepositions , nouns following numerals , and subjects occurring before their verb ( modified from the normal vso order ) .
it is inhabited by spirits referred to as " planetary spirits , " which can communicate with the great stone 's possessor , who hears their words inside his or her head .
grim wrote that late guitarist dimebag darrell was " an ignorant , barbaric , untalented possessor of a guitar " , among others .
at this point the focus is on " chezkat ha'guf " - that the physical status of the object remains unchanged - and " chezkat mammon " - that we assume that an object belongs to its current possessor unless otherwise proven .
circumstances of the adverse possession determine the type of title acquired by the adverse possessor , which may be fee simple title , mineral rights , or another interest in real property .
the nominalised verb in a relative clause on a carries a suffix ‘ nsuf’ , which is also used to index the possessor in possessives ;
with object pronoun suffixes , the verb of existence conveys possession ; the object represents the possessor and the subject of the verb the possessed entity .
the bey and possessor of the kingdom of tunis was the title of the head of state of tunisia from the early 18th century , through the time when the country was a french protectorate , until 1956 .
but in 1604 he entered the service of the baron von hohensax , the possessor of the codex manesse , the precious manuscript volume of old german " minnesänger " of which goldast published excerpts .
nouns are inflected for only the number and person of the possessor , number of nouns is shown by means of articles .
nouns do not have case marking in core grammatical roles , although there are suffixes for instrumental , accompaniment / location and predicate possessor .
after continuously haunting a very unstable leo as flying heads , they put the other elders against him with help of a possessor demon , and when piper and phoebe died after a demon attack , the avatar alpha finally showed up to leo as he was in a vision and , after explaining what they were about and what powers they possessed , made him join them as the only way to bring phoebe and piper back to life .
sif 's life force subsequently overwhelmed foster 's , which entered the pocket dimension accessible through the staff and thereafter the possessor 's own body .
if the permit application is denied by the local police department , the possessor may appeal the denial to the department of public safety special licensing and firearms unit ( slfu ) , which must issue a weapons carry permit if the applicant meets none of the criteria that would disqualify him or her from holding such permit .
they are most commonly associated with a possessive pronoun as the possessor , e.g. " axh tláa " “ my mother ” , " du xh'é " “ his mouth ” .
mccary was a half - african american convert who , after his baptism and ordination to the priesthood , began to claim to be a prophet and the possessor of other supernatural gifts .
he quickly recovered , taking a liking to nanoha and recognizing her as a possessor of the magical aptitude , a rarity on earth .
the possessor can be emphasized by adding the subject pronoun , e.g. " az én lakásom " ( " my " flat /apartment " ) .
a black - hearted man named glames , possessor of a sword named leethus , threatens the human world , the dream world , and the dark world with complete and utter destruction .
the high and the low always belong to the original possessor of those trumps .
the meaning of the name is " possessor of the world , people " .
in morocco , " barakah " transfer can be accomplished by spitting into another ’s mouth or by sharing a piece of bread from which the possessor has eaten because saliva is the vessel of " barakah " in the human body .
notice particularly that the gender here refers to that of the thing possessed , rather than to the possessor .
the use of the persian ezafe construction is spreading , however there is also a native possessive construction , consisting of the possessor ( unmarked or marked by the oblique case ) preceding the head noun .
these forms below are found when the ergative marks the possessor of nouns .
after paine 's death in 1937 , bernard devoto became possessor of twain 's manuscripts and released them to the public .
famous yuan - ti in the " forgotten realms " include zstulkk ssarmn of the ruthless trade and slaving consortium the iron ring ; his nephew nhyris d'hothek , one time possessor of the " crown of horns " ; the serpent sibyl , whose body was used as sseth 's avatar during the time of troubles ; the ruling house extaminos family of hlondeth , and the very powerful scion , zelia , who was featured prominently in the trilogy , " house of serpents . "
the possessor of divine fame !
it also noted that harry was the " possessor of a bombshell zombie 's voice that can sound dreamily seductive and woodenly mansonite within the same song " .
the jiva is the knower also ; and he can be both knowledge and the possessor of knowledge at the same time , just as the sun is both light and the source of light .
it is common in compounds referring to a possessor of a specified object : a bahuvrihi compound xy tends to mean someone or something which has a y , and that y has the characteristic x. for instance , a sabretooth ( " smil - odon " ) is neither a sabre nor a tooth : it is an extinct feline with sabre - like fangs .
the museum staff worked unceasingly through the winter of 1998 - 1999 , uncovering such important and beautiful finds as the akratos and gypsy girl mosaic and 65,000 bulla ( seal imprints in clay ) in an archive room at i̇skeleüstü , making gaziantep museum possessor of the largest bulla collection in the world .
they are characterized by " an artistic perception so sharp that it seems to cut beneath the skin " , according to wieland schmied , who calls schad the " prototypical possessor of the ' cool gaze ' which distinguishes this movement from earlier forms of realism " .
in the early part of the 13th century there was a castle here ; and in the reign of henry iii . , it was the chief seat of richard de grey , whose descendants , the barons grey , of codnor , possessed it for many years , the last of whom , henry , a philosopher and alchymist , in the reign of henry iv . obtained a license to practise the transmutation of metals ; he died in or about the year 1526 , when the codnor estate passed to sir john zouch , who had married elizabeth , the aunt of the last possessor .
at the time , she was described as a " handsome blonde , and the possessor of a magnificent head of curly hair . "
the artifact 's possessor faces certain , inherent disadvantages imposed by the intense magic of the weapon , however .
as in many other languages , compounds indicating possession ( genitive compounds ) may be formed by following the possessee with the possessor ( " x of y " become " x - y " — the english equivalent is " y 's x " or " y - x " ) .
possessor , and noun – adjective .
the reconstructed default word order in proto - semitic is verb subject object ( vso ) , possessed – possessor ( ng ) , and noun – adjective ( na ) .
atlantic monthly said that " this lovely second novel confirms strout as the possessor of an irresistibly companionable , peculiarly american voice : folksy , poetic , but always as precise as a shadow on a brilliant winter day . "
as for the northern regions of anatolia , byzantine sources record umur bey , a commander and son - in - law to the germiyan family , to be the possessor of paphlagonia , where candaroğlu dynasty was to rule only after germiyan power weakened .
at the time of his death , he was the owner and possessor of some of land .
the patriarchal dignity had meanwhile become worldly , as it were ; for exceptional learning was by no means held to be an essential attribute of its possessor .
as they are obligatorily possessed nouns , a special prefix appears when no possessor is specified , and kinship terms sometimes have additional material at the end as well .
it often marks a noun as being the possessor of another noun but it can also indicate various relationships other than possession ; certain verbs may take arguments in the genitive case ; and it may have adverbial uses ( " see " adverbial genitive ) .
in 1991 rear admiral thomas brooks identified pakistan as a " probable " chemical weapons possessor in testimony before congress .
she eventually becomes the " eye " , the true possessor of the azure grimoire .
so the name of the deity they gave birth to was the deity great - male - of - the - great - thing ; next they gave birth to the deity rock - earth - prince ; next they gave birth to the deity rock - nest - princess ; next they gave birth to the deity great - door - sun - youth ; next they gave birth to the deity heavenly - blowing - male ; next they gave birth to the deity great - house - prince ; next they gave birth to the deity youth - of - the - wind - breath - the - great - male ; next they gave birth to the sea - deity , whose name is the deity great - ocean - possessor ; next they gave birth to the deity of the water - gates , whose name is the deity prince - of - swift - autumn ; next they gave birth to his younger sister the deity princess - of - swift - autumn .
mathon shares rodan that the " gold bringeth unto its possessor responsibility and a changed position with his fellow men .
in the movie " paradise lost " , masato was killed by leo ( possessor of the psyga gear ) .
the " sefer ha - yashar " describes cainan , the possessor of great astrological wisdom , which had been inscribed on tables of stone , as the son of seth and not of arpachshad ; ie , the antediluvian kenan .
then , one hopes , only the possessor of the grille or a copy can read out the hidden letters or numbers – which could , for example , be the key to a polyalphabetic cipher such as that proposed around the same time by giambattista della porta .
apart from the fictional characters , the author 's main invention is nero 's eye , the emerald prophesized to ensure its possessor will rule rome for a long time .
" the higher quality emerges from the lower level of existence and has its roots therein , but it emerges therefrom , and it does not belong to that level , but constitutes its possessor a new order of existent with its special laws of behaviour .
notice particularly the retention of the genitive inflection in the third person : the pronoun , like latin " eius " , " eorum " , inflects according to the possessor , not the possessed .
the oblique case marks the possessor ( preceding the head noun ) , the definite direct object , nouns governed by a preposition , and the subject of transitive verbs in the past tense .
there also had the opportunity and pleasure to meet gus rodriguez , creative director of televisa and possessor of an impressive resume in the television industry in mexico , as well as don roberto gomez bolanos " chespirito " and ms. florinda meza , with whom most henceforth be maintained communication .
this can happen ( 1 ) when the possessed has the indefinite article , ( 2 ) when other words intervene between the two parts , or ( 3 ) when the possessed and possessor switch order in the sentence .
however , it is not possible to raise the possessor in a possessive phrase to the head position of a relative construction .
at the time , he was a mayor in shiraz , and therefore , he adopted the name of shahrdar , which means holder or possessor of the city .
zol - aktaf " : " the possessor of shoulder blades " ) and was completed and expanded during the reign of anushirvan .
specifically the statutes " permit[ted ] … people to possess such drugs so long as they were for the personal use of the possessor , a member of his household , or for administration to an animal " .
in the succeeding reign , after a lapse of long and continued toil , he had conferred on him the higher rank of an established commodore — a rank prized in the service as one not only ensuring its possessor the certainty of active employment afloat , but also as indicating , in the authorities administering the naval affairs of the nation , a public recognition of professional merit .
zeeshan ( zîşan ) is an arabic masculine given name derived from words " zee " " ( possessor of ) " and " shan " " ( high status ) " .
marcus is a junior prince of the house ( official title of the possessor 's bastard children ) .
but the patron should not be their possessor .
he was the possessor of a large library which contained many valuable manuscripts .
however , if the possessor is a pronoun , it is suffixed with extensive vowel ablaut ( in the first case ) , or prepositional forms with " at " , and optionally the connector as well , are used ( in the second case ) : " na : ra ɟá ɗe : " " my man " ( " man conn . at - me " ) , " mùlù " " her eye " ( " eye - her " , from " mɨla " " eye " ) .
with the help of his vassal and fellow possessor haruie , the two are successful in tracking him down , only to discover that murashige is after a 400-year - old mandala ( a buddhist ritualistic artifact and meditative aid ) made of the hair of the deceased araki clansmen .
only a few marquisates in france were also specifically transferable through marriage ( opposite to the normal custom in italy and spain ) and therefore the title usually becomes extinct when the last male descendant of the possessor at the time of the french revolution dies .
in the fall of ile - rien trilogy , nicholas has disappeared , leaving his daughter by madeline , tremaine , the sole possessor of coldcourt .
sixteen more years had elapsed when colonel mannering returned from india just in time to be present at his friend 's death , and glossin , who had been concerned in harry 's abduction , became the possessor of the ellangowan estate .
the first form is used as default and the second is used to emphasize the possessor or for clarity .
the story proper begins when puma , a dog with the ability to speak , teaches u-1 to play the guitar , simultaneously teaching the controls of the game to the player , and subsequently revealing to him that he is the last legendary hero of planet gitaroo , and the possessor of the last gitaroo .
" in symbolic transaction occurring during each game is this : each team strives to ' fertilize ' the egg and thus become the sole possessor of its life - giving power .
the italian manuscript from which david selbourne , an englishman residing in italy , professed to have made his translation , published as " the city of light : the hidden journal of the man who entered china four years before marco polo " , has not come to light , even in photocopies ; its possessor still remains anonymous .
the possessor is not to be confused with the criminal mentalist of the same name who fought daimon hellstrom .
under traditional common law , a property possessor ( not necessarily the owner ) has no duty whatsoever to trespassers .
so when we ask , what is the one posited ? we are told the possessor of a , b , c or in other words , their seat or substance .
a possessed noun is prefixed with a morpheme agreeing in person with the possessor .
the names of the deities that were next born , as he bathed at the bottom of the water , were : the deity possessor - of - the - ocean - bottom , and next his augustness elder - male - of - the - bottom .
vasudeva krishna said to pandava king , yudhisthira,--'o great king , thou art a worthy possessor of all the qualities essential for the performance of the rajasuya sacrifice .
johnson is one of cary 's joy - filled characters , possessor of a great energy that infects all around him .
the status of a visitor as a licensee ( as opposed to a trespasser or an invitee ) defines the legal rights of the visitor if they are injured due to the negligence of the property possessor ( not necessarily the owner ) .
on october 7 , 1444 , he sent a supplication to rome stating that he was the " peaceful possessor without adversary " and requesting the pope ( eugenius iv ) to give him a dispensation " to rule and govern for life the said church or house of soltre as a simple hospital and secular benefice " .
one captive is the inventor of the q - bomb , and the duchy finds itself the possessor of the only working model of this devastating weapon .
in pari delicto ( potior / melior est conditio possidentis ) , latin for " in equal fault ( better is the condition of the possessor ) " is a legal term used to indicate that two persons or entities are equally at fault , whether the malfeasance in question is a crime or tort .
as a possessor , qin 's body loses its temperature fast and he is forced to jump from body to body through the ages , rendering him immortal .
that same year , during the last week of her probationary period , jallarzi , tenser , and all the other members of the circle save mordenkainen were slain by halmadar the cruel , possessor of the " hand " and " eye of vecna " , in the kron hills .
asking for a possessor .
first was botan to watch her granddaughter , then sent kisaragi to watch over her , where sora is only there for her own interest after hearing that there was a possessor of black .
relationals are quasi - nouns expressing some relationship ( often spatial ) to their possessor complement .
shichigoro is the possessor of the number two headband and a very skilled swordsman .
he was the best , for he was the possessor of the highest learning .
the names of the deities that were born as he bathed in the middle [ of the water ] were : the deity possessor - of - the - ocean - middle , and next his augustness elder - male - of - the - middle .
the languages share a system of marking the number of both the possessed and the possessor in possessive pronouns ( unseth 1991 ) .
releasing the entity from its constraint , usually by some simple action , allows the object 's possessor to make a wish .
papyrus containing the spell to preserve its possessor against attacks from he who is in the water .
his name comes from his self - given title " possessor of the runestaff , " a powerful alien artifact .
another possessor of the phoenix force is rachel summers , jean 's daughter from the days of future past alternate future .
farquhar , who is short , thin , and bespectacled , resembles hart physically , and considers himself " the possessor of a defective body " from which he wishes to escape - a typical transsexual sentiment .
personal peculiarities also gave rise to a jew 's name in the arab world , as abyad referred to fair skin , afia possessor of strength , health or well being , tawil to a tall person .
the derived noun is used when the possessor is indicated , as in /ʃkoʰb ni/ ' his / her dough ' .
by observing these navajo possessive phrases , it is evident here that southern athabascan languages are head - marking in that the possessive prefix is added to the possessed noun , which is the " head " of the noun phrase ( this is unlike the dependent - marking languages of europe where possessive affixes are added to the possessor ) .
( " ooza " is the plural root , " y- " ( with an accompanying vowel ablaut ) is the nominalizer ; the prefix for third person possessor elides before the " y " .
odo is etymologically related to the names otho and otto , and to the french name odon , and to the italian names ottone and udo ; all come from a germanic word meaning " possessor of wealth " .
sister mariam of jesus crucified had an intense devotion to the holy spirit , possessor of the truth without error or division .
along the way , they discovered their nemesis was only other possessor of the kronom k - d2 watch in the world .
hellstrom next battled the possessor .
after sonar awakens his brethren , megatron becomes the first possessor of the star saber , but loses it at once thanks to the reckless attack of hot shot .
as the possessor of one of the largest fortunes in europe , louis jean marie was a very attractive marriage candidate , especially considering his close links with the french royal family .
but the actual reason why a room at merville house is named after a member of the donegall dynasty is because chichester was the lawful possessor of the townland of drumnadrough where merville stands , as well as all of the neighbouring townlands that established the former civil parish of coole or carnmoney .
after setting their explosive charges , malzone and hayes are guided back to carey 's sub by sherman ( possessor of the " finest pair of lungs in the navy " ) , just as a fleet of american dive bombers arrive to finish off the japanese vessels in the lagoon .
a possessor of a formal marquisate " x " before the french revolution was titled " marquis of x " ( french " marquis de x " ) .
the typical word order can be summarized as subject adverb - object - verb ; possessor - possessed ; noun - adjective .
the eze nri managed trade and diplomacy on behalf of the igbo people , and was the possessor of divine authority in religious matters .
two great romans of the past , cicero and virgil , were by him idealized and veritably worshipped ; and he was the happy possessor of their estates at tusculum and naples .
the typical word order is subject verb object in most daju languages , with exceptions such as sila , and possessed - possessor .
seisin is now confined to possession of the freehold , though at one time it appears to have been used for simple possession without regard to the estate of the possessor .
the monk was the possessor of a stolen mark iv tardis – superior to the doctor 's and with a fully functioning chameleon circuit – and said he left the doctor 's then - unnamed home planet some fifty years after the doctor did -- which could indicate that he was a time lord , although it was never stated at the time since the concept of the doctor 's race had not yet been devised .
many nouns can take suffixes to reflect the possessor , in which case the personal pronoun is dropped .
amongst the wonders which the buddha can perform whilst in this state of śūraṅgama samādhi ( attainable only by buddhas and 10th - level bodhisattvas ) is the projection or conjuration of 84,000 other buddhas ( identical replicas of himself and equally real ) .. others of the 100 ' miracles ' which this samadhi empowers its possessor to perform include being able to change sex at will ; placing immense buddha paradises ( universes ) into a single pore of the skin ; always presiding over the superknowledges ( " abhijna " ) ; always emitting rays of light over all universes without exception ; being able to speak and understand all languages of all universes ; and possessing a knowledge which is profound and unfathomable .
if the relationship is possessive , the possessor comes first ; otherwise , it comes last .
possessives fall into one of two classes marked by " a " and " o " , depending on the dominant versus subordinate relationship between possessor and possessed , so " ngā tamariki a te matua " , the children of the parent , but " te matua o ngā tamariki " , the parent of the children .
despite her successes , ross never really achieved international stardom and never made any commercial recordings , however a few live recordings of her performances reveal a singer of amazing qualities ; the possessor of a huge and flexible voice of considerable beauty and range , and of great emotional impact .
the man of highest " power " does not reveal himself as a possessor of " power " ;
in nadolny 's world , however , this seeming disability is in fact a powerful asset ; the possessor of " slowness " can afford to wait , because he must wait .
this element focuses on adverse possessor ’s time on the land , not how long true owner has been dispossessed of it .
after admitting to this third demon possessor , jeanne went through a psychosomatic pregnancy .
a bishop from north africa named possessor , who was in constantinople at the same time as the scythian monks , also opposed their christological position by citing faustus of riez , who the scythian monks accused of the pelagianistic heresy .
she is a daughter of supreme goddess ekhe ekhe burhan , and " is possessor of the greatest power and spiritual knowledge of all the sky spirits .
" if a strong mind , large attainments , sincere piety and a most kind and christian deportment , be qualities that entitle their possessor to fame , then may the late dean of ardagh be well denominated famous ; but a stronger claim to celebrity than even these could give , may be made in favour of richard graves .
in 1991 rear admiral thomas brooks identified ethiopia as a " probable " chemical weapons possessor in testimony before congress .
this person dependent only upon himself , this possessor of creativity out of himself alone , is nietzsche 's superman.<p/ >
he did abolish the " lex naufragii " ( law of shipwreck ) by which the landowner on whose shores a wrecked ship or its cargo washed up was the possessor of that wealth : " if a ship is wrecked because of the fault [ of the men aboard ] the goods found in it are to be returned to the one to whome they belonged and still belong . "
hungarian also uses a singular noun when the possessor is plural but the thing possessed is singular , e.g. " a fejünk " ( " our heads " , where each person has one head ) .
kaufmann was the possessor of a large library , which contained many valuable manuscripts , incunabula , and first editions , and of which the marco mortara library , acquired by kaufmann , formed the nucleus .
a possessor enjoys certain judicial protection against third parties even if he is not the owner .
the character immortus sends his servant tempus to kill an apparently critically ill rick jones , the possessor of the ' destiny force ' , a powerful ability utilized during the kree - skrull war storyline .
mukuro also possesses the estraneo family 's " possession bullet " , a forbidden bullet which enables a person to possess the body of another person when the possessor is shot with it .
if the possessed noun is inalienable , the third person singular suffix attaches directly to the noun with the possessor noun following
possessor ( ng ) , and noun – adjective ( na ) .
the ō category is used when the possessor has , or had , no control over the relationship , is subordinate or inferior to what is owned or when the possession is considered as inalienable .
jupiter talisman , " which is said to have been owned by joseph smith jr. the narrator refers to this as an " occultic " item whose “ talismatic magic ” is said to bring riches , power and women to its possessor .
the " lakása , lakásai " type ( i.e. , like the one with a singular possessor ) is used in the 3rd person plural except when no pronoun or only the " ő " is present before it , e.g. " a szülők lakása " " the parents ' flat /apartment " .
possessor of strengths and resources .
in 1583 the town bought the advowson of the parish church from its then possessor , oliver darnley , for £ 130 , and henceforth the successive vicars were chosen by a body of trustees —
however , the transference of " barakah " may also occur against the will of its possessor through other forms of physical contact such as hand shaking and kissing .
also , the word is used to protect the riches of the nobility , the clergy , the treasure of the possessor ( the ruler of the state ) and much more .
the possessive pronouns are the same as the possessive adjectives , but each is inflected to express the grammatical person of the possessor and the grammatical gender of the possessed .
" uti possidetis " ( latin for " as you possess " ) is a principle in international law that territory and other property remains with its possessor at the end of a conflict , unless provided for by treaty . originating in roman law , this principle enables a belligerent party to claim territory that it has acquired by war .
four years later , an unnamed possessor demon invades the body of a woman named mandi , in order to manipulate wyatt .
the possessor of a large and expressive bass voice , he is often credited with establishing the tradition of naturalistic acting in his chosen art form .
the name " tuladhar " is derived from the sanskrit words " tula " ( weighing scale ) and " dhar " ( possessor ) , thus meaning scale - bearer or in general , merchant or businessman .
the possessor precedes the possessum .
the best known pseudodragon in the setting of krynn is fafnir , familiar of jasryn storm , a white robe mage , possessor of arion , the staff of air .
due to machinations with the other elders against death , the possessor could not die by any means ; whether this still applies is unrevealed .
being a capable official of lý anh tông who helped the emperor in both civil and military matters , tô hiến thành was chosen by lý anh tông for the regentship of his son lý long trát , he was also granted the title prince and thus became the only possessor of the title who did not come from the lý royal family .
