prior to 15 december 1994 , the area now sandhurst was part of the city of cranbourne formerly the shire of cranbourne , and shares its postcode 3977 with cranbourne .
there are no dependent localities used in the postcode district .
it lies within the city of onkaparinga and has postcode 5173 .
this made recommendations on the conversion of ordnance survey maps from paper to computer form , making more government data available , grid referencing and postcode referencing of data , measures to promote the use of computerised geographic information systems ( gis ) and investment required in training and research and development .
greenslopes ( australia post postcode 4120 ) is a moderately sized suburb of the city of brisbane , state capital of queensland , australia .
a regular postcode always ends with a 0 , with the notable exception of paris , lyon and marseille - see below - and the overseas départements and territories .
it is 4 miles ( 7 km ) east of leeds city centre and lies in the ls14 leeds postcode area .
uleybury (; postcode 5114 ) is a rural locality near adelaide , south australia .
the group was named east 17 after the postcode of their hometown , walthamstow .
part of the thurrock unitary district is also covered by the postcode area and a small part of the epping forest and brentwood districts of essex are included in the rm4 postal district .
there are also shopping centres at the corner of burwood road and power street , in church street , in auburn road ( the western side of which is within the hawthorn postcode , while the eastern side is in hawthorn east ) , the corner of glenferrie road and riversdale road and the corner of auburn road and riversdale road .
its postcode is 2486 .
it lies within the city of onkaparinga and has postcode 5174 .
in particular , gains park , a 1990s housing estate west of the hospital , is often passed off as copthorne ( or sometimes as shelton or bicton heath)- despite sharing the sy3 postcode it is completely separated from copthorne and shelton while bicton heath refers to an older settlement along the a458 .
the royal mail postcode begins ll58 .
only a selection of pubs are listed , organised by district and postcode ( in brackets ) .
this venue has a premier box that the royal family use , as well as other distinguished guests and is also known by its postcode sw19 .
there is also a post office branch in lee town centre on lee road but this lies about 5 metres north of the se12 postcode in se3 .
it serves about 1200 pupils , largely from the north - west suburbs of the city , in the eh4 postcode : barnton , cramond , davidson 's mains , blackhall , cammo , silverknowes , some areas of muirhouse and clermiston .
west beach ( postcode 5024 ) is a seaside suburb of adelaide , in both the city of charles sturt and the city of west torrens .
dd postcode area .
it lies within the city of onkaparinga and has postcode 5171 .
redcliffe square is a town square located in the kensington area of southwest central london , england ( postcode sw10 ) .
each copy of regiograph includes administrative , postcode and topographic maps for a european country of choice , purchasing power data and an add - on that provides direct access to the software from within microsoft word , excel and powerpoint .
the royal mail postcode is ll71 , and it has a population of 1,185 .
users can access asking price summaries by town and postcode .
reid ( postcode : 2612 ) is a suburb of canberra , australian capital territory , australia .
kt postcode area .
g12 ( postcode ) .
mootral has attracted much recent attention as runner - up in the ft global climate challenge and dutch postcode lottery .
ub postcode area .
the postcode is 5271 .
the postcode is 834800 .
the postcode is 832100 .
the village is in the ls26 leeds postcode area , and forms part of the civil parish of great and little preston , which has a population of 1,449 .
kw postcode area .
both sets of fans claim manchester is either blue or red which led to a study by the manchester metropolitan university carrying out a survey of who had the most season ticket holders in the area 's with a ' m ' postcode .
in the 2004 australian bureau of statistics census of population and housing , the population of the fortitude valley postcode area was 4,469 people , in an area of 1.4 square kilometres , with 44% females and 56% males .
the postcode district has a population of 35,360 in 15,583 residential properties and the greatest number ( 52.7% ) of the properties are flats .
fyshwick ( postcode : 2609 ) is an industrial suburb of canberra , located east of the south canberra district .
it is within the ls8 postcode and part of the roundhay city council ward .
the post town for this postcode is london .
the village is in the ls23 wetherby postcode area and has a wetherby dialling code ( 01937 ) .
it stretches from western road to heavygate road which borders on the s6 postcode and the walkley council ward .
the central business district of canberra , australia 's capital city , is officially named city ( postcode : 2601 ) .
in 2009 michael atkinson , in his role as attorney - general of south australia , introduced laws into parliament that made internet commentary on the upcoming 2010 election illegal unless the commenter provided their real name and postcode .
weston ( postcode : 2611 ) is a suburb of canberra , australian capital territory , australia .
the postcode is 2193 , the same as neighbouring canterbury .
lu postcode area .
there are no dependent localities used in the postcode district .
the park is a well known site of an annual caribbean music festival and is located between princess road , claremont road , demesne road and alexandra road south , in the m16 postcode district .
its postcode is 6501 .
for example , " l " indicates liverpool , " eh " indicates edinburgh and " ab " indicates aberdeen ; " see list of postcode areas in the united kingdom for a full list " .
it lies within the city of onkaparinga and has postcode 5169 .
malua bay ( postcode : 2536 ) is a locality in the south coast region of the state of new south wales , australia .
if walford had been assigned in this scheme it would have been given e17 , which is the current postcode district for walthamstow .
nw postcode area .
the uk postcode begins ll63 .
the area now has a local community website w14 had become the first london postcode to not have a post office — however an agreement was reached with north end news in february 2009 to provide a post office counter .
se6 is the postcode for bellingham , catford , north downham , rushey green , parts of hither green and southend in the london borough of lewisham .
the suburbs of denistone , denistone west , meadowbank and melrose park share the 2114 postcode with west ryde .
the post town for this postcode is london .
postcode areas .
rapid bay ( postcode 5204 ) is a small seaside town in the southwest of the fleurieu peninsula , south australia .
the name of town or city is actually the name of the post office which is responsible to manage the incoming mail , not the municipal name ( even though by writing the municipality , the address still can be understood , provided that the correct postcode is given ) .
because each uk postcode covers only around 15 addresses , you could technically address a letter to " 1 , sw1a 0aa " and it should arrive , although with some delay .
the postcode there is : 3424
many english - speaking countries call the codes , postcode .
its postcode is 6208 , and in the 2006 census , it had a population of 1,965 with a median age of 50 .
mount pleasant was also added to the list of numbered districts ( 14 ) , despite being out of the town " boundary line " of the river wear and having a dh4 postcode ( houghton le spring ) it does hold a washington dialing code starting 0191 415 , 416 and 417 .
chester hill shares the postcode of 2162 with the neighbouring suburb of sefton .
the postcode district is part of the london post town .
its postcode is 6031 , and it was until the late 1990s part of neerabup .
o'malley ( postcode : 2606 ) is a suburb in the canberra district of woden valley .
a businessman in ilford wishes to have the postcode of ig1 changed to e19 as he claims customers do not realise his business is based in london .
the district begins on the southern edge of the leeds city centre and mainly lies in the ls11 leeds postcode area .
here is a population breakdown of the postcode area in comparison with the uk population .
normanville ( postcode 5204 ) is a small rural town near the coast on the fleurieu peninsula , south australia .
alonnah ( australian postcode 7150 ) is a small township on the western side of bruny island , tasmania , facing the d'entrecasteaux channel .
chiswick is included in the w postcode area of the london postal district .
its postcode is 4037 .
the village itself is north of castleford and lies in the wf10 castleford postcode area .
the postcode is 2027 .
cross gates lies in the ls15 postcode area .
with a few exceptions these were directly incorporated into the outcode ( the first part of the postcode ) .
these will be incorporated into the new national postcode system to be introduced in 2011 .
the postcode for semaphore is 5019 .
in the 2006 australian bureau of statistics census of population and housing , the population of the summer hill postcode area was 6,130 people , in an area of 1.1 square kilometres .
the postcode for bloxwich is ws3 , it also covers the suburban centre of pelsall .
during the second series , the family receive a final demand for council tax from " limebridge council " , sent to the fictional address of 19 keely road , london , w4 2cf which is a chiswick postcode .
mitchell ( postcode : 2911 ) is a light - industrial estate of canberra , australia in the district of gungahlin .
things changed somewhat due to the kennett government 's postcode 3000 planning policy in the 1990s , which provided incentives for living in the central area .
it has post office postcode number of 384230 .
the postcode district has a population of 28,095 in 12,842 residential properties and the greatest number ( 62.2% ) of the properties are abc1 , middle - class , comfortable and privately - owned victorian homes .
a ' buddy system ' exists in which a member can enter their postcode ; a list of results will show like - minded people within a certain radius who are prepared to go to court with that member in the event of a court case , for moral support .
the cheadle and gatley urban district covered a much larger area than the current cheadle and gatley ward , including not only cheadle and gatley but also cheadle hulme and heald green ( approximately the current sk8 postcode area ) .
ne3 is the postcode area for gosforth and bt landlines start with ( 0191 ) 213 , 217 , 223 , 226 , 236 , 255 , 279 , 284 , and 285 .
the square is within the london borough of southwark , but as it is located in postcode se11 it is commonly confused as being in lambeth .
kalumburu ( postcode 6740 ) , previously known as drysdale river mission , is the northernmost settlement in western australia .
the postcode is 834600 .
some postcode areas straddle england 's borders with wales and scotland .
burra is an australian district and parish of rural smallholdings lying 20 kilometers to the south of queanbeyan , new south wales in palerang council , postcode 2620 .
the g81 postcode is the most widely used in the area , but the bowling and old kilpatrick areas of the town use g60 .
fans have tried to pinpoint the location using this postcode , however , in reality london east postal districts stop at e18 ; the show 's creators opted for e20 instead of e19 as it was thought to sound better .
this is used on the signs of post offices , on post boxes , and it is also sometimes used before the postcode on letters .
some consider hale end to be part of highams park as there is no break in the rows of houses between the two areas , whereas others consider it to be a different place as it originated from a different village settlement and has a different postcode district .
the postcode district is mostly within the london borough of southwark , with some sections in the south west around west dulwich and tulse hill in the london borough of lambeth .
the n postcode area does not cover all of north london however .
it is in the redland city council local government area and has the postcode 4184 .
the postcode district covers the most northerly parts of the london borough of croydon , including south norwood , selhurst and woodside .
it is east of leeds city centre and lies in the ls14 leeds postcode area .
it falls under the borough of test valley for administrative purposes but its postcode is tidworth in wiltshire for royal mail purposes .
its postcode is 5011 .
the postcode district is ab53 .
in common with the english - speaking world , addresses in australia put the street number — which may be a range — before the street name , and the placename before the postcode .
campbell ( postcode : 2612 ) is a suburb of canberra , australian capital territory , australia .
its postcode is 5259 .
the stop number is five to seven digits : the first four being the postcode , with the remainder identifying the specific stop ( sometimes written with a space in between , eg . " 2000 108 " ) .
hp postcode area .
some criticisms of the customer satisfaction survey includes mild data protection concerns , as persons filling out the form are asked to optionally include their name , postcode and email .
the city 's postcode is 90 000 .
international motor racing takes place at silverstone circuit and rockingham motor speedway ; santa pod raceway is just over the border in bedfordshire but has a northants postcode .
postcode 3000 was a planning policy for melbourne , australia coordinated by the city of melbourne and supported by the state government , then under the newly elected premier jeff kennett ( lib ) .
manston lies in the ls15 postcode area .
although the majority of people in the uk use the postcode , the mailsort code is now used for automated sorting .
liverpool one opened fully in october 2008 being the redevelopment of a large part of the postcode area l1—hence the name .
it stated that eamon ryan was finalising the proposals , which include a 6 character format postcode , giving a sample of " d04 123 " where " d04 " corresponds to the current dublin 4 postal region and " 123 " is a specific group of buildings .
there are no medical facilities available in the immediate kellyville postcode .
the postcode is 2015 .
the postcode of wye river is 3221 .
here is a population breakdown of the postcode area in comparison with the uk population .
its postcode is 6014 .
tr postcode area .
in the 2001 australian bureau of statistics census of population and housing , the population of the newtown postcode area was 15,027 people , in an area of 1.9 square kilometres .
responsibility for the postal system rests with an post , a semi - state body ; however , the department of communications , energy and natural resources retains the right to regulate addresses , and has disagreed with an post over whether there is a need to introduce postcode system .
ironically , because of the re - organisation of county boundaries in 1974 , its administrative headquarters are in faringdon , oxfordshire , which has a sn ( swindon , wiltshire ) postcode .
an enhanced search on the london hotels pages of the site enables users to find hotels by nearest tube station , specific london area or london postcode .
castlecrag shares its postcode , 2068 , with the surrounding suburbs of willoughby , middle cove and north willoughby .
prescot is a town and civil parish , within the metropolitan borough of knowsley in merseyside , england and a ' post town ' in the l postcode area .
use of the full stops ended with the implementation of the national postcode system .
the 2004 " wealth of the nation " report listed the kings hill postcode sector ( me19 4 ) , as having the highest average income and the highest proportion of households earning greater than £ 100,000 per annum in great britain .
the postcode is 2615 .
balgowlah heights shares the postcode 2093 with the adjacent balgowlah and north balgowlah .
in response to this the postcode lottery began to hold a weekly draw to win a selection of ipod mini 's and giving " early bird " players in the lottery five extra tickets into the mini cooper draw .
people 's postcode lottery .
sg postcode area .
the postcode is 2209 , which is shared by narwee .
it forms part of the richmond post town in the tw postcode area .
cradoc ( australian postcode 7109 ) is a small township on the eastern side of the huon river south of huonville , tasmania .
the postcode is 2618 .
the current e postcode area was originally formed in 1866 as a merger of the e and ne areas created in 1858 .
whitkirk lies within the ls15 postcode area .
in the 2006 australian bureau of statistics census of population and housing , the population of the mascot postcode area was 8517 people .
the stadium 's postcode is da1 1rt , the closest possible representation of the word " dart " .
postcode , 2 . , city ( most general ) 3 . , street ( more specific ) 4 . , house number ( most specific )
ip postcode area .
its postcode is 6056 .
wc postcode area .
the royal mail postcode is np13 2ay .
the post town for this postcode is london .
guildford west shares the postcode of 2161 with the separate suburbs of guildford and old guildford .
the postcode for those using satellite navigation is hu16 5jq .
the bbc has local radio stations in the channel islands , and a web site run by a team based on the isle of man , and while the islands took over responsibility for their own post and telecommunications , they continue to participate in the uk telephone numbering plan and the islands have adapted their postcode systems to be compatible with the uk .
the postcode address file code of practice does not allow for changes in the former postal county .
doherty chose wiltshire to seek ' peace and quiet ' , and also because his probation order does n't allow him to live in a residence with a london postcode .
postcode defined circulation .
these earlier districts were later incorporated into the national postcode system .
the postcode is 834400 .
wd postcode area .
kiveton park lays claim to being in rotherham borough council , has a sheffield postcode , a worksop telephone code , and has the chesterfield canal running through it !
see hs postcode area .
it is made up of two localities , eungai rail and eungai creek , although both have the same postcode .
w postcode area .
the royal mail postcode begins with sy7 .
each week a draw is made and if your postcode and other numbers match the winning code , cash or other prizes are given out .
the postcode is 2905 .
se24 is the postcode for herne hill in the london borough of lambeth and the london borough of southwark .
one should put only one space between the town / city and the postcode .
taplan ( , postcode 5333 , altitude 68 m ) is a town in the murray mallee region of south australia near the border with victoria .
its postcode is 6164 .
it was the latter that stuck ( e8 is the postcode for hackney ) in the early months of creative process .
the current postcode districts are relatively recent divisions of the wc1 and wc2 districts established in 1917 .
he chose the number 13 shirt because it was his postcode back when he lived in marseille .
the postcode begins sy5 .
compared to the bbc scotland television studio it is much smaller , this is why stv 's postcode challenge is recorded in the at the bbc scotland hq .
dy postcode area .
freesat receivers ask for a postcode during installation , but this is just to determine which regional services to select .
wv postcode area .
this boundary crosses the a180 just west of the a1173 and follows drain along the western edge of the " kiln lane " industrial estate , and is also the postcode boundary ( dn41 and dn40 ) , and meets the humber just of chemicals ( owned by total ) .
its postcode is 6008 .
this area was originally part of the suburb of punchbowl and still shares it 's postcode of 2196 .
the article concluded saying that annual maintenance costs for a postcode management licence holder which would include maintaining the necessary database of buildings are estimated " at about € 2.5 million " but the minister was reported as saying that " ongoing costs would be covered by income generated by the eventual licence holder " .
acton ( postcode : 2601 ) is a suburb of canberra , australia .
located in the commuter belt of london , the village is the most expensive postcode to purchase a property in the country outside of london .
it lies within the city of onkaparinga and has postcode 5157 .
en postcode area .
it lies within the city of onkaparinga and has postcode 5163 .
postcode : iv3 5ss
hx postcode area .
the church building is situated in beaconsfield road , kelvindale ( within the g12 postcode area ) .
its postcode is 3161 .
its postcode is 2541 .
despite the name , the sheffield business awards allows nominations for all businesses who are situated in the 's ' postcode area .
it lies within the city of onkaparinga and has postcode 5161 .
bl postcode area .
a postal code ( known in various countries as a post code , postcode , or zip code ) is a series of letters and/or digits appended to a postal address for the purpose of sorting mail .
royal mail 's tn postcode main sorting office is located on vale road in the town .
wr postcode area .
further to this , the postcode has been used by organisations for other applications including government statistics , marketing , calculation of car and household insurance premiums and credit referencing .
the postcode is 2600 .
the company that makes winfixer , winsoftware ltd. , claims to be based in liverpool , england ( stanley street , postcode : 13088 . )
the former postal counties were removed in 2000 from its postcode address file database and included in an " alias file " , which is used to cross - references details that may be added by users but are no longer required , such as former street names or historic , administrative and former postal counties .
for example , an address in dublin 4 might have the postcode d04123 .
its postcode is dublin 12 .
the current postcode districts are relatively recent divisions of the ec1 , ec2 , ec3 and ec4 districts established in 1917 .
bow has become associated with the e3 postcode district , which includes the surrounding districts of bromley - by - bow , old ford , mile end and the transpontine three mills in newham .
the area was given the postcode 3004 , and was allowed to use the title " melbourne " , effectively extending the central business district area .
mooloolah is under the postcode 4553 , and hence is in the federal electoral area of fisher
the postcode is 5271 .
the postcode area covers the london borough of tower hamlets , the london borough of waltham forest and the london borough of newham and parts of the london borough of hackney and the london borough of redbridge .
duffy ( postcode : 2611 ) is a suburb in the canberra district of weston creek .
bredbo ( postcode : 2626 ) is a village on the monaro plains of new south wales , australia .
gl postcode area .
whitefoot is covered by two postcode areas br1 covering the south and se6 covering the north ; most of their common boundary follows whitefoot lane .
linden shares the 2778 postcode and thus a post office with adjoining woodford , so there are no official figures on the population of linden alone .
ch postcode area .
the numbered sub - districts were later used as the outward code ( first half ) of the postcode system implemented during the 1970s .
duddenhoe end is a small village in northwest essex , postcode cb11 , in between royston and saffron walden .
waramanga ( postcode : 2611 ) is a suburb of canberra , australian capital territory , australia located in the district of weston creek .
the military district number is also the basis of the australian postcode numbering system .
located within the ts3 postcode area , it is also known as pallister park or pally park because of the public park located at the estates northern edge .
the postcode for blackpool urban area is fy ( for fylde ) , making it one of the few districts with a code not named after the largest town or city .
cameo uk has been built at postcode level and classifies over 60 million british consumers .
the royal mail postcode begins ll75 .
the street prize presenter and public face of " people 's postcode lottery " , his contract has not been renewed by stv .
west bromwich is the largest town in the united kingdom without its own royal mail postcode .
crews hill ıs a railway station in enfield in the postcode en2 ; it is on an access road just off cattlegate road and is very close to the m25 .
the street is located off of the a630 sheffield road in the dn12 3bn postcode of conisbrough , and is approximately 150 feet ( 47 m ) long , intersecting with two streets — butterbusk and ravens walk — at the south end .
its address is ōtemae 3 - 1 - 43 , chūō - ku , osaka city , postcode 540 - 0008 .
most residences however have a nottingham address with the nottingham postcode prefix ng , and use the nottingham telephone area code 0115 .
it is located on the eastern edge of the town , in the infamous hp3 postcode .
however , the royal mail discourage this usage because their optical character recognition technology and mailsort lookup tables check for the post town at the beginning of a line if the postcode is missing , unreadable or incorrect .
ll postcode area .
postcode also now relate closely with localities boundaries .
the postcode is 836200 .
a further walksort product is available to those who wish to post to many of the addresses in an area and who can present mail sorted first by mailsort code and then by walk number ( the second half of the postcode ) .
while primarily a street directory , melway editions also contain details on public transport ( train , tram , and bus routes , tickets and prices ) , bicycle paths , suburb and postcode details , public parks and reserves , landmarks ( such as commercial buildings , telephone boxes , pubs and restaurants ) , attractions , and also boat mooring details in recognised docks .
macarthur ( postcode 2904 ) is a suburb in the canberra district of tuggeranong .
the island 's postcode is pa41 .
the postcode is 834500 .
the programme is also combined with the swedish postcode lottery in a twice - weekly format .
tarlee ( , postcode 5411 , altitude 246 m ) is a town in south australia .
bt postcode area .
adjacent macquarie university was issued with its own postcode by australia post , 2109 , in the late 1980s .
northfield ( , postcode 5085 , altitude 72 m ) is a suburb of the greater adelaide , south australia area .
