the stinger of the asian giant hornet is about 6 mm ( ¼ in ) in length , and injects an especially potent venom that contains , like many bee and wasp venoms , a cytolytic peptide ( specifically , a mastoparan ) that can damage tissue by stimulating phospholipase action , in addition to its own intrinsic phospholipase .
also a new and potent model was released , the rs1800 , which had an 1800 cc version of the bda engine .
other coumarins used as rodenticides include coumatetralyl and brodifacoum , which is sometimes referred to as " super - warfarin " , because it is more potent , longer - acting , and effective even in rat and mouse populations that are resistant to warfarin .
histrionicotoxin is a less powerful toxin compared to many of the other alkaloids found in poison frogs , however it has an unusual chemical structure and a distinct mechanism of action , acting as a potent non - competitive antagonist of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors , binding to a regulatory site on the delta subunit of the ion channel complex .
it is a potent coagulant .
perphenazine is roughly five times as potent as chlorpromazine ; thus perphenazine is considered a medium - potency antipsychotic .
coupled with hms " albion " and hms " ocean " , as well as other amphibious ships , it provides a much improved and potent amphibious capability for the royal navy .
like other " taricha " members , the glands in the skin of " t. torosa " secrete the potent neurotoxin tetrodotoxin , which is hundreds of times more toxic than cyanide .
as such it is one of the most potent immunosuppressive substances and is administered to control the steroid- and/or polyclonal antibodies - resistant acute rejection episodes .
as an added precaution , " clostridium botulinum " endospore production enables the organism to produce the potent neurotoxin , and therefore all home - canned vegetables and meats should be boiled without tasting for 10 minutes plus one minute per 1,000 feet above sea level ( 15 minutes at 5,000 feet ) .
designed through the use of molecular modeling techniques , it is a potent and specific in vitro inhibitor of human renin ( ic50 in the low nanomolar range ) , with a plasma half - life of ≈24 hours .
like the other hallucinogenic plants consumed by them , craós " wajacas " consider it a potent entheogen , not to be taken by the uninitiated .
the leaves and the fruits contain the potent cardiac substance ( a glycoside ) called cerberin , which is extremely poisonous if ingested .
dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors ( dpp-4 inhibitors ) are enzyme inhibitors that inhibit the enzyme dipeptidyl peptidase-4 ( dpp-4 ) and are a potent treatment for type 2 diabetes
current research direction are starting to give more prominence to the tocotrienols , the lesser known but more potent antioxidants in the vitamin e family .
the line is notable as a top offensive line , the top line of all time for the senators , and is widely regarded as one of the top lines in the nhl earning such quotes as ' best trio in the nhl ' , ' most dangerous line in hockey ' , ' high - flying trio ' , " league 's highest scoring line " and ' potent first line ' in the sports media and hockey fans , both of the senators and other teams .
in front of goal the piranhas were no less potent , beating northern virginia royals 4 - 0 in may , putting 5 goals past them in the return fixture in june , and destroying delaware dynasty 7 - 1 on the road in july , when aaron wheeler and zach kinney both scored hat tricks .
nitric oxide ( no ) is a small uncharged molecule that easily diffuses into adjacent tissues with a very potent regional vaso - dilatory effect .
like most vipers , the ovophis okinavensis 's venom is mainly hemotoxin with potent cytotoxicity factors .
very perceptive , coeus noticed that the saint 's blow , whilst extremely potent , was performed in a real fight for the first time .
he makes clear that a large number of compounds were made , and many of the less potent derivatives reported in the open literature as new organophosphate insecticides , so that the secret chemical weapons program could be disguised as legitimate pesticide research .
this initial mention is elaborated upon in a 1959 research journal article , where its method of synthesis is discussed in greater detail , its tumor inhibiting properties are verified , and it is noted as being a “ potent orally active anabolic agent exhibiting only weak androgenic activity . ”
the identification of emetine as a more potent agent improved the treatment of amoebiasis .
this structure gave much improved cutting power and endurance , and the production technique led to japanese swords ( katana ) being recognized as some of the most potent hand weapons of pre - industrial east asia .
" tender , frustrated , unsentimental - this potent memoir holds little joy for zimbabwe but is fiercely proud of its subjects ' unyielding integrity . "
lestat 's blood is powerful ; mona learns this quickly and discovers that she can easily dispatch inferior vampires with the powerful gifts that lestat 's potent blood has bestowed upon her .
acetylcholine on the other hand induced a much longer opening time of the receptor though anatoxin is more potent .
she was taken in by gestahl , who saw heritage as a potent weapon , and after extensive training and manipulation , she was able to destroy fifty magitek soldiers in a single exercise .
the most potent toxin present in these mushrooms is α-amanitin .
moderate ( 2 - 25 times as potent as hydrocortisone )
zaragozic acids are potent inhibitors of " s. cervisiae " , fungal and mammalian squalene synthase and therefore inhibitors of sterol synthesis .
ciclosporin prevents the mitochondrial permeability transition pore from opening , thus inhibiting cytochrome c release , a potent apoptotic stimulation factor .
" titanophoneus potens " ( " potent titanic murderer " ) was a carnivorous therapsid of the dinocephalia group related to the estemmenosuchidae but living 5 million years later than estemmenosuchus uralensis and estemmenosuchus mirabilis during the late permian .
perlecan is a potent inhibitor of smooth muscle cell proliferation and is thus thought to help maintain vascular homeostasis .
dobutamine is administered as a racemic mixture consisting of both ( + ) and ( − ) isomers ; the ( + ) isomer is a potent β1 agonist and α1 antagonist , while the ( − ) isomer is an α1 agonist .
mcpherson 's height ( 6 ft 3 ) ensured he was a commanding presence defensively , as well as a potent attacking weapon , both as a goalscoring threat and a targetman for flick - ons .
though it has long been widely assumed that dopaminergic modulation is solely responsible for the respective antidepressant and antipsychotic properties of amisulpride , it has recently shown that it also acts as a potent antagonist at the 5-ht7 receptor .
each sector is decorated with various small decorative symbols such as stars , moons , potent crosses or rosettes .
the potent polyvalent term " maban " also shares meanings with the term ' shaman ' and may be employed to denote clever women and clever men directly .
in 1929 , slotta and tschesche discovered its sugar - lowering action in rabbits , noting that it was the most potent of the biguanide analogs they studied .
these peer - reviewed grants are often the first recognition of potent concepts that eventually lead to major , wide - scale research projects and innovation in the nursing profession .
statins , the most potent cholesterol - lowering agents available , lower ldl cholesterol ( so - called " bad cholesterol " ) by 1.8 mmol / l .
elllis , alongside pk subban also successfully anchored the unique quarterback style powerplay which was one of the canadian team 's most potent weapon throughout the tournament .
but then it was found this potent pill made the strongest men quite ill .
gangsterism is a potent feature of pollsmoor prison life , and gangs are segregated into three separate sections on a single floor , accommodating a total of between 500 and 750 .
these prophets were a potent political force .
for example , it is known that helminth infections cause potent and highly polarized immune response characterized by increased t - helper cell type 2 ( th2 ) cytokine and immunoglobulin(ig)e production .
widow spiders have more potent venom than most spiders , and prior to the development of antivenin , 5% of reported bites resulted in fatalities .
consequently even though rb-101 is able to produce potent analgesic effects via the opioid system , it is unlikely to be addictive .
identifying these clusters and using them to represent the joint provides the basis for great efficiency of storage ( relative to the full joint distribution ) as well as for potent inference algorithms .
rowe argues that the common - law right to a jury trial is implied in the constitutional provision for " a fair hearing within a reasonable time , by an independent and impartial court established by law , " concluding that the constitution had been " shorn of its most potent and ancient safeguard , trial by jury . "
after standing up to the combined assaults of quicksilver , crystal , and the high evolutionary , rakkus was stunned by a more potent blast from the evolutionary .
lsu had no real trouble in winning its first 6 games in 1959 , though its offense was not as potent as 1958 's .
phytoene and phytofluene were initially discovered as a potent and stable substitutes to pigmented carotenoids to protect the skin via oral and mostly topical application .
although in the later seasons new enemies have taken some of the attention away from the wraith , they remain a potent and ever - present threat to the atlantis expedition .
since fentanyl itself is already highly potent , 3-methylfentanyl is extremely dangerous when used recreationally , and has resulted in many deaths among opiate addicts using the drug .
aragorn bears the sword andúril , a potent weapon against the evil of mordor and a symbol of his right to rule .
in vitro , it is , in general , twice as potent as ofloxacin , whereas d - ofloxacin is less active against mycobacteria .
ian glasper described the ep as " one of the most potent anti - war records ever made " .
dextroprotiline acts as a potent norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and h1 receptor antagonist , as well as a very weak α1-adrenergic receptor antagonist .
it is a potent analgesic with around the same potency as morphine , with a long duration of action and high oral bioavailability .
a later study found that erythorbic acid is a potent enhancer of nonheme - iron absorption .
hgtx2 , hgtx3 , hgtx4 and hgtx5 are potent selective inhibitors of kv1 voltage - gated potassium channels ( ) .
" the sorceresses are universally feared on account of their potent magic .
potassium permanganate , sodium permanganate and barium permanganate are all potent oxidizers .
riot i possesses all the powers the original venom has , including suit generated webbing , shape - shifting , superstrength , can expel a potent acid from his suit , and the ability to be undetected by spider - man 's " spider - sense " .
it has been suggested that sterigmatocystin is about 1/10 as potent a carcinogen as aflatoxin b1 .
a master of parliamentary law he is frequently called upon to preside , and his voice is potent , both in speech upon the floor of the senate and in private conference in the shaping of the great policies of his party and the nation .
dr. druker tested several , and imatinib was the most potent , and unusually , had almost no effect on normal cells .
this is particularly useful when processing , toxic or highly potent compounds .
the defense registered six sacks and limited the once - potent arizona state attack to 175 yards and a pair of field goals .
because of its strong anxiolytic , anticonvulsant and euphoric properties , it is said to be among the class of " highly potent " benzodiazepines .
panaeolus tropicalis is a potent and hallucinogenic mushroom which contains psilocybin .
these changes increased the bioavailability metiamide so that it is 10 times more potent than burimamide in inhibiting histamine - stimulated release of gastric acid .
some historians have come to believe that jinnah did not actually want the partition of the indian subcontinent , but used it as a potent weapon to secure greater political power for indian muslims .
however while vuf-5681 blocks the activity of more potent h3 agonists , recent studies suggest that it may have some weak partial agonist activity when administered by itself .
according to sewell : " that there is a zionist lobby and that it is rich , potent , and effective goes largely unquestioned on the left . "
octreotide ( brand name sandostatin , novartis pharmaceuticals ) is an octapeptide that mimics natural somatostatin pharmacologically , though it is a more potent inhibitor of growth hormone , glucagon , and insulin than the natural hormone .
he gained control of a potent artifact known as the dragon orb of silvanesti which he took from the dying elven king lorac caladon .
it is a very potent blood schizonticide with a long half - life .
these units have no artificial intelligence like the original arms units and are not as powerful as the original or the keith series arms units , but are nonetheless extremely potent weapons in their own right .
interfungins a , a compound isolated from the fruiting body of phellinus linteus , is a potent protein glycation inhibitor .
other key acquisitions included veterans kevin willis , sedale threatt and eddie johnson to provide an already potent rockets starting lineup a deep bench .
according to kripal , the gnostic texts " consistently [ present ] mary as an inspired visionary , as a potent spiritual guide , as jesus ' intimate companion , even as the interpreter of his teaching " .
nalbuphine is a potent analgesic .
it is the most potent peptide vasodilator and can function in the transmission of pain .
despite the fact that rifamycin b is a mild antibacterial compound , it is known to be the precursor of various other clinically - utilized potent derivatives .
arriving san diego 18 june 1942 , she took part in amphibious landing exercises until august , helping to mold the potent american assault forces which would be a decisive factor in the pacific war .
during this rebuild , the heavy muzzle - loading gun was replaced with a more modern 12 cm breech - loader , and on " nor " and " vidar " one of the 37 mm guns was replaced with a more potent 47 mm gun .
kale , as with broccoli and other brassicas , contains sulforaphane ( particularly when chopped or minced ) , a chemical believed to have potent anti - cancer properties .
these four works were greeted with signal and general applause , including that of titian 's intimate , the too potent pietro aretino , with whom tintoretto , one of the few men who scorned to curry favor with him , was mostly in disrepute .
if this plant were lost to extinction , then the ability to control malaria , even today a potent killer , would diminish .
it is slightly less potent than fentanyl in rats .
the most potent opposition to technoromanticism seems to come less from a return to rationalism than from arguments advanced from the positions of embodiment , situated cognition , pragmatism , phenomenology , and the strategies of deconstruction as outlined in the context of digital computing by winograd and flores , clark , dreyfus and coyne .
acetates of glycols are a similar kind of potent solvents .
one compound , coded " bw a509u " , was tested and demonstrated potent activity against mouse viruses .
it is a potent analog of amiloride , and is marketed as the hydrochloride salt ( benzamil hydrochloride ) .
after beth concludes that , from her point of view , norman may be a threat to her , he is now at the mercy of her new power as she starts irrationally planting potent explosives around the spacecraft and the deep sea habitat in an act of self - destruction .
systemic and respiratory tract ( rt ) toxicity was analyzed for 28 days in a nose specific inhalation 2008 study in wistar rats ; tea seems to be less potent in regard to systemic toxicity and rt irritancy than diethanolamine ( dea ) .
jarhead bob , jarhead tim , and jarhead ned are tricks that have dungeon lab samples in potent juice .
a-372,159 is a drug which acts as a potent and selective partial agonist for the 5ht2c receptor , with more than 100x selectivity over the closely related 5-ht2b receptor and a ki of 3nm. it has been found to produce anorectic effects in animal studies and produced significant weight loss in rats with no development of tolerance or serious side effects .
the villagers brew a potent alcoholic beverage in a matter of days , which finds a ready market in the american army .
in 1995 , a fifth - grader in lusaka said of jenkem to a reporter from ips , an independent wire service , " old man , this is more potent than cannabis . " in a bbc report four years later , 16-year - old luke mpande stated his preference for jenkem over other inhalants , "
initially it was thought that agonists could be used as potent and prolonged stimulators of pituitary gonadotropin release , but it was soon recognized that agonists , after their initial stimulating action – termed a “ flare ”
in piers anthony 's " bearing an hourglass " , the potent hourglass of the incarnation of time naturally moves the incarnation in space according to the numerous movements of the globe through the solar system , the solar system through the galaxy , etc . ; but by carefully negating some of the movements he can also travel in space within the limits of the planet .
it has general properties similar to those of haloperidol , but is considerably more potent by weight , and causes relatively more severe side effects , especially tardive dyskinesia and other extrapyramidal effects .
he declares that the gods odin and thor are angry with gerðr , and that freyr will hate her ; she has " brought down the potent wrath of the gods " .
in the " scotsman on sunday " , michael mcmanus was particularly complimentary , comparing " manifest destiny " to michael tippett ’s " a child of our time " and praising the “ brave , touching and timely work ” as “ a dazzling , dark opera ... affecting , bold , potent and perhaps most importantly of all , packed with melodic invention …
in 1974 , a " time " magazine article entitled " return of a supergroup " quipped that the supergroup was a " potent but short - lived rock phenomenon " which was an " amalgam formed by the talented malcontents of other bands . "
it is made out of cannabis and is very potent due to its high thc concentration , which generally varies between 15 and 20% , but can reach 60 to 70% in some cases .
in 1968 , robert barry is quoted as saying " nothing seems to me the most potent thing in the world . "
seeing his wife and some friends in danger his need to act called out and something answered . reciting off unknown spells he creates a flying horse and carriage out of a cloud and rides down to rescue the fighters below displaying godlike power in the form of potent and great unknown spells .
for anti - tank use , the 25 pdr was also supplied with a limited amount of 20 pound ( 9 kg ) solid armour - piercing ( ap ) shot , later replaced with a more potent version with a ballistic cap ( apbc ) .
it is a very potent inhibitor of the protein phosphatases pp1 and pp2a. tautomycin demonstrates a slight preference for pp1 inhibition relative to pp2a inhibition .
the more - potent ( but otherwise similar ) ferrari 212 inter was introduced at the 1951 paris show and outlived the 195 .
in the light of these potent signs of a great disturbance , the criminal investigation department sent a memo to the colonial secretary suggesting moving maria back to york hill to avoid further inciting muslim anger .
others conclude that it never could have evolved into a major force in the american labor movement : the uaw was no longer a potent political force by 1968 , the uaw was on the verge losing half a million members and agreeing to major contract concessions in the auto industry , and neither the uaw nor teamsters had much organizing capacity ( neither had engaged in any significant efforts to organize new members for decades ) .
hodge was most known for his potent scoring ability since his high school days at laurel park high school in martinsville , virginia .
the most potent isomer was ea-2233 - 2 , with an active dose range in humans of 0.5 - 2.8 μg / kg ( i.e. ~35 - 200 μg for a 70 kg adult ) .
it was first developed in the 1970s , mainly for research into the metabolism of , and as a comparison tool to other amphetamines .. rodent studies have demonstrated propylamphetamine to be only slightly less potent and active than amphetamine .
c-301 is also used as a stopgap measure to replace the obsolete c-601 anti - ship missile , the air - launched version of the silkworm missile carried on the xi’an h-6 bomber ( with one missile under each wing , like the c-601 ) , until the more potent supersonic anti - ship missiles such as the russian kh-41 , the air - launched version of the ss - n-22 become widely available .
it is also a potent vasoconstrictor .
it acts a potent and selective dopamine reuptake inhibitor ( dri ) and is therefore a stimulant .
the quinazoline based compounds showed potent inhibition and excellent selectivity over related protease , dpp-8 .
these substances are extremely potent .
tricyclic antidepressants such as doxepin , also are often potent h1 and h2 antagonists and may have a role in therapy , although side effects limit their use .
however , this demonstration became a potent symbol of anti - japanese resistance and led to patriotic groups sprouting around the country .
it was originally believed to act as a selective 5-ht1a receptor antagonist , but subsequent research showed that it also acts as potent full agonist at the d4 receptor .
basson brownies or basson 's brownies is a term given to the potent ecstasy capsules purportedly manufactured by notorious south african dr. wouter basson .
it has potent aphrodisiac qualities .
pepap could be particularly dangerous as it has been found to be a potent cyp2d6 inhibitor , which makes it likely to cause adverse interactions with some other drugs .
the new philosophy proved to be potent , as the lakers started off strong , winning 31 of their first 36 games .
this was , by far , the most potent rifle caliber ammunition in existence at the time .
so the d-3-mercapto-2-methylpropanoyl - l - proline or captopril was the most potent inhibitor .
the immediate result of the african trip was the establishment of collins’ name as a potent new view visual commentator on the human condition . ”
the bruce resistance to balliol may have been verging on collapse in 1335 but a turn - round in the scots ' fortunes began with the appearance of andrew murray of bothwell as a potent war leader at the battle of culblean .
the stability of some of the more potent quinuclidine amide derivatives in rat " in vitro " models have been low however by adding a methyl group to position 2 on the quinuclidine ring the stability has increased greatly .
james 's difficulties with the commons and his waning public popularity notwithstanding , the sensational discovery of the gunpowder plot aroused a potent wave of national relief at the delivery of the king and his sons and inspired in the ensuing parliament a mood of loyalty and goodwill which salisbury astutely exploited to extract higher subsidies for the king than any but one granted in elizabeth 's reign .
two publishers bid for that novel , " potent pleasures " , netting bly an advance that paid off her student loans in full .
the flavor of the chicken in chicken soup is most potent when the chicken is simmered in water with salt and only a few vegetables , such as onion , carrots , and celery .
as with skunks , ferrets can release their anal gland secretions when startled or scared , but the smell is much less potent and dissipates rapidly .
different than his vietnamese predecessors , ngô sĩ liên did not limit his references in official documents related to history but he also extracted information from " việt điện u linh tập " ( " compilation of the potent spirits in the realm of việt " ) and " lĩnh nam chính quái " ( " extraordinary stories of lĩnh nam " ) which were collections of folk legend and myth but considered by the historian having some credibility about history .
a drug known as [ " u-11,555 " http://www.sciencebase.com/serendipity_and_science.html ] is more potent than nafoxidine but also causes photosensitivity ( as for example does psoralen ) .
because of its various potent anti - cancer properties , the national cancer institute of the united states has begun clinical trials of dim as a therapeutic for numerous forms of cancer .
as well as acting as an antihistamine , levocabastine has also subsequently been found to act as a potent and selective antagonist for the neurotensin receptor nts2 , and was the first drug used to characterise the different neurotensin subtypes .
" mirabilis " , has potent cytotoxic activity against p388 leukemia cells .
small molecules may be rigid and potent but unable to occupy or block the area between the receptive sites .
risher struggled in week 7 , giving way to krueger after 2 interceptions in an ugly 44 - 23 loss to the potent johnnie walton - led boston breakers .
diflucortolone valerate ( also " nerisone " cream / oily cream / ointment , " neriderm " ointment , japanese is a corticosteroid、rated class 2 " potent " ( 100 - 150 times ) in new zealand topical steroid system .
in fact , the toxin is depicted as being potent enough to render gas masks useless , as do modern nerve gases .
the more specific obligation , and more potent is found in article 86 ec , which states ,
it is much more potent an antagonist , and more selective for the cb1 receptor over cb2 , than the more commonly used ligand rimonabant , with a ki at cb1 of 350fm ( i.e. 0.00035nm ) and a selectivity of over 60,000x for cb1 over cb2 .
it is said the wails of the banshee can be heard echoing the valleys and glens at night , scaring those who hear as the wail of a banshee is potent and instills fear in good people .
however , wands belonging to other wizards can be used to a comparatively less potent effect .
furthermore , hesse described his father 's baltic german heritage as " an important and potent fact " of his developing identity .
furthermore , evolution has already carried out a screening process itself whereby plants are more likely to survive if they contain potent compounds which deter animals or insects from eating them .
there was also a misconception hemp had an intoxicating effect because it has the same active substance , thc , which is in potent cannabis strains ; however , hemp only has minimal amount of thc when compared to recreational cannabis strains .
lu ae58054 is a potent and selective 5-ht6 receptor antagonist under development by lundbeck as an augmentation therapy for the treatment of cognitive deficits associated with alzheimer 's disease and schizophrenia .
it 's a potent reminder of why she is such a mega - star in the latin pop world , and poses the question of when the english - speaking pop world is going to wake up and take notice . "
while many novel , potent and selective 5-ht2a agonists have been developed for this application , retaining peripheral selectivity can be a problem , and several of the more lipophilic compounds closely related to al-34662 such as those shown below , did cross the blood - brain barrier and produced hallucinogen - appropriate responding in animals .
hirudin is the most potent natural inhibitor of thrombin .
erlotinib has recently been shown to be a potent inhibitor of jak2v617f activity .
about 9 years before the clone wars began , some of these spiders were brought to ryloth and altered to produce the more potent narcotic " glitteryll " .
in truth , rukhs were first summoned to aio from the plane of fire millennia ago , but their fiery beings were so potent that they could not be effectively used in battle .
however , there was one question he kept putting back , but then forgot to answer the next day , and the next day , and the next day , and it never did get answered in the end — " what is the world 's most potent aphrodisiac ? "
aminophylline is less potent and shorter - acting than theophylline .
dams and weirs blocking migration of australian bass both to estuaries and to the upper freshwater reaches of coastal rivers is the most potent cause of decline .
" potent " is an old word for a crutch , and is used in heraldic terminology to describe a t shape .
he is one of many bronco backs to have success in denver 's potent run blocking system in recent years , along with davis , mike anderson , clinton portis , reuben droughns , tatum bell , mike bell and selvin young .
saadia 's arabic translation of the bible is of importance for the history of civilization ; itself a product of the arabization of a large portion of judaism , it served for centuries as a potent factor in the impregnation of the jewish spirit with arabic culture , so that , in this respect , it may take its place beside the greek bible - translation of antiquity and the german translation of the pentateuch by moses mendelssohn .
udemu na lenu : my fame is potent
i hold that armed opinion is a thousand times stronger than unarmed — and further , that in a national struggle that opinion is the most potent whose sword is sharpest , and whose aim is surest .
the crown of bretonnia is itself a potent magical artifact , first worn by king louis the rash and blessed by a kiss from the lady herself .
another potent blocker from this group is amg0347(fig .
the huffington post"s mike ragogna wrote favorably of its sexual themes and called the album " a potent mix of r&b and rap with the soulful singer - songwriter channeling marvin and smokey on some of the more seductive songs " . "
as it is an extremely potent uncoupler of oxidative phosphorylation
the medusae learned from the first human expedition to their world that the gas rots human flesh , and the medusae use it as a potent chemical weapon , attempting ecological destruction by means of projectiles fired from the moon .
it is an immensely powerful amulet , that contains an unusually strong entity ( enough to ward off the power of ramuthra , a being so potent that it disrupts each of the seven planes ) who can absorb any magical spell or creature that is of lesser strength than the trapped spirit residing in the amulet .
h. p. lovecraft 's essay " supernatural horror in literature " describes the novel as " one of the most potent pieces of macabre imagination ever written " .
ls is usually treated with application of potent steroids , which may cause relief and prevent scarring .
c-8813 has never been used in humans , but would be expected to produce effects similar to those of other potent opioid agonists , including strong analgesia , sedation , euphoria , constipation , itching and respiratory depression which could be harmful or fatal .
a-349,821 is a potent and selective histamine h3 receptor antagonist ( or possibly an inverse agonist ) .
oxygen is a potent radiosensitizer , increasing the effectiveness of a given dose of radiation by forming dna - damaging free radicals .
though as a religious reformer no less than a political leader arnold failed , his teachings on apostolic poverty continued potent after his death , among " arnoldists " and more widely among waldensians and the spiritual franciscans , though no written word of his has survived the official condemnation .
it contains many potent chemicals , and thus must be used with care , as interaction with certain drugs can produce unexpectedly strong effects .
another potent chemical signal is nitric oxide ( no ) , demonstrated to be a major factor in increasing vessel diameter in response to increased flow until the shear stress is restored to the normal level ( tronc " et al . " , 1996 ) .
this drug is a potent chemotherapy and anti rheumatic .
methylphenidate , an amphetamine derivative and potent central nervous system stimulant , can also lead to a psychosis from chronic use .
and in the context of nativism , in some periods a potent political force , " natives " are defined as a ( predominantly white ) group deserving of a special privileged position in comparison to immigrants .
this helped him develop a potent combination of engineering ability and driving skill .
budder is reported as being the purest cannabis product available , at anywhere between 82% and 99.7% thc / cbn / cbd , making it several times more potent than the buds of the cannabis plant that are usually consumed ( 5%–28% ) .
telmisartan has a carboxylic acid at the 2-position of the biphenyl - methyl group and is more potent than the tetrazole analogue .
in addition to its traditional use in rifles , thompson center arms has offered a.45 - 70 barrel in both pistol and rifle lengths for their contender single shot pistol , arguably the most potent caliber offered in the contender frame .
keogh became part of the most potent strike - force in league one , scoring 38 goals between them , with andy netting 15 of them .
" the most potent weapon in the hands of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressed . "
he made his first - team debut in 1975 against stoke city , and would go on to form a potent striking partnership with malcolm macdonald ; the two scored 46 goals between them in 1976–77 .
idol further felt that the camcorder – as displayed in the witnessing of the rodney king beating – was a " potent way of conveying ideas " and an important metaphor for technology used in rebellion .
ssr-180,711 is a drug which acts as a potent and selective partial agonist for the α7 subtype of neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors .
reading " savitri " is itself considered as practice of integral yoga and a potent vehicle of aspiration .
curcuminoids induce glutathione s - transferase and are potent inhibitors of cytochrome p450 .
the discipline 's effects range from the novice ability to use one 's blood as a potent poison to causing an entire cainite bloodline to " weep " blood .
with the advent of steam - powered vessels , with their enhanced speed and lack of dependence for direction on the wind , the ram as a potent weapon of attack gained credibility in naval circles and in ship constructors ' departments .
i think the punch was plenty potent , as everyone seemed in a happy mood .
salivary glands also secrete salivary lipase ( a more potent form of lipase ) to start fat digestion .
dydrogesterone is a potent , orally active progestogen indicated in a wide variety of gynaecological conditions .
and second , it would have dulled his attack on constantine by disentangling the potent alignment between imperial disaster , christianity , and the traditional cult .
the ships were also faster and better armoured than their predecessors and carried a potent secondary armament but these features inevitably increased their weight , with previous battleships seldom topping 10,000 tonnes .
fentanyl is approximately 100 times more potent than morphine , with 100 micrograms of fentanyl approximately equivalent to 10 mg of morphine and 75 mg of pethidine ( meperidine ) in analgesic activity .
claiming one hundred and twenty two lines of speech , she plays a quintessential role in testing sir gawain ’s honour , loyalty , and most importantly his honesty through her sexual innuendoes , where she becomes “ a potent threat to the exclusively masculine code of knightly behaviour .
in these countries , only the e81 1 series coupé and e88 1 series cabriolet are available with bmw 's famous straight 6 ; the e82 3 door hatchback and the e87 5 door hatchback only have 4 cylinder engines and this is the most potent 4 cylinder engine bmw makes .
by placing it within the throne of england , he had a potent symbol of his claim for overlordship .
miller also co - authored an article on pentagon plans to develop a more potent version of weaponized anthrax , " u.s. germ warfare research pushes treaty limits " , published in the " new york times " on september 4 , 2001 , weeks before the first anthrax mailings .
the highly potent synthetic cannabinoid hu-210 , as well as 2-ag , had no mesenteric vasodilator activity .
due to its potent venom and its aggressivity , " odonturus dentatus " is not a good scorpion for a beginner and should only be kept by experienced keepers .
coached by predators assistant peter horachek , the knights featured a potent offense that in 1994 set an echl record with 16 goals in one game .
frequent use of this black powder turns a magic user 's smoke potent for indefinite amount of time .
ginkgo biloba leaves contain long - chain alkylphenols together with the extremely potent allergens , the urushiols ( similar to poison ivy ) .
the biceps slicer can also become a potent armlock when it is applied in this manner , because the leverage causes an elongating and separating tension in the elbow joint , making this a legal technique in judo competition .
bms-564,929 is one such compound currently in early human clinical trials , which is an orally active , potent and selective agonist for androgen receptors ( ki 2.1nm , 20x functional selectivity for muscle tissue over prostate ) and in studies on castrated rats it was shown to counteract decrease in muscle mass over time , and at higher doses even increased muscle mass , without significantly affecting prostate tissue .
their weapons , armor , and magical devices are among the most potent in the world .
spells are ranked by difficulty and effectiveness , and one must gather enough knowledge and practice to qualify to learn more potent magic .
safer " , " less potent " cigarette brands were also introduced .
on 21 march 1739 he was appointed to the ' augusta’ , and in june as commodore of a squadron of observation.274 on 11 july he was promoted to be rear admiral of the blue , and was ordered to gibraltar with 12 ships , having orders either to act separately or to put himself under the command of haddock who already had a strong squadron in the mediterranean , but he soon returned , and the government , dreading a union with [ between ] france and spain , a secret expedition was projected and a potent fleet assembled at spithead in 1740 under sir john norris , philip cavendish , and sir chaloner as rear admiral .
it suggests manipulation of consumer demand so potent that it has a coercive effect , amounts to a departure from free - market capitalism , and has an adverse effect on society in general .
and even though communism was often a prominent supporter of arab nationalism , the international relationships which allowed it to be such a potent force were also used by opposition regimes , and to some extent third parties during the cold war .
aflatoxin b1 , the most toxic , is a potent carcinogen and has been directly correlated to adverse health effects , such as liver cancer , in many animal species .
its muscle relaxant properties are approximately equivalent to those of diazepam - however , it has more powerful sedative , hypnotic , anxiolytic and anticonvulsant effects and is around four times more potent by weight compared to diazepam .
5-(2-aminopropyl)indole ( 5-it ) is an indole derivative which is mentioned in tihkal as a fairly potent and long - lasting stimulant drug .
3-nitrobenzanthrone ( 3-nitro-7"h "- benz[de]anthracen-7-one ) is a chemical emitted in the exhaust fumes of diesel engines which is a potent carcinogen .
it is a potent convulsant and excitotoxin and is used in scientific research .
in addition , amps — such as the potent antimicrobial cathelicidin — trigger tissue repair through activation of epithelial growth and angiogenesis .
h. p. lovecraft wrote that " in " the dead valley " the eminent architect and mediævalist ralph adams cram achieves a memorably potent degree of vague regional horror through subtleties of atmosphere and description . "
autonomous side - effects ( dry mouth , urination - difficulties , obstipation , induction of glaucoma , postural hypotension , and sinus tachycardia ) occur obviously less often than with most other mildly potent antipsychotics .
ppa acts as a potent and selective releasing agent of norepinephrine and epinephrine , or as a norepinephrine releasing agent ( nra ) .
it also acts as a potent , noncompetitive α3β4 neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist , as well as weak serotonin reuptake inhibitor .
in the 19th century nationalism was an especially potent influence on all of these fields .
desipramine is one of the most potent and selective
these impacts can vary : fatal accidents ( e.g. , scavengers buried under waste piles ) ; infrastructure damage ( e.g. , damage to access roads by heavy vehicles ) ; pollution of the local environment ( such as contamination of groundwater and/or aquifers by leakage and residual soil contamination during landfill usage , as well as after landfill closure ) ; offgassing of methane generated by decaying organic wastes ( methane is a greenhouse gas many times more potent than carbon dioxide , and can itself be a danger to inhabitants of an area ) ; harbouring of disease vectors such as rats and flies , particularly from improperly operated landfills , which are common in third - world countries ; injuries to wildlife ; and simple nuisance problems ( e.g. , dust , odour , vermin , or noise pollution ) .
researchers are now investigating the use of " listeria " as a cancer vaccine , taking advantage of its " ability to induce potent innate and adaptive immunity . "
these three metabolites are more potent at1 receptor antagonists than their prodrugs .
to prevent the plant from running to leaf , pliny ( " n.h. " xix . 34 ) advised bending the stalk downward and covering with earth ; seeding , he observes , may be prevented by twisting the stalk ( by " seeding " , he most likely meant the development of small , less potent bulbs ) .
for example is a derivate called ckd-602 , which is a potent topo i inhibitor and successfully overcomes the poor water solubility and toxicity seen with cpt .
this fc - leptin fusion has been experimentally proven to be highly soluble , more biologically potent , and contain a much longer serum half - life .
the orexin peptides bind to the two g - protein coupled orexin receptors , ox1 and ox2 , with orexin - a binding to both ox1 and ox2 with approximately equal affinity while orexin - b binds mainly to ox2 and is 5 times less potent at ox1 .
meanwhile , on the surface , a plot emerges within helios to sterilize the sub - planet with a potent bioweapon and thereby open it to human settlement and exploitation .
the pollen is a known allergen , although not as potent as that of the related " juniperus ashei " ( ashe juniper ) which sheds pollen a month earlier .
these potent terms makes them the primary tools for shaping public decisions .
several of the other atypical antipsychotics such as risperidone and ziprasidone are potent antagonists at the 5-ht7 receptor as well , and selective antagonists of the receptor show antidepressant properties themselves .
triamcinolone acetonide is a more potent type of triamcinolone , being about eight times as effective as prednisone .
it looked very promising in " in vitro " trials proving to be a potent competitive antagonist at the nmda without affecting other receptors .
initially a reserve behind al cervi and red holzman , wanzer later teamed with davies to form a potent backcourt for the day .
excessive nitric oxide produced during reperfusion reacts with superoxide to produce the potent reactive species peroxynitrite .
despite this , gold is a relatively non - potent contact allergen , in comparison with metals like nickel .
the nettle 's sting is rated from " moderate " to " severe " and can be pernicious to smaller prey ; it is not , however , potent enough to cause human death , except by allergic reaction .
it was also discovered that the cotuc research effort about the virus was brought to fruition : not only they found and synthesised a cure , but they also perfected sgds to become an even more potent toxin ; people infected by it will die in agony in a matter of minutes .
