the practicality of the 14-bis could also be questioned since it had very limited control , range , or endurance .
with this success , the younger piccard abandoned economics to collaborate with his father on further improving the bathyscaphe and demonstrating its practicality for exploration and research .
ideals , for vaz , interfere with practicality , since they admit choices which many times require needless sacrifices , both for oneself and for others .
it ’s not just about boy meeting girl and falling in love ; it 's about boy with baggage meeting girl with bigger baggage and tentatively exploring the practicality of a new relationship after their respective old ones have faded away . "
gucas values the spirit of truth seeking , enterprise , open - mindedness , practicality , ingenuity , creativity and modernity .
for minh mang , the placement of former convicts and rebels in positions of power was contrary to the confucian system of order and debauched the prestige of the state , whereas duyet was only concerned with practicality .
the ideal of breed standards call for no black spotting in the buff areas , but in practicality this is very difficult to breed .
practicality .
other factions opposed these ideas , especially carrier construction , not so much on the grounds of military usefulness , but rather on cost and practicality .
in modern domestic architecture , hip roofs have been seen to represent comfort , practicality , and solidness .
similarly , the guiding principle of functionality and practicality make usable power in all road situations more important than speeds that can only be attained on a racetrack .
articles discussing the practicality and the financial implications of the import of mummies for paper for the government of egypt and american paper mills were also published in the 7 july 1847 issue of " the friend " , the 19 june 1847 issue of " scientific american " and the 17 december 1847 issue of the " cold war fountain " .
the d - type was introduced purely for competition , but after jaguar withdrew from racing , the company offered the remaining , unfinished chassis as the roadgoing jaguar xkss , by making changes to the racers : adding an extra seat , another door , a full - width windshield and primitive folding top , as concessions to practicality .
and he concludes his advice with a note of earthy practicality not to be found as the sport becomes more refined : a recipe for fresh trout boiled with beer and horseradish .
towards the conclusion of the expedition in 1939 , with archbold intending to return to the usa across the pacific , he was contacted by captain p.g. taylor , representing australian interests which , with war impending , wanted to determine the practicality of an air route from australia to europe over the indian ocean and via africa rather than asia .
a notable value is that the architectural system consists only of classic patterns tested in the real world and reviewed by multiple architects for beauty and practicality .
its philosophy is to stay close to the techniques of the original tradition while maintaining practicality and realism .
a notable value is that the architectural system consists only of classic patterns tested in the real world and reviewed by multiple architects for beauty and practicality .
all originally emphasised practicality , but have mutated into today 's high - powered luxury crossover suv and sports wagon .
he praises the car 's performance as well as its practicality .
the navy 's rationale that radio frequencies were limited and needed to be appropriated and put in use before other countries , primarily great britain , monopolized them first soon collapsed with the discovery in the mid-1920s of the practicality of the shortwave band for long - distance transmissions .
the practicality of this approach is questionable with modern material science , but can not yet be ruled out .
his work was singled out by the selection panel for its fluency and practicality .
it is hence implied that she is thus killed because of her radical attitude which has no place in the practicality of this world .
this double - bent axis gives the gate its military strength while reducing its practicality .
for news reporting fair dealing does not extend to photographs , and an acknowledgement is only required where reasons of practicality do not rule this out .
( after construction , the route was somewhat modified to improve its practicality . )
the pursuit of absolutism and theoretical arguments lacking practicality , for example , is , in his view , one of the main defects of modern philosophy .
many cars have door designs which give them a unique look , or which affect their practicality one way or another .
like the earlier " etudes australes " for piano , these works are incredibly complex , nearly impossible to perform , and represented for cage the " practicality of the impossible " as an answer to the notion that resolving the world 's political and social problems is impossible .
scotty , stung that kevin only cared about practicality , rejected the idea .
it proved the practicality of large - scale water diversions without disrupting the local environment .
the practicality of wings on different drive trains is a debated topic due to the secrecy of the details of the physics , but the basic principles are well known .
according to him , the nature of the english language gives a sense of coldness and practicality , while the spanish verses add warmth and romance .
each year , davis and the " motorweek " team put more than 150 cars and trucks through extensive road tests to judge their practicality for buyers .
however , the practicality of such a point - of - view device was limited by the weight of the camera .
the greatest strides toward practicality came at the hands of thomas earnshaw and john arnold , who in 1780 developed and patented simplified , detached , " spring detent " escapements , moved the temperature compensation to the balance , and improved the design and manufacturing of balance springs .
he later returned and became involved in military planning ; however , the chinese military 's unwillingness to accept hard truths ( such as the fact that the middle kingdom was not actually the center of the universe , and should act accordingly ) led them to despise him for his practicality .
david tennant had shown enthusiasm for the idea of a multi - doctor story , but has expressed doubts about the practicality of shows involving multiple previous doctors , given that three of the actors who played the character are now deceased .
he has also released four tapes and cds which contain commentaries on selected verses of kagga that blend philosophy with practicality .
the mayor of london , ken livingstone , was sceptical about the practicality of the ppp plan , and brought in the american bob kiley to repeat his success with the new york city subway using public bond finance .
this boom has continued and the trend has been away from practicality and towards " impressing the neighbours " .
the passenger car version is named multispace , and sells well in several european countries due to its practicality and comparatively low pricing .
though she is intelligent in both novel and film , her novel counterpart employed common sense and practicality in dangerous situations , putting the safety of her colleagues first .
the police station construction able to produce deep police environment campus apart from as a training centre police in among member suksis and can respond the realized simulation policeman assignment practicality among ums undergraduate .
boot space and practicality is much improved over its predecessor , with the option of carrying a puncture repair kit instead of a spare wheel to create further space although this feature is not available in some markets .
this section includes some minimal descriptions of methods , to give some feel for such a building 's practicality , provide indexes to further information , and give a sense of modern trends .
the designer typically considers factors such as the insulating power of the sweater ( and its resulting warmth for the wearer ) ; the fashion of its colors , patterns , silhouette and style lines , particularly the neckline and waistline ; the convenience and practicality of its cut ; and in commercial design , the cost of its production and the profitability of its price point .
the university of manchester 's small - scale experimental machine ( ssem ) , the world 's first stored - program computer , had successfully demonstrated the practicality of the stored - program approach and of the williams tube , an early form of computer memory based on a standard cathode ray tube ( crt ) , by running its first program in june 1948 .
another perk of empathic design is including marketing and manufacturing people in the product design to get diverse opinions of product success and practicality .
the hatchback was a leap forward in practicality .
other statist theorists , like david hume , reject social contract theory on the grounds that , in reality , consent is not involved in state - individual relationships and instead offer different definitions of legitimacy based on practicality and usefulness .
sancho panza is precursor to " the sidekick , " and is symbolic of practicality over idealism .
the lancer weapon was recently featured in an " electronic gaming monthly " article that discusses its practicality and historical precedents .
despite later being named the “ lorelei flotilla ” ( and immortalised as such in a contemporary song ) in recognition of their rather dubious practicality , the two monitors did prove some deterrent to the french .
the review by edmunds.com compared the vehicle favorably to some more expensive rivals , saying " it 's a lot of machine for the money and it offers the same balance of speed , practicality and value we 've found previously only in the mitsubishi lancer evolution or subaru wrx sti . "
many of his garments , with their clean lines , geometric and cubist motifs , and mixture of luxury and practicality , were designed to satisfy the new vogue for the outdoor life , and bore a remarkable similarity to modern sportswear .
in 1987 , becker ( then at xerox ) , together with lee collins ( also at xerox ) and mark davis of apple began investigations into the practicality of creating a universal character set .
a peculiarly quaker combination of idealism and practicality drew them to the northwest territory .
while living on that farm , he invented the king road drag ( very famous in its day ) , which made country roads passable in wet weather and is still credited with making possible reliable rural mail delivery and the practicality of the automobile .
each of these styles has a different emphasis to practicality ( physical needs , layout , and views ) , land and environmental considerations ( structural requirements for foundations , design for weather protection ) and aesthetic considerations ( planar , volumetric , and sculptural form , emotional and spiritual qualities . ) all of these requirements and qualities should be considered when designing a house .
the selection of members is based upon scholarship , character , practicality , and sociability , the four primary requirements of a successful engineer .
modern kebaya blouses are also zippered at the back- for practicality and for larger frame women 's busts not to literally burst out the front of their blouse .
fuel cells that are currently designed for transportation need rapid start - up periods for the practicality of consumer use .
his only dilemma was how to best blend spirituality and practicality .
time and practicality have moderated this position , and today even reynolds has produced quality arrangements for the modern wind band .
the durability and practicality of polaroid makes it the most common type of polarizer in use , for example for sunglasses , photographic filters , and liquid crystal displays .
others , including allison samuels of " newsweek " , remarked on the " extravagance " of the school and questioned whether the $ 40 million might have been spent to benefit a far greater number of students , had the money been spent with less emphasis on luxurious surroundings and more emphasis on practicality .
each emperor had his own court , army , and official residences – these were matters of practicality , not substance .
though stages of language development are never as sharply delimited as implied here , and should not be taken too literally , the system of subdivisions used in this article is the most commonly used by swedish linguists and is used for the sake of practicality .
this realistic practicality explains why the original sanskrit villain jackal , the decidedly jealous , sneaky and evil vizier - like damanaka ( ' victor ' ) is his frame - story 's winner , and not his goody - goody brother karataka who is presumably left ' horribly howling ' at the vile injustice of part one 's final murderous events .
he also discussed solutions in alleviating the rural people 's health problems through the health workers or health care providers , including how to handle superstitious beliefs , through principles of practicality and simplicity .
in his widely popular books , downing stressed practicality along with the picturesque , and offered detailed instructions on room function , sanitation , and landscaping .
it was not originally intended to compete with current technology in the sense of speed and practicality , as its structural properties are not suitable for scalable designs .
the rocker fashion style was born out of necessity and practicality .
following the 11 attacks of 2001 , however , concerns over whether the u.s. should develop new weapons have reinvigorated some of the older debates over their practicality , morality , and danger .
the 82nd airborne division had jumped into sicily at this point and a mixture of misdrops and friendly fire had the high command concerned about the practicality of large scale airdrops of troopers .
the main issue with the puppet was the practicality of actually puppeteering it .
the teacher 's role is to instill respect for authority , perseverance , duty , consideration , and practicality .
because of its obvious practicality , red sea rig was adopted into civilian life , first by british diplomats in the red sea town of jeddah , and later by the local british business group .
charkop is predominantly hindu , but what was once tiny sprinklings of christians , sikhs and parsees has started to see increase following the practicality and affordability of the location .
for example , mercury square saturn indicates practicality and prudence with thoughts and communication , concentrating on practical matters .
this also meant , as a practicality , the land could be sold or bequeathed to the church .
despite having proved the practicality of its layout it was regarded as something of a curiosity by the pilots that flew it from martlesham heath in suffolk .
to market the country globally , international architects were encouraged to submit designs , introducing alternative concepts for modern architecture that began to put style and form ahead of spartan practicality .
still constrained by practicality , kulich decided to give himself an additional month to find work .
her long - held respect for mr. j.l.b. matekoni ( she thinks of him uniformly by this formal name ) arose from his honest business ethic , his kindness , and his practicality , which is evident in his ability and willingness to repair any machine that can be made servicable , no matter how old .
the practicality of this solution varies between different mobile devices according to the accessibility of the memory card .
post - war , the u.s. army issued a series of kepi undress caps , characterised by their increasing smartness and decreasing practicality .
practicality of plasma rifles .
study of these comparisons allow researchers to determine which studies of model organisms can best be assimilated with other organisms that for practicality reasons are hard to complete research on .
the 1/4 abacus appeared circa 1930 , and it is preferred and still manufactured in japan today even with the proliferation , practicality , and affordability of pocket electronic calculators .
he steered a middle path , combining pure scholarship with practicality .
while the top leadership may have a vision of a desired outcome , one of the staff responsibilities is examining the practicality of that vision .
membership of a committee which studied the practicality of a canal from pennsylvania to newark , new jersey , consisted of two prominent citizens from each county ( nj ) concerned : hunterdon county , nathaniel saxton , henry dusenberry ; sussex county , morris robinson , gamaliel bartlett ; morris county , lewis condict , mahlon dickerson ; essex county , gerald rutgers , charles kinsey ; bergen county , john rutherford , william colefax ... " .
the architecture of class a office structures always prioritizes design and visual appeal over cost , and sometimes over practicality - a class a building can be considered a monument and a testament to the success and power of its tenants .
modern depictions of batman have him compromise for practicality by arming his vehicles mainly for the purpose of removing obstacles or disabling enemy vehicles .
in the early 1930s , after her marriage to donald peterson and the births of her two daughters , solveig and rosamond , karasz began designing modern children 's clothing , which was admired by parents , scholars , and critics for its practicality and originality .
the " palladium of liberty " , a morristown , new jersey , newspaper of the day , reported on august 29 , 1822 : " ... membership of a committee which studied the practicality of a canal from pennsylvania to newark , new jersey , consisted of two prominent citizens from each county ( nj ) concerned : hunterdon county , nathaniel saxton , henry dusenberry ; sussex county , morris robinson , gamaliel bartlett ; morris county , lewis condict , mahlon dickerson ; essex county , gerald rutgers , charles kinsey ; bergen county , john rutherford , william colefax ... " .
the unlikeliness of a forger using such experimental methods in what is still an uncertain science has prompted the getty ’s antiquities conservator to remark " when you consider a forger actually repeating the procedure you begin to leave the realm of practicality ” .
to market the country globally , international architects were encouraged to submit designs , introducing alternative concepts for modern architecture that began to put style and form ahead of spartan practicality .
feasibility of the proposed project – demonstration of the practicality of implementing the proposed project , and benefit to local community ;
other aspect melded aspects of practicality and aesthetics , and main interior building became " one of the most functional and innovative government office structures in washington " in the 1930s .
these debates also rage " within " contemporary social sciences with regard to subjectivity , objectivity , intersubjectivity and practicality in the conduct of theory and research .
china 's strengths include a philosophy that reflects confucian ideals of practicality , ethics and rationalism .
similarly , mechanical effects and even the choice of materials often boils down to practicality and the purpose of the prop rather than fanatical attention to detail .
however in practice many selections are immediately obvious based on previous experience and practicality .
the style , with its simplicity , practicality , and elegance , has remained popular since .
after testing sql at customer test sites to determine the usefulness and practicality of the system , ibm began developing commercial products based on their system r prototype including system/38 , ds , and db2 , which were commercially available in 1979 , 1981 , and 1983 , respectively .
as rectors of the school , echoing the themes of their father , they insistently preached the virtues of work , discipline and practicality .
the design of the book seems to take this purpose in mind ; that is , the book was produced with appearance taking precedence over practicality .
how we reason about what to do is based on practicality which is based on our values .
a tuner car , often from japanese , asian or european manufacturers , is a car that combines comfort , practicality and high gas mileage with performance modifications , primarily to its engine .
several numbers determine the practicality of a system of digital logic .
its video road test segments focus on performance , technology , practicality and dollar value , and feature "
as a result of this bourgeoning demand , the mall ’s management in early 1974 requested a study concerning the practicality of expanding kaikoʻo mall but the report concluded that because any such expansion would require building additional levels rather than expanding outwards , expansion was deemed economically unfeasible .
other systems may be used in conjunction with the rest of an atomic line filter for practicality .
this came to a climax in the second half of the 19th century , when victorian ironmongery offered a treasurehouse of appealing metalwork , with elaborate manufacturers’ catalogues offering literally thousands of wonderful objects to meet each and every need , almost all of which sought to combine practicality with pleasing design .
the “ marketing target was to be a sporty , unique model , with 6-passenger seating , comfort and practicality – a car that would take position in the market occupied by no other .
as a matter of practicality , and perhaps to inaugurate the ' official ' transition from private to public funding , the cafeteria of the late 1940s was demolished and a ' new ' two - story building was constructed with an ' open ' lobby and cafeteria on the first floor , and administrative offices on the second floor .
normally , for comfort and for practicality , a full face mask such as those manufactured by kirby morgan will be used to allow torches and video cameras to be mounted onto the mask .
over time shinran became disillusioned with what buddhism in japan had become , foreseeing a decline in the potency and practicality of the teachings espoused .
in both cases , use was made of a heat - resistant landing platform ; further land - based trials tested the practicality of dispersed landing platforms , in a similar concept to the raf ’s harrier operations in west germany .
the items used in decoration may also have been darker and heavier than those used today , simply as a matter of practicality .
abdullah mohd zain , a minister in the prime minister 's department , says , " it emphasizes wisdom , practicality and harmony . "
most of the courses are infused with practicality with emphasis on ' hands on ' experience and ' learning by doing ' .
master del pe , modern sage and world renowned miraculous healer , integrates the best of eastern wisdom and western practicality .
bowne ’s ethical philosophy is characterized by its guarded meliorism ; an emphasis on practicality and on learning to be circumspect about human nature and possibilities .
an tupolev saw the practicality of metal used in aircraft .
his report was published in a book titled ' the practicality and importance of a ship canal to connect the atlantic and pacific oceans " ..
some questioned the practicality of lifting tens of thousands of people into orbit and his estimates for the production output of initial colonies .
despite not being a genius like most members of the town , jack carter 's ability to connect to others , his simple but effective ideas , his above average intelligence in practicality , and his steadfast dedication to his work repeatedly saves eureka , and sometimes the entire world , from one would - be disaster after another .
from the very start , posey was impressed with the depth and practicality of the kayapó 's knowledge of nature and natural resource management .
thomas gradgrind is a utilitarian who is the founder of the educational system in coketown . " eminently practical " is gradgrind 's recurring description throughout the novel , and practicality is something he zealously aspires to .
it won the 2004 " wheels " car of the year award , the reviewers praising car - like handling and practicality as reasons for its win .
according to a mercedes - benz press release , the cls - class was produced to combine the " strong , emotive charisma " of a coupe with the " comfort and practicality " of a saloon .
in this novel , he ultimately starts believing in the practicality of his work , and starts to work on it .
the concept of a " dropping mine " was first discussed in 1910 , and the idea was developed into practicality when the british royal navy ’s commander - in - chief of the home fleets , admiral sir george callaghan , requested its production in 1914 .
on the " stockholm " this construction was used to perhaps an even greater practicality than on her predecessors , with the author philip dawson praising her interior layout as being " remarkably straightfordward " and stating she would have been " a great success " had she ever entered commercial service .
practicality of kicks .
the mondial was conceived as a ' usable ' model , offering the practicality of four seats and the performance of a ferrari .
the existence of powerful transnational corporations , international trade unions and other groups who can affect australia , means that australia ’s external affairs , as a matter of practicality , are not confined to relations with other nation states . "
both cars were unique in the market , being significantly smaller than the toyota mr2 , mg tf , fiat barchetta and mazda mx-5 , but offering similar performance and practicality to the base versions of these cars while significantly more fuel efficient .
his teaching also owes a lot to the practicality of the gurdjieff work , nonetheless he considered himself to be an original teacher .
it is difficult for rural electrification projects to be accomplished by for profit companies ; in economically impoverished areas these programs muse be run at a loss for reasons of practicality .
the fact that there is no compulsion in islam for one to live this way simply questions the practicality of employing this on a large scale .
the market for executive class station wagons is also limited , possibly for similar reasons - combining practicality and exclusivity in one vehicle has proven difficult .
floresca , meanwhile , was christened by laurel as " the modernist " as the judges lauded the practicality of his designs considering the conservative fashion market in the philippines .
most were constructed by the us space studies institute in order to prove their properties and practicality .
unlike in the united kingdom , however , there existed the perception in france that it was more important to place political influence in decision - making before practicality and production when it came to which aeroplanes were to be in the air force , and lobbying in the french parliament undoubtedly had plenty to do with this .
it is sergei levitsky who first proposed the idea to artificially light subjects in a studio setting using electric lighting along with daylight saying of its use , " as far as i know this application of electric light has never been tried ; it is something new , which will be accepted by photographers because of its simplicity and practicality " .
sageworks analyst allows financial professionals to automate projections and forecasting , perform business valuations , and stress test potential loan practicality and other changes to the income statement and balance sheet .
others train in the " sport " oriented styles that have become popular , which do not emphasize practicality in their training .
modern sans - serif typefaces were condemned as cultural bolshevism , although futura continued to be used owing to its practicality .
practicality : duaa executive committee reviews its strategies regularly
according to this distinction , the modern civilian art de - emphasizes practicality and effectiveness in favor of personal development from a fitness or spiritual perspective .
the performance cost of address space switching limits the practicality of this approach in systems with complex interactions between objects , but it is used in current operating systems for objects that are not accessed frequently or which are not expected to perform quickly .
the dyke has always been an important problem for such proposals , in terms both of practicality and cost .
an invention was born , the practicality of which was soon recognized all over the world .
such clothes , mostly a part of a career line , were considered to be of high practicality .
hatchbacks were popular for smaller vehicles in the u.s. and canada during the fuel crises of the 1970s due to their practicality and convenience .
in december 1965 , he piloted gemini vi during the first rendezvous in space , and helped develop techniques to prove the basic theory and practicality of a space rendezvous .
however , in terms of travel practicality , the convenient railway station is at mysore ( ) , which is on the major broad gauge line and is served by trains from across the country .
regarding the defence role of the european union the conservatives have pledged to re - examine some of britain ’s eu defence commitments to determine their practicality and utility if they form the next government .
it also raised doubts about the reliability of the afghan forces that are being trained by the united states and its allies , and on the practicality of western exit strategies that involve training the afghan army and policy with the aim of enabling them to fight the taliban on their own .
scholars may have knowledge , but applying the knowledge or practicality is the fundamental value .
peter smith , vice - president of atlandia design , recognized the beauty and practicality of the concept .
ōsugi still held military aspirations as a matter of practicality , since he still had no other career ambitions .
the otto cycle gasoline internal combustion engine was first used on an experimental two wheeler created by gottlieb daimler to test the practicality of such an engine in a vehicle .
the fit of a sweater affects its comfort , its attractiveness and , sometimes , its practicality ( e.g. , dangling sleeves can fall into food or get caught on hooks ) .
gary krist writes that " hulan is a provocative mixture of vulnerability , bitterness and hardheaded practicality , " a survivor of the cultural revolution who has learned that survival means hiding her emotions from the outside world .
emperor ran horb ii , the grandest of all the tolnedran emperors , and who led the empire into the height of its golden age , established the kingdom of sendaria so as to , through a complicated series of events , avoid tol honeth losing it 's position as one of the largest economic centers in the world . practicality and a strong work ethic are intrinsic to the sendarian national identity , and a lot of food eaten in the west is grown in sendaria .
multiplication and division operations were possible but their practicality was limited .
the community is reported as saying it wishes to demonstrate the practicality of permaculture principles , living in simple bender structures , growing its own vegetables and recycling its waste .
it is not uncommon to find people in power who are indifferent to good or evil , taking actions based solely on practicality ; this approach to politics was put forth by niccolò machiavelli , a sixteenth century florentine writer who advised politicians " ... it is far safer to be feared than loved . "
patriotic pride heavily influences opinions of the relative importance and practicality of each aircraft , thus causing debate .
the system 1300 intercom went on to become the industry standard for u.s. airports to have on their trucks because of the practicality and safety factors .
however , the additional length of tunnel permitted by the supplementary acts challenged the practicality of the cable system .
2000 - the electric dog is a remote control wireless camera robot created by the texorcist to demonstrate the practicality of simple robotics in routine office technical repair .
the department had funded a study of the practicality of an automobile - train service .
from the perspective of practicality , software that does not have a graphical user interface tends to be tested by automatic methods .
it also serves to describe an idealism without regard to practicality .
following an ipo , users could buy or short shares of the stock based on their feelings of its practicality .
whether one is estimating the total cost of their groceries , calculating miles per gallon , or figuring out how many minutes on the treadmill that chocolate éclair will require , math as used by most people relies less on proof than on practicality ( i. e. , does it answer the question ? )
created to appeal to a demographic of slightly more sport - minded drivers than those who prefer the toyota camry sedan , the camry solara aspires to blend " sporty " looks and style with spacious practicality .
pitt sought approval of the expedition from george ii and the duke of newcastle who both gave their assent to the concept of a large raid on the town , although both had doubts about the practicality of the scheme .
kyokushin has influenced many of the " full - contact " schools of karate , emphasizing realistic combat , physical toughness , and practicality in its training curriculum .
he proposed to use this discretion to investigate the antarctic seas " and to ascertain the practicality [ ... ] of penetrating to the south pole .
this would not only enhance practicality compared to sedans , but also allow for better aerodynamic performance ( reduced drag coefficient ) compared to notchbacks .
due to its practicality and robustness , and thanks in no small part to its low price , the skala 55 remains serbia 's best - selling b - segment car .
it was described as a " french rabbit " that " is low on style , but high on personality and practicality " .
refal combines mathematical simplicity with practicality for writing large and sophisticated programs .
zap is a 2-passenger car with unique automotive design and manufacturing techniques in order to achieve practicality and affordability business goals .
the contrast between the pomp and glitter of russian officialdom and the practicality he found in washington impressed jansen .
one law theology acknowledges the distinction between ekklesia and israel in principle , but in practicality the lines are blurred because gentile believers are considered to come under the mosaic covenant , making observance obligatory .
in canada , monarchism , though it is sometimes mocked by its opponents , is driven by various factors : monarchists support the perceived practicality of popular power being ultimately placed in the hands of a non - partisan , apolitical individual , and see the canadian monarchy as a modern link , via the crown 's shared nature , to ethnically diverse but historically similar countries around the world .
there is a point where less functionality ( " worse " ) is a preferable option ( " better " ) in terms of practicality and usability .
in this ability to combine a multitude of different functions in a relatively small house , the roman architect responsible for houses like the house of the cascade showed an imagination and degree of practicality not exceeded even by the sumptuous houses of the renaissance or indeed of the present day .
this showed the practicality of raids using the native paths , leading to sullivan 's expedition in 1779 , which destroyed over 40 native american villages .
a professional television studio generally has several rooms , which are kept separate for noise and practicality reasons .
the practicality of jet propulsion had been demonstrated in germany in early 1937 by hans von ohain working with the heinkel company . recognising the potential of the invention ,
just as their taxi is pulling away to the travel agent steph darts out in front of them , after mandy had just criticised her for putting her fantasies ahead of the practicality of a wedding and warns her that she may lose max altogether if she does n't do it now .
as a result , the seven is somewhat limited in its practicality for everyday usage and is instead recognised by driving enthusiasts for its focus on driving enjoyment , making it an ideal track / race car or ' sunday ' car .
most of the buildings , such as houses , are nothing more than flat textures ( for obvious performance and practicality reasons ) , but some special objects and landmarks , such as bridges , stadiums , etc
scientists continued to search for new sources of estrogen because of concerns associated with the practicality of introducing the drug into the market .
he then set about testing the dead sea 's specific gravity , water and air temperatures , and the practicality of constructing evaporation pans .
such theories remind us that practicality and cultural preference do not always correlate .
despite its practicality , the bloomer suit was the subject of much ridicule in the press and had little impact on mainstream fashion .
" shenandoah " engaged in a short series of mooring experiments with " patoka " to determine the practicality of mobile fleet support of scouting airships .
in its early years it continuously rotated via electric motor(s ) , a then - common form of advertising that for the most part went out of style ( or economic practicality ) by the 1970s .
the plan has been subject to some criticism for failing to address ecosystem needs , and for engineering practicality concerns such as local faulting , potentially devastating to such a plan .
still , the future for econosports in north america looks promising , as sporty cars that deliver economy and practicality may come to be seen as attractive qualities in an era of rising gasoline prices .
the practicality of two conservation organizations operating in the same watershed was closely scrutinized in the 1960s .
some 50 years after that , watt made his celebrated improvements which greatly increased the efficiency and practicality of the engine .
ramachandran and a.v. lakshminarayana developed convolution - backprojection algorithms which greatly improved the quality and practicality of results obtainable by x - ray tomography .
since the advent of world wide web ( www ) in the early 1990s , the greatest advantage the web culture has brought about through dot.com boom - and - bust cycles is decentralization that has created more user - centric society , embracing diversity , practicality , voluntarism and egalitarianism in every field across the planet .
but with her common - sense , practicality , and unflappable demeanor she manages to bring each adventure to a satisfactory conclusion .
a spacious and uniquely italian interior was presented to the press at the launch , and by all accounts it was well received ; its oddly shaped cut - away dashboard attracted much attention , but in fact the design was for safety and practicality rather than aesthetics .
culturally unimportant during the age of science , it has remained a simple society for hundreds of years and with the return of the age of magic , its produce has become highly valued not just for the mystique , but for its practicality .
several federal court cases have applied practical significance tests to adverse impact analyses to assess the " practicality " or " stability " of the results .
the increased availability of computer processing has increased the practicality of using the kemeny - young , ranked pairs , and schulze methods that fully rank all the choices from most popular to least popular .
however , the crash has caused some in the city of san francisco to lose confidence in the practicality and safety of the blue angels ' performance in an urban area .
esoteric american technology- such as the calgon brand " mud maker " compounds deployed to slow movement on the trail were met with typical people 's army practicality .
reynolds and shutts consulted with a coaster expert to determine the practicality of moving the entire coaster to another location .
the " palladium of liberty " , a morristown , new jersey , newspaper of the day , reported on august 29 , 1822 : " ... membership of a committee which studied the practicality of a canal from pennsylvania to newark , new jersey , consisted of two prominent citizens from each county ( nj ) concerned : hunterdon county , nathaniel saxton , henry dusenberry ; sussex county , morris robinson , gamaliel bartlett ; morris county , lewis condict , mahlon dickerson ; essex county , gerald rutgers , charles kinsey ; bergen county , john rutherford , william colefax ... " .
other problems which diminished the type 's practicality for seagoing service were the low speed , and short range due to a lack of space for fuel .
the petitions are traditionally the result of effort put forth by motorists and car auto enthusiasts who prefer the clean , unobstructed viewing of the front fascia and grille of their vehicle and see little or no practicality in having a front plate on display .
his report on the survey of the panama canal was included in " the practicality and importance of a ship canal to connect the atlantic and pacific oceans , " published in 1855 by george f. nesbitt & co. of new york .
an experiment in field biology will always suffer from some level of artificiality , but that has to be balanced against practicality , costs and in this case the history of field biology ; the most important aspect is that an experiment generates useful statistics .
the design of these costumes are influenced by many factors , such as religious traditions , family methods , and practicality .
this makes the approach to criminal law inquisitorial as opposed to adversarial , and is generally characterised by an insistence on formality and rationalisation , as opposed to practicality and informality .
a quaker and protégé of judge archibald murphey , worth championed the cause of free public schools , and , though he belonged to the greatly outnumbered whig party , gained much stature for his practicality and vision .
“ it was time for noble to take a big step up in terms of refinement , practicality and style . ”
the m3 has received nearly unanimous critical acclaim from motoring journalists for its performance , refinement , and practicality .
lorenz ’s work reflected a keen sense of altruism and practicality , a desire to leave something behind him that would demonstrate to future generations the important role the wild places of the country played in his life .
due to their practicality , cheapness and availability from army surplus shops , the parka was seen as the ideal garment for fending off the elements when on the mod 's vehicle of choice , the scooter .
while full multi - user mimo ( or network mimo ) can have higher potentials , from its practicality the research on ( partial ) multi - user mimo ( or multi - user and multi - antenna mimo ) technology is more active .
in the case of the 911 , the rear - mounted engine allows for increased practicality in the form of a small rear row of seats that would be impossible with a mid - engined sports car .
practicality and usability are emphasized in the areas of striking and grappling .
the church has a functional and singular practicality of its own .
however , he " is " a mercerist ( he uses a device called an " empathy box " to commune with other humans in the experience of a mysterious , unknown man named mercer , who may or may not exist ; this is part of the evidence that he is not an android , as no android has ever been able to do this ) , and he makes use of a device called a " penfield mood organ " which allows him to " dial " any emotion or state of mind he wishes to experience , at any moment , for reasons of practicality or pleasure .
it was a 1966 racing car show debutant , and while not the prettiest of alternative minis , it did have durability and 2 + 2 practicality on its side .
looking back at his experiences as a merry prankster , babbs says he wants younger and future generations to carry on “ love , peace , and happiness ; extended in practicality to the simple act of helping one another out , being kind and generous . ” [ ibid ]
many table manners evolved out of practicality .
there is some folklore about the agreement that suggests that the railway was obliged to stop at dorridge ; however , with the affluent residents of knowle and dorridge , it was certainly a commercial practicality .
( dodd bows are often shorter than other viola bows , a quality fuchs prized for the greater control it permitted and also for its sheer practicality , since she was of diminutive stature . )
when war broke out again and vo wacune was destroyed , polgara trained her people to become self - sufficient , and eventually what was once erat became part of the new kingdom of sendaria , noted for the practicality of its people , and the duchess of erat was all but forgotten .
the turboshaft engine radically improved the practicality of the helicopter due to its light weight and high power to weight ratio , lower fuel consumption , and lower maintenance and operating costs .
in contrast to haruhi 's practicality and lack of interest in material things , he is rather bad with money , and buys girly clothing for haruhi in the hopes of getting her to dress more cutely .
the idea of a horseless carriage was in the air during george 's youth , but its practicality was uncertain .
lee decided to develop a system with an emphasis on " practicality " , " flexibility " , " speed " , and " efficiency " .
points , are given for ingenuity , simplicity , practicality and the usefulness of the software .
mitchison offered her own criticisms of the manuscript ; she found the god - figure too traditionally male , and was amused by stapledon 's myth - making , which jarred with his self - image as a man of practicality and pragmatism .
as a matter of practicality , such clauses are usually appended to the end of existing policies in a separate addendum after being negotiated between the insurer and the mortgagee .
condom vending machines , previously banned , were legalised by o'connell in a concerted effort to change the focus from morality to practicality .
