limits of technical knowledge and manufacturing technology meant that practicable road vehicles , powered by steam , did not start to appear until the early years of the 19th century .
in july 1900 , the newly organized men ’s club of lewiston proposed “ as soon as practicable to establish public reading rooms and to take steps towards forming the nucleus of a public library . ”
while birds generally have hollow bones to minimise weight and make flight practicable , kiwi have marrow , in the style of mammals .
the opinions in the talmud on the various acts coming under the category of sorcery differ widely , owing , no doubt , to the fact that it was not practicable to look upon every superstitious practise , from which talmudic judaism itself was not entirely free , as a heinous offense .
indian tribes have sole rights to water only after they have determined practicable irrigable acreage ( pia ) .
( b ) consider whether the child spending equal time with each of the parents is reasonably practicable ; and
india 's highway and river systems were so undeveloped as to be unable to support the mission , leaving air as the only practicable way to supply china in anything resembling a timely fashion .
next to establishing the strength of the defending forces , and with the strategically vital supply base and airstrip at kokoda within his grasp , tsukamoto deemed the track to be practicable for a full - scale overland assault against port moresby .
in fact , numerical path integration in the complex plane constitutes a practicable and sensible approach to the calculation of meijer g - functions .
far 37.102 and far part 37.6 describes performance based methods , which are to be used for service contracts to the maximum extent practicable .
protection of the army 's eastern flank meant moving as far east as practicable and then protecting the best ground available .
conversely , svetambara monks usually wear white maintaining that nudism is no longer practicable .
given the experience of state governments in passing practicable legislation , the central government appointed a working group under h. d. shourie and assigned it the task of drafting legislation .
landfill in the uk is currently recognised as the best practicable environmental option ( bpeo ) for the disposal of certain waste types .
the respondents argued that the provisions required that unlawful non - citizens be detained until their removal , and that the purpose of removal , on which the detention was founded , did not cease to exist just because it was not practicable in the foreseeable future to carry out that purpose .
headquartering the movement in mozambique would not have been practicable because of the intolerance of the portuguese for nationalist movements and the strength of the police .
on 16 september , the day after the initial landings on peleliu , vice admiral theodore s. wilkinson received admiral william f. halsey 's order to " seize ulithi as early as practicable … with resources at hand . "
" the article also discusses the concepts of ' individual equilibrium ' and of hayek 's notion of the divide between information which is useful and practicable versus that which is purely scientific or theoretical .
in the course of the 19th century , the ladoga canal was used by about 15,000 vessels and 10,000 rafts heading towards st. petersburg every year , but silted up so badly that alexander ii 's government decided that it was more practicable to build a new canal instead of repairing the old facilities .
as one of the most prominent exponents of the newly practicable flash , he is considered a pioneer in photography .
having weighed this again and again , i perceive that not only can suffering for the name of christ supply what is lacking in baptism , but even faith and conversion of heart , if perchance on account of stress of the times the celebration of the mystery of baptism is not practicable . "
the act required policies of all governmental agencies to eliminate interference with the free exercise of native religion , based on the first amendment , and to accommodate access to and use of religious sites to the extent that the use is practicable and is not inconsistent with an agency 's essential functions .
before the paillon river was covered over , the pont - neuf was the only practicable way between the old town and the modern one .
other reasons given were the advent of steam boats ( which were not practicable above augusta ) , and later , the rivers worked against the construction of railroads essential for economic life after 1850 .
w.v.o. quine offers the most practicable solution to this problem by making the metaphysical claim that only predicates that identify a " natural kind " ( i.e. a real property of real things ) can be legitimately used in a scientific hypothesis .
but when a force was asked to storm a fortress when practicable breaches had been formed , such casualties would have been deemed unnecessary .
3 . practicable bridges partner with contractors
the approach to the lower defences was easy and practicable for loaded cattle ; and it was tolerably defended by a line of works and gates , running along the north and east side .
he sent discretionary orders to ewell that cemetery hill be taken " if practicable . "
the unattributed comments to this report include the phrase " good in theory but not practicable supposing enemy has 14 - 15 knots and " rupert " 11 - 12 " .
where practicable areas of the moor were used for pasture by herdsmen from the parishes surrounding the moor .
beatty ordered his battlecruisers to make all practicable speed to catch the germans before they could escape .
in the departure the member must disclose , if practicable , the reasons why compliance with the accounting principle would result in a misleading financial statement .
use of the instrument of murabaha is however restricted only to those cases where mudarabah and musharakah are not practicable .
it is very easy for the brakes to remain in effect in this case , and the only practicable solution is to manually empty the command reservoir tanks as said above .
everyone has the right to receive education in the official language or languages of their choice in public educational institutions where that education is reasonably practicable .
on diverse days between the 1 january 2005 and 10 august 2006 within the jurisdiction of the central criminal court had information which she knew or believed might be of material assistance in preventing the commission of another person namely , ahmed abdullah ali aka abdullah ali ahmed khan , of an act of terrorism and failed to disclose it as soon as reasonably practicable ( contrary to section 38b ( 1 ) ( a ) and ( 2 ) of the terrorism act 2000 ) .
the mission includes but is not limited to ; plan and perform all maintenance , repair and restoration of ; perform annual inspections of " constitution " , reporting all work necessary to maintain the ship in satisfactory material condition to perform its mission ; and provide a plan of action and milestones for any corrective action ; as far as practicable , ensure material compliance and documentation with the historic requirements for the ship , as close to its 1812 configuration as possible .
the foraging way of life held on in certain forests , deserts , islands , and very cold areas–-places where food production was not practicable with simple technology .
the act specified that in so far as may be practicable , original appointments by the president in grades above third lieutenant shall be made from among those formerly holding reserve commissions in the united states army , from among former officers of the philippine scouts and constabulary , from among former officers of the national guard and from such others who possess exceptional ability or special training and skill .
in their theory , being a dessek consists of a passive and an active element ( not lying , and punishing others who do , respectively ) , the latter of which is not practicable in today 's world .
the association of british counties , a traditional counties lobbying group , have suggested that the ceremonial counties could be restored to their ancient boundaries , or as near as is practicable .
waste treatment refers to the activities required to ensure that waste has the least practicable impact on the environment .
the massouh sign became popular among surgeons in the southwest region of england as it is practicable and , together with other diagsnostic tools , highly correlates with the appearance of acute appendicitis .
the only practicable vehicles during the " kelirikko " are hovercraft , hydrocopters or aircraft such as helicopters .
sun , windows as large as practicable and balconies included in all units above ground level .
such was the degree of the carbon spark problem that the 714th tbros&de had to monitor it and make tonnage assignments as necessary and practicable to keep it under control .
" that in view of the massacres and starvation of jews and others in enemy and enemy - occupied countries , this house asks h. m. government , following the united nations declaration read to both houses of parliament on 17th december , 1942 , and in consultation with the dominion governments and the government of india , to declare its readiness to find temporary refuge in its own territories or in territories under its control for endangered persons who are able to leave those countries ; to appeal to the governments of countries bordering on enemy and enemy - occupied countries to allow temporary asylum and transit facilities for such persons ; to offer to those governments , so far as practicable , such help as may be needed to facilitate their co - operation ; and to invite the other allied governments to consider similar action . "
the orders from gen. grant were largely discretionary : they were to destroy the virginia central railroad and the james river canal , capture lynchburg if practicable , then either join william t. sherman in north carolina or return to winchester .
the company provided no details about the three firms ' bids , though its spokesperson stephen forshaw said they will start the new branding campaign " as early as there is a practicable opportunity " .
such work aims at delivering practicable results and competitive methods to practitioners in industry .
[ i]t is the continuing responsibility of the state government to use all practicable means , consistent with other essential considerations of state policy , to improve and coordinate state plans , functions , programs , and resources to the end that the state may : ( 1 ) fulfill the responsibility of each generation as trustee of the environment for succeeding generations ; ( 2 ) assure for all residents of the state safe , healthful , productive , and esthetically and culturally pleasing surroundings ; ( 3 ) attain the widest range of beneficial uses of the environment without degradation , risk to health or safety , or other undesirable and unintended consequences ; ( 4 ) preserve important historic , cultural , and natural aspects of our connecticut heritage , and maintain , wherever possible , an environment which supports diversity and variety of individual choice ; ( 5 ) achieve an ecological balance between population and resource use which will permit high standards of living and a wide sharing of life 's amenities ; ( 6 ) enhance the quality of renewable resources and approach the maximum attainable recycling of depletable resources ; and ( 7 ) practice conservation in the use of energy , maximize the use of energy efficient systems and minimize the environmental impact of energy production and use .
one method commonly used in amateur competitions , especially when a playoff is not practicable , is scorecard " count back " , whereby the player with the lowest cumulative ( net ) score over the last 18 , 9 , 6 , 3 or 1 hole(s ) is declared the winner .
the expedition 's commanders believed a further attempt was not practicable and after further reconnaissance they wrote home to pitt suggesting that no assault was now possible , raising the likelihood that the force should sail for home .
the court stated that it : " will deal with the case as soon as practicable " .
the government paperwork elimination act ( gpea , ) requires that , when practicable , federal agencies use electronic forms , electronic filing , and electronic signatures to conduct official business with the public by 2003 .
in 1850 , brown president francis wayland wrote : " the various courses should be so arranged that , insofar as practicable , every student might study what he chose , all that he chose , and nothing but what he chose . "
the icrc had suggested that the parties to the conflict should " take all necessary measures " , which became in the final text , " take all feasible measures " which is not a total prohibition on their doing so because feasible should be understood as meaning " capable of being done , accomplished or carried out , possible or practicable " .
as it happened , secular changes in the earth 's magnetic field meant that halley and whiston 's method would never have been practicable .
a large portion of the population was of japanese descent ( 150,000 out of 400,000 people in 1937 ) and internment was deemed not practicable , mostly for economic reasons .
in march 1948 the question of public access to the war rooms was raised in parliament and the minister responsible , charles key mp , considered that ' it would not be practicable to throw open for inspection by the general public accommodation which forms part of an office where confidential work is carried on ' .
he sent orders to ewell that cemetery hill be taken " if practicable . "
his plan called for hancock to pin down the confederates at chaffin 's bluff and prevent reinforcements from opposing sheridan 's cavalry , which would attack richmond if practicable .
mr speaker will indicate the day on which he will announce his decision , which will be within his discretion but as soon as reasonably practicable after the receipt of the complaint .
formal orders , directing said officer to assume infantry command , will be confirmed in writing at the earliest , practicable date .
he later wrote that at that stage it was not practicable to plan further ahead but that his intentions were clear in his own mind what the next step would be : he would drive north ultimately to san stefano on the northern coast to split the island in two and cut his enemy 's east - west communications .
if there were such options for the state , the newspaper advertisement announcing the sale could not render notice adequate , because notice by publication was only permissible when it was not possible or practicable to give more adequate notice .
in july , a ufa meeting , which brownlee attended as the government 's representative , endorsed the creation of a wheat pool as soon as practicable .
however it is not practicable to take a sample of gas from the alveoli in order to directly measure the partial pressure of oxygen .
this class of ammunition is especially useful for the smaller calibres of guns , such as 3-pounder ( 1.4 kg ) , 6-pounder ( 2.7 kg ) and field guns , but messrs. krupp also employ metallic cartridge cases for the largest type of gun , probably on account of the known difficulty of ensuring trustworthy obturation by any other means practicable with sliding wedge guns .
both the russian and french governments had to contend with the basic strategic fact that providing naval assistance to the greeks was not practicable without british consent , because of britain 's naval supremacy in the mediterranean .
the change of mind came about because all alternative suggestions , such as an elective monarchy , or a directory government under an alternating chair were even less practicable and unable to find broad support , as was the radical left 's demand for a republic , modelled on the united states .
are all bicyclists required to temporarily ( technically , only until any " one " one of those conditions no longer applies ) ride as far right as practicable in order to allow the faster traffic to pass .
to scare aircrews into giving their all the first time around , order 176 emphasized the importance of the raid : " if the attack fails ... it will be repeated the next night and on ensuing nights regardless , within practicable limits , of casualties "
question : " it is proposed to alter the constitution to ensure as far as practicable that a casual vacancy in the senate is filled by a person of the same political party as the senator chosen by the people and for the balance of his term .
in 1853 smith was elected to the united states house of representatives as a free - soiler , and in his address he declared that all men have an equal right to the soil ; that wars are brutal and unnecessary ; that slavery could be sanctioned by no constitution , state or federal ; that free trade is essential to human brotherhood ; that women should have full political rights ; that the federal government and the states should prohibit the liquor traffic within their respective jurisdictions ; and that government officers , so far as practicable , should be elected by direct vote of the people .
hall believed that his remedies were " readily practicable " , and would improve the station of the poor , but were unlikely to solve the problems of society completely .
where such agencies already exist , it is further recommended that they be permitted to operate only under government licenses , and that all practicable measures be taken to abolish such agencies as soon as possible . "
so this reason too often suffices alone in alleviating bicyclists from having to ride " as close as practicable to the right " .
on diverse days between the 23 september 2005 and 10 august 2006 within the jurisdiction of the central criminal court had information which he knew or believed might be of material assistance in preventing the commission of another person namely , nabeel hussain , of an act of terrorism and failed to disclose it as soon as reasonably practicable .
at that time , perth the capital of western australia , was isolated from the remaining australian states by thousands of kilometres of desert terrain and the only practicable method of transport was by sea , a time - consuming , inconvenient and often uncomfortable voyage across the great australian bight , a stretch of water known for rough seas .
even staircases built to the same design specification in neighbouring houses have variations , but in most attempted " transplants " there are too many differences to make it practicable .
the second method is to decrease the length and cross - section of the moving object as much as is practicable .
on april 12 , the commission of indian affairs in washington requested t. b. odeneal , superintendent of indian affairs for washington , to move captain jack and his modocs to the reservation if practicable and to see they were not maltreated by the klamath .
a succinct statement of thurber 's vision for the american opera company appeared in august , 1886 , when she was cited as " ... [ recognizing ] the fact that the true conception of a national opera is opera sung in a nation 's language and , as far as practicable , the work of a nation 's composers , [ and that she hoped] … in time to develop and patronize american composers . "
for an article on john c. moss describing his work and ultimate success as the inventor of the first practicable photo - engraving process , see : scientific american 1845 - 1908 ; september 18 , 1875 ; vol .
storage near the ultimate end - users helps to best meet volatile demands , but this may not always be practicable .
shipborne regasification equipment is also practicable .
dodge as practicable , who is an officer of great experience & merit & is aquatinted with the country . "
addressing the emergence of pillarization in the context of kuyper 's view of sphere sovereignty , peter s. heslam states that ' indeed , it could be argued that if dutch society had been of a more “ homogenous ” nature — rather than manifesting a roughly tripartite ideological divide between catholics , protestants , and humanists — sphere sovereignty would still have been practicable whereas " verzuiling " [ i.e. , pillarisation ] would not have been necessary . ' .
however , this translated into a reduced majority of 21 seats enough to form a practicable but weak majority .
in the early stages of the air war in world war i the problem of achieving a practicable platform for a forward - firing machine gun on combat aircraft was considered by a number of individuals .
wheatstone sent the first message , to which cooke replied , and ' never ' said wheatstone , ' did i feel such a tumultuous sensation before , as when , all alone in the still room , i heard the needles click , and as i spelled the words , i felt all the magnitude of the invention pronounced to be practicable beyond cavil or dispute . '
the conservative policy favoured retaining historic boundaries as far as was practicable , and the white paper proposals generally reduced the metropolitan counties to the continuously built up area .
rather , its primary intention was to standardize operating practices to the extent practicable while still preserving the flexibility of individual railroads to either modify or omit rules at their discretion .
resolves that the refugees wishing to return to their homes and live at peace with their neighbours should be permitted to do so at the earliest practicable date , and that compensation should be paid for the property of those choosing not to return and for loss of or damage to property which , under principles of international law or in equity , should be made good by the governments or authorities responsible ;
delegates to a constitutional convention shall be voters elected from districts as nearly equal in population as may be practicable .
these scopes are more practicable now , when the prognostics of the political and economic barometer are halcyonic .
ewell , who had previously served under stonewall jackson , a general well known for issuing peremptory orders , determined such an assault was not practicable and , thus , did not attempt it ; this decision is considered by historians to be a great missed opportunity .
in 1993 , the imo embarked on this comprehensive revision of stcw to establish the highest practicable standards of competence to address the problem of human error as the major cause of maritime casualties .
europeans developed a practicable cable - stayed , prestressed concrete , orthotropic deck system for bridges built after world war ii , to replace their destroyed infrastructure .
nevertheless , the wagon road beale built became a popular immigrant trail during the 1860s and 1870s , and it was this survey which marked out for the first time a practicable highway along the 35th parallel that has been used from that day to this .
randomization and isolation from interventions are seldom practicable in the realm of social policy , and may also be ethically difficult to defend , although there may be opportunities to utilize natural experiments .
in its constitution that year , the wtul defined its purpose in assisting “ in organizing women into trade unions ... such unions to be affiliated , where practicable , with the american federation of labor .
as stated by vaccine alliance , however , in spite of the limited risk of polio vaccination , it would neither be prudent nor practicable to cease the vaccination program until there is strong evidence that " all wild poliovirus transmission [ has been ] stopped " .
the first article , " is a re - statement of the law as to liability arising from dangerous premises desirable and practicable ? " , was written by townes .
beatty ordered his battlecruisers to make all practicable speed to catch the germans before they could escape . " new zealand " and " indomitable " were the slowest of beatty 's ships and gradually fell behind the newer and faster battlecruisers , but " new zealand " was able to open fire on " blücher " by 9:35 .
o'neil wrote in his 1890 report : " in closing i would state that while the country on the outer slope of these mountains is valuable , the interior is useless for all practicable purposes .
in his first few days in office obama issued executive orders and presidential memoranda directing the u.s. military to develop plans to withdraw troops from iraq , and ordered the closing of the guantanamo bay detention camp " as soon as practicable and no later than " january 2010 .
the frontier region between burma and india was for the most part almost impassable country , with very few practicable routes through the jungle - clad hills .
in response to his expulsion from the church , hurlbut “ now determined to demolish , as far as practicable , what he had once endeavoured to build up .
it is commonly noted that the first venture - backed startup is fairchild semiconductor ( which produced the first commercially practicable integrated circuit ) , funded in 1959 by what would later become venrock associates .
the expedition carefully surveyed the narrow neck of land and recorded invaluable scientific information making " many calculations to prove that a ship - canal across the isthmus of tehuantepec is not only practicable , but that the obstacles in the way of the canal route are of the most ordinary nature . "
also under the bill the state board would have been required to make these revisions as soon as practicable after the effective date of the bill , if it had been enacted .
even then , the " shall ride as close as practicable to the right " wording is commonly misunderstood , even by law enforcement officers , to mean that a bicyclist must always travel as far as " possible " to the right - hand side of the road .
a substantial roman baths complex was excavated in the 1970s , but because of its proximity to the cathedral , it was not practicable to retain the excavation for public view .
a person may rely on a written undertaking by another person to ensure the safety of an item ( s.6(8 ) ) manufacturers must carry out research to identify and eliminate risks , as far as reasonably practicable ( s.6(5 ) ) .
historians have debated ever since how the battle might have ended differently if he had found it practicable to do so .
john calvin moss , inventor of the first practicable photo - engraving process and head of the moss engraving company , died on the 8th inst.,[april 8 , 1892 ] at his home , 54th street and 4th avenue , south brooklyn , n.y.
indeed , the court held that a finding that an equal time arrangement is reasonably practicable " is a statutory condition which must be fulfilled before the court has power to make a parenting order of that kind . " characterising the question of reasonable practicability , the court said that it " is concerned with the reality of the situation of the parents and the child , not whether it is desirable that there be equal time spent by the child with each parent . "
works were started in 1862 , but by the mid 1870s walking along the water front was still practicable at best , as the area was still crowded with sheds and hovels .
it was decided that an attempt to capture rochefort was " neither advisable nor practicable " .
instead , faa airport regional division offices are required to maintain a written determination of the best practicable alternative for improving non - standard rsas .
the college at yavne , which at once constituted itself the successor of the great sanhedrin of jerusalem by putting into practise the ordinances of that body as far as was necessary and practicable , attracted all those who had escaped the national catastrophe and who had become prominent by their character and their learning .
in the high court , the mother argued primarily that in making the order for equal time , coker fm had failed " to observe discretely " subsection ( b ) of s 61daa(1 ) , that is , the question of whether the child spending equal time with both parents is " reasonably practicable " , and had simply treated the question of whether equal time was in the best interests of the child as determinative of the matter .
it is more complex in design , but more practicable in use .
the information was to be held by the registrar general , who would compile a preliminary report within five months and a full report as soon as practicable .
the 12 km that separate andranovorivato to vohimarina take 45 minutes / one hour because the road is barely practicable with bumps , holes , hills and the two bridges have been damaged by the cyclones .
the 1866 constitution , adopted just after the american civil war , increased terms to four years , but no more than eight years out of every twelve , and moved the start date to the first thursday after the organization of the legislature , or " as soon thereafter as practicable . "
the " all or nothing " concept avoided light or moderate thicknesses of armor : armor was used in the greatest practicable thickness or not at all , thereby providing " either total or negligible protection " .
although scarcely any senior football club at any level in the country can be properly described as inviolable , the administrations at eastlake and manuka weston have done everything practicable to ensure that at least some vestiges of their respective clubs ' traditions and heritage endure well into the twenty - first century .
section 3 states the duty of all employers and self employed persons to ensure , as far as is reasonably practicable the safety of persons other than employees , for example , contractors , visitors , the general public and clients .
the fuselage was rectangular in cross - section and plywood covered in anticipation of ditching at the end of the mission , since deck landing was not yet practicable .
however their use is not that common in this frequency range because the corresponding wavelength varies much more across the medium wave band than across the fm band and so it is more practicable to use a separate antenna for each frequency : medium wave transmission sites usually broadcast only on one to four frequencies , while fm - broadcasting sites often uses four and more frequencies .
as the " prince consorts " had been shaped with an underwater run of the old style before being ordered for conversion … their floors rose considerably abaft the midship point ; which meant the only practicable position for the much larger engines they were to carry was in the added central body halfway between bow and stern . "
it highlighted the need for treatment and rehabilitation of drug addicts , instructing parties to take " all practicable measures for the prevention of abuse of psychotropic substances and for the early identification , treatment , education , after - care , rehabilitation , and social reintegration of the persons involved " .
the commission is charged with defining constituency boundaries , and the 1997 act provides that " the breaching of county boundaries shall be avoided as far as practicable " .
if during the execution of the works the contractor shall encounter physical conditions ( other than weather conditions or conditions due to weather conditions ) or artificial obstructions which conditions or obstructions could not in his opinion reasonably have been foreseen by an experienced contractor the contractor shall as early as practicable give written notice thereof to the engineer .
a redistribution ( or redrawing ) of the geographic boundaries of these divisions takes place at least once every seven years to make sure that there is , as near as practicable , the same number of electors in each division within a state / territory .
in modern times , the monarchs of the ìsẹ̀dó clans of the modern òkè - ìlá ọ̀ràngún and ìlá ọ̀ràngún , ( the two extant ọba'lúmọ̀ royal titles ) , work cooperatively with the two paramount kings , ( the ọ̀ràngún of òkè - ìlá and the ọ̀ràngún of ìlá ) , for the development and traditional governance of their various consolidated city - states , while maintaining as much as practicable , their own ancient royal traditions , the customs and the practices of their original kingdoms , both earlier at their ọ̀bà homeland and later at ìsẹ̀dó .
the work being very expensive , and the members of the legislature from districts where canals were no longer regarded as practicable were unwilling to support the necessary appropriations .
no chemical or mechanical operation , perhaps , is quite impossible to us , and invention consists in discovering those which are useful and commercially practicable ... "
the uk 's practicable resource is estimated at 7.2 twh per annum , which in the scottish context is the approximate equivalent of 70 mw or less of installed capacity .
simmers 's advising buships that " it would not be practicable to complete the conversion until about 28 february " fell on deaf ears .
in this case , surveyed firms are asked by how much it would be practicable for them to raise production from existing plant and equipment , " without raising unit costs " ( see berndt & morrison 1981 ) .
israel has always contested this reading , pointing out that the text merely states that the refugees " should be permitted " to return to their homes at the " earliest practicable date " and this recommendation applies only to those " wishing to ... live at peace with their neighbors " .
while the largest number of british troops were ultimately assembled in the basra area , an advance from basra was not immediately practicable and did not get under way until after rashid ali 's government was already collapsing .
there is a substantial roman baths complex that was excavated in the 1970s , but because of its proximity to the cathedral it has not been practicable to retain the excavation for public view .
thus , after the federals retreated to the heights south of town , lee sent one of his new corps commanders , richard s. ewell , discretionary orders that the heights ( cemetery hill and culp 's hill ) be taken " if practicable " .
it is commonly noted that the first venture - backed startup was fairchild semiconductor ( which produced the first commercially practicable integrated circuit ) , funded in 1959 by what would later become venrock associates .
a seizure underwater requires that the diver is brought to the surface as soon as practicable .
the pre - war standard rifle , a variant of the krag - jørgensen in 6.5x55 mm , was complex to produce , obsolescent and it was not deemed practicable to place it back in production .
a later patrol , commanded by lt r. a. tinker , had penetrated to the tebaga gap , proved the route was practicable and demonstrated the weakness of the axis defences .
“ it has always been part of the company ’s policy to provide the best practicable facilities for employees , particularly in regard to cafeteria service . ”
they included the establishment of a winter station " as near to the south pole as is practicable " , deep sea and other research of the antarctic ocean , and systematic observations and research of meteorology , geology , biology , topography and terrestrial physics .
( 4 ) the domain in which environmental sanitation problems are resolved should be kept to the minimum practicable size ( household , community , town , district , catchment , city ) .
the first liquid mariner 's compass believed practicable for limited use was patented by the englishman francis crow in 1813 .
they also recognize the necessity of establishing at the earliest practicable date a general international organization ( the united nations ) , based on the principle of the sovereign equality of all peace - loving states , and open to membership by all such states , large and small , for the maintenance of international peace and security .
required the president , in submitting the fy 1990 budget , to include a schedule for completing the feasibility study on northern california streams , american river watershed , as expeditiously as practicable and an estimate of the resources required to meet such schedule .
in addition to the requirements laid out in the regulations the client and principal contractor must , so far as is reasonably practicable , comply with a number of additional duties laid out in the schedule to the regulations .
according to the british government , the act " is designed to provide a framework under which future inquiries , set up by ministers into events that have caused or have potential to cause public concern , can operate effectively to deliver valuable and practicable recommendations in reasonable time and at a reasonable cost . " .
on april 13 , 2006 the court stated that it " will deal with the case as soon as practicable " .
it had a written constitution and the stated aims to " secure home rule for india , and to carry on a genuine indian propaganda in this country by all practicable means " .
in all his undertakings he advocated soft water in preference to hard , and favoured gravitation schemes where they were practicable to avoid the necessity of pumping .
a referendum on giving the welsh assembly full law - making powers is promised " as soon as practicable , at or before the end of the assembly term ( in 2011 ) " and both parties have agreed " in good faith to campaign for a successful outcome to such a referendum " .
un general assembly resolution 194 calls for " the refugees wishing to return to their homes and live at peace with their neighbours should be permitted to do so at the earliest practicable date , and that compensation should be paid for the property of those choosing not to return and for loss of or damage to property " .
under the terms of article 2 of the european convention of human rights , governments are required to " establish a framework of laws , precautions , procedures and means of enforcement which will , to the greatest extent reasonably practicable , protect life . " the european court of human rights has interpreted this as mandating independent official investigation of any death where public servants may be implicated .
the power can only be used to support medical purposes that are in the interests of patients or the wider public , where consent is not a practicable alternative and where anonymised information will not suffice .
on the british antarctic expedition ( 1907 - 09 ) , shackleton discovered the area beyond shackleton inlet to the beardmore glacier , and was the first to find a practicable route to the south pole .
it held that " when mailed notice of a tax sale is returned unclaimed , the state must take additional reasonable steps to attempt to provide notice to the property owner before selling his property , if it is practicable to do so . "
[but ] socially … assures ‘ the utmost practicable personal liberty’ by recognizing the right of association of men of like interests and tastes . ”
beatty ordered his battlecruisers to make all practicable speed to catch the germans before they could escape .
both chambers are the same size , despite the requirement of section 24 of the australian constitution that the house of representatives should have , as nearly as practicable , twice the number of members as the senate .
he endeavoured in this year without success to find a practicable road over the shoalhaven river so that communication might be opened up with jervis bay , but continuing his efforts early in 1820 he went through some very difficult country after crossing the river from the east , and then connecting with his 1818 track .
erectors and installers have responsibilities to ensure , as far as reasonably practicable , that an article is so erected and installed that it will be safe and without risks to health at all times when it is being set , used , cleaned or maintained by a person at work ( s.6(3 ) ) .
it also reiterates the government 's support for the principle of best practicable environmental option , and the waste hierarchy , within which recycling and composting should be considered before recovery of energy from waste .
on the west end of the acropolis , where access is alone practicable , were the magnificent " propylaea " , " the entrances , " built by pericles , before the right wing of which was the small " temple of athena nike " .
kensington school was established in 1830 in union with the corporation of king 's college london for the purpose " of providing an efficient course of education for youth , comprising religious and moral instruction in conformity with the principles of the established church , the greek , latin and modern languages anc literature , history , geography , mathematics and such other branches of knowledge and such accomplishments as it may be practicable and advantageous to introduce . "
the failure of their system as a practicable plan of locomotion was a great blow to him , and he never after took any very active part in public affairs .
at cambridge , this bequest was made with the " hope ( but not making it in any way a condition ) that it might be found practicable for such professor or reader to include in his or her lectures and treatment historical and philosophical aspects of the subject . "
also , there was a possibility that if the three eastern tehsils of gurdaspur were awarded to india by the boundary commission the accession of the state of jammu and kashmir to india be a practicable proposition .
the most that could ever be said in a particular case where it is not now , and has not been , reasonably practicable to effect removal , is that there is " now " no country which will receive a particular non - citizen whom australia seeks to remove , and it can not " now " be predicted when that will happen . "
( 4 ) where any such notice is to be given to a person as being the person having any interest in land , and it is not practicable after reasonable enquiry to ascertain his name or address , the notice may be given by addressing it to him by the description of the person having that interest in the land ( naming it ) , and delivering the notice to some responsible person on the land or by affixing it , or a copy of it , to some conspicuous object on the land .
that , " upon the facts developed it seemed to me the only honorable course for our government to pursue was to undo the wrong that had been done by those representing us and to restore as far as practicable the status existing at the time of our forcible intervention . " submitting the matter to congress on december 18 , 1893 , after president sanford dole refused to reinstate the queen on cleveland 's command , the senate foreign relations committee under chairman morgan , continued investigation into the matter .
however this is rarely practicable .
in contrast , a carburetor 's mounting options are limited because it is larger , it must be carefully oriented with respect to gravity , and it must be equidistant from each of the engine 's cylinders to the maximum practicable degree .
when practicable , the " navy armed guard " aboard a merchant ship would provide cross - training to merchant crew members in the use of the guns in the event the navy personnel were killed or injured .
grant 's plan called for hancock to pin down the confederates at chaffin 's bluff and prevent reinforcements from opposing sheridan 's cavalry , which would attack richmond if practicable .
if the judge decides that there has been a tie , the tying athletes must be placed in the next round or , if that is not practicable , lots must be drawn to determine who must be placed in the next round .
the company also needs to take reasonably practicable steps to eliminate , minimise or control the risks .
in the united kingdom , the law requires is that the appliances are safe ( as far as is reasonably practicable ) .
it was however the welsh language act 1993 which established that ' in the course of public business and the administration of justice , so far as is reasonably practicable , the welsh and english languages are to be treated on the basis of equality . '
its use , therefore , is probably more practicable in long - term visitors and persons who will reside in africa .
despite discretionary orders from robert e. lee to take the heights " if practicable , " richard ewell chose not to attack .
these ideas are not always practicable , but they are frequently entertaining and insightful .
al - kateb then applied to the federal court for writs of habeas corpus and mandamus , demanding that immigration officials comply with section 198 of the " migration act " which required that al - kateb , because his application for a visa had been rejected , be removed from the country " as soon as reasonably practicable " .
these incidents have increased efforts to review the placing of level crossings and to eliminate them where this is practicable .
if the amount of a chemical released to the environment exceeds the reportable quantity , the facility must immediately report the release to the appropriate lepc and serc and provide a written follow - up as soon as practicable .
in 1884 , eastman patented the first film in roll form to prove practicable ; in 1888 he perfected the kodak camera , the first camera designed specifically for roll film .
such a repository should start to be closed as soon as practicable rather than being left open for future generations .
the " electoral act 2004 " dictates the characteristics of each of these electorates , and requires , among other things , that each electorate has a similar amount of eligible voters and that the physical area of an electorate should be kept as small as is practicable .
best practicable environmental option .
since the flow of water from one region to the other through such pipelines would not be practicable , according to pedrick , the suggestion is to instead compress the snow into hard balls that could be fired along these pipelines as projectiles .
the measure was approved with a concluding remark from councillor bailie mclaughlin noting : " the desirability of ensuring that the line would be retained against the possibility the increasing congestion of road traffic might make its renewed use for passenger services necessary and practicable at some future date . "
the 1894 act included stronger wording that required county councils to " as soon as practicable " review the county boundaries to ensure that the new districts lay in a single county .
in 1877 , oregon senator john mitchell sponsored legislation calling for the northern pacific to forfeit of land grants unless they completed a line to kalama " as far as practicable along the oregon side of the columbia river " .
upon arrest a person must ordinarily be taken to a police station as soon as is practicable , but may be released on bail .
nations advanced in industry and arts have adhered to the second , neglecting the first.'"to establish a just combination of these two maxims , at the original foundation of states , so as to render it a fundamental part of their frame and constitution , or to introduce it afterwards , with as little violence as may be , to the actual possessions and supposed rights and interests of various orders of men , ought to be the object of all agrarian laws ; and this object being once distinctly conceived , if wise and benevolent men will turn their attention towards it , no doubt need be entertained that very practicable methods of carrying it into execution will in time be discovered , by comparison of projects , or from the result of trials .
cinerama was an earlier attempt to solve the problem of high - quality widescreen imaging , but anamorphic widescreen eventually proved to be more practicable .
contemporary accounts described the flight as the " first public trip of heavier - than - air car in america . " reports entitled " views of an expert " stated that professor alexander graham bell 's new machine , the red wing , built from plans by lieutenant selfridge , was " shown to be practicable by flight over keuka lake , hammondsport , new york , 12 march 1908 by f. w. baldwin , the engineer in charge of its construction . "
as soon as practicable ( but within 28 days ) after receipt of this notice , the person to whom the notice is directed may give the director a written submission relating to the application .
the school 's board decided that the only practicable means of carrying out pullman 's intention was to close the school and divert the funds from the school into an educational foundation .
( i ) careful evaluation to avoid , wherever practicable , serious or irreversible damage to the environment ; and
as 23-year - old german university student , nipkow proposed and patented the first " near - practicable " electromechanical television system in 1884 .
there are few practicable passes , the easiest being the famous kokoda track which crosses the range between port moresby and buna and was in use for more than 50 years as a regular overland mail - route .
in the face of heavily armed bombers operating in formation it was felt that a group of turret fighters would be able to concentrate their fire flexibly on the bombers ; making beam , astern and from below attacks practicable .
despite the law stipulating that " as far as practicable , children ( whether suspected of a crime or not ) should only be interviewed in the presence of a parent or guardian , or , in their absence , some person who is not a police officer and is of the same sex as the child " , all three of them were questioned without any other adult being present .
siege operations commenced on march 16 , and by early april there were three practicable breaches in the walls .
in 1888 nikola tesla invented the first practicable ac motor and with it the polyphase power transmission system .
in using both formats , tati feared that thomson - color might not be practicable , a concern that proved well - founded after the thomson firm went bankrupt before the film could be processed .
apfsds can still be fired from rifled guns but the sabot is of a modified design incorporating bearings to isolate the spin of the sabot in the barrel from the round itself , so far as practicable .
cvc 21202 , even when none of the provisos and exceptions apply , merely requires cyclists to ride " as close as practicable to the right ... edge of the " roadway " , and " roadway " , per cvc 530 , clearly does not include the shoulder .
third - quarter numbers would be issued " as soon as practicable , " according to a november 7 statement from the company .
and farther , if a gradual emancipation of the slaves in the west indies can not with safety be attempted at present ( till that be found practicable , and with a view to prepare for it ) , their earnest prayer is , that their circumstances , in the mean time , may be rendered more tolerable by being brought to fully under the equal and vigilant eye of public justice , as that they shall be protected from lawless violence ; and by providing means for their religious instruction , that , if it must be their hard lot in this world to suffer bodily bondage , their minds being emancipated from spiritual slavery , by the knowledge of the truth as it is in christ , they may be blessed with that glorious freedom , with which , whatever be the outward situation of his servants , whether bound or free , he makes them “ free indeed ”
one was his long - standing attraction to an eventual career as a church of england clergyman ; another was a recently formed fascination with the challenge of ministering in some way to the manifold needs of the urban poor ; and finally , a comfortable legacy at his father ’s death ( 1906 ) gave him the means to make these two objectives practicable .
after the war , stanisław ulam showed edward teller how to construct a practicable hydrogen bomb .
the vehicle originally weighed 165 tons but this was reduced to a more practicable 120 tons by shortening the length .
" the idea being that you would move all of the bodies as fast as practicable , "
pressure on any other point of the membrane ( speaking theoretically ) makes all the modes with formula_31 practicable , since it will always be possible to have a nodal diameter passing through that point .
before the act there had been separate environmental regulation of air , water and land pollution and the act brought in an integrated scheme that would seek the " best practicable environmental option " .
the implication here is that federal structures are more practicable than having many - to - many relationships .
it is not only not censurable , but commendable , and the only thing practicable in countries like ours . "
a memorandum on a practicable soviet of technicians " discusses the possibility of socialist revolution in the united states comparable to that then occurring in russia ( the soviets had not yet at that time become a state ( ussr formed in 1922 ) ) .
it should be noted that tax rates of the magnitude of 0.1%-1% have been proposed by normative economists , without addressing how practicable these would be to implement .
incremental improvements are included in the determination if they are practicable and they will enhance the margin of safety .
the level of safety required is specified in the ohs act as " reasonably practicable " taking into account a number of factors , including cost effectiveness , availability of technology for mitigation and available knowledge of hazards .
the company is therefore committed to ensuring that , as far as is practicable , all employees and contractors shall work in an environment that is free of hazards that may cause personal injury or losses .
variants were suggested by tesla for receiving power from electromagnetic radiation , or alternating electric near fields , of practicable frequency , and for exploiting the vertical voltage gradient in the earth 's atmosphere .
he wrote that his intentions have ever been to treat my people with kindness in the attention to their wants of every description , and to grant them every reasonable and practicable indulgence . "
john c. moss ( january 5 , 1838—april 8 , 1892 ) invented the first practicable photo - engraving process in 1863 .
he recognized the immense advantages to meteorology of high - level observing stations , and whenever it was practicable he arranged for simultaneous observations being made at different altitudes for as long periods as possible .
the assembly at its first sitting in every session and if the office of the deputy speaker or that of the deputy chairman of committees becomes vacant at any time before the next session of the assembly , at its next sitting after the occurrence of the vacancy or as soon as practicable thereafter , elect from among its members , other than ministers or private parliamentary secretaries , a deputy speaker and a deputy chairman of committees of the assembly .
if a dio detains a person , they must arrange for a constable to attend as soon as is reasonably practicable .
on may 22 , 1864 , in a special communique to colonel higgins at green spring , kelley ordered : " as soon as practicable send captain hart with 125 or 150 men on a scout up the east side of the river , to moorefield and vicinity , after mcneill .
house seats are apportioned among the states by population in such a manner that the ratio between that number and the population of the state is , so far as practicable , the same for all states .
through an integrated approach to social enterprise - related teaching , research , and activities at hbs , the social enterprise initiative engages with leaders in the nonprofit , for – profit , and public sectors to generate and disseminate practicable resources , tools , and knowledge with the ultimate goal of bettering society .
although this drilling method has largely been supplanted in recent years by other , faster drilling techniques , it is still the most practicable drilling method for large diameter , deep bedrock wells , and in widespread use for small rural water supply wells .
it was proposed , for instance , that german forces might be allowed to occupy the ruhr valley under whatever guarantees marshal foch might think necessary ; or that the german troops should be accompanied by allied officers ; or that the matter should be left in the hands of the german government with a warning that if the neutral zone were not re - evacuated as soon as practicable , a further district of germany would be occupied by the entente .
by october 5 , the british cannonade had made a practicable breach in the fortifications of manila .
a federal committee , the board must include the chairmen and ranking minority members of both houses ' armed services committees ( or surrogates ) , the senior army officer responsible for training ( or a surrogate ) , one person chosen by the secretary of state , the head of the u.s. southern command ( or a surrogate ) , and six people chosen by the secretary of defense ( " including , to the extent practicable , persons from academia and the religious and human rights communities " ) .
it also is important that the particles be as small as practicable because that reduces their tendency to migrate under the influence of buoyant forces .
however , during flight testing , it was discovered that the airframe was too heavy and could not carry sufficient fuel to safely make the flight to the united states , with it not being practicable to modify the aircraft to solve these problems .
i ) preventing the release of substances prescribed for any environmental medium or , where that is not practicable by such means , for reducing the release of such substances to a minimum and for rendering harmless any such substances which are so released ; and
we viewed the development of the river as the only reasonable , practicable , safe , and logical way for millions of americans and visitors to enjoy the canyon bottom which to date so few have had an opportunity to visit or view . ”
both can be gained from coniston and swirl hawse is also a practicable objective from little langdale .
