another author writes that it began as a result of the attempts of sir walter long - recently returned from military service in ireland , strengthened by his marriage to catherine thynne of longleat , and with one of his houses , draycot , only a few miles from the danvers seat at dauncey - to challenge the danvers ' predominance .
the only difference appears to be that the siddha medicine recognizes predominance of vatham , pitham and kapam in childhood , adulthood and old age respectively , whereas in ayurveda it is totally reversed : kapam is dominant in childhood , vatham in old age and pitham in adults .
various factors may have led to the extinction of cum manu and the predominance of sine manu during the roman republic .
the predominance of french culture is more than evident .
in reality , however , christian publication in vietnam continued to use either latin or the traditional vietnamese chữ nôm rather than the simpler alphabetic quốc ngữ for the next 200 years , and quốc ngữ would only gain predominance with the french invasion of 1861 and the establishment of french indochina .
many pecoma types shows a female predominance in the sex ratio .
the majority of the population of the western hemisphere could broadly be described as cultural christians , due to the predominance of the christian faith in western culture , as well as widely celebrated religious holidays such as easter and christmas .
alexander tells kal - l and his cousin power girl that they can help him bring aspects of earth - two into predominance over the merged universes ( as earth - one had become predominant post - crisis ) , which will help earth - two 's lois lane recover from her current illness .
almost all of the hussards later participated to the " cahiers de la table ronde " , renamed " la table ronde " , a review created for the purpose of contesting the predominance of " les temps modernes " , and to which famous writers such as françois mauriac , jean giono or jean paulhan contributed .
the position of predominance which the ostrogothic kingdom had enjoyed under theodoric in the west now passed irrevocably to the franks .
it is named after the predominance of the tire industry in akron .
historical predominance of the swedish language among the gentry .
instead he theorized that the vast majority of british ancestry originated in a paleolithic iberian people , traced to modern - day basque populations , represented by the predominance of haplogroup r1b in the united kingdom today .
around the same time france actively participated to the jesuit china missions , as louis xiv sent in 1685 a mission of five jesuits " mathematicians " to china in an attempt to break the portuguese predominance : jean de fontaney ( 1643–1710 ) , joachim bouvet ( 1656–1730 ) , jean - françois gerbillon ( 1654–1707 ) , louis le comte ( 1655–1728 ) and claude de visdelou ( 1656–1737 ) .
two places called ballyagan , one in county londonderry and the other in county antrim attest to the o'hagans predominance in the region .
a notable exception to the predominance of agriculture has been the sacramento area , where the large and stable workforce of government employees helped steer the economy away from agriculture .
due to economic ( the importance of the protein export industry ) , legislative ( prohibition and temperance ) and cultural factors ( overwhelming predominance of beer and spirit drinking british immigration ) , wine was a marginal activity .
the predominance of pterygia on the nasal side is possibly a result of the sun 's rays passing laterally through the cornea where it undergoes refraction and becomes focused on the limbic area .
the " upper saprolite " zone is distinguished by the general absence of fresh rock and the predominance of clay species .
women in the middle ages were historically influenced by the cultural and relgiious predominance of the roman catholic church , which emphasized a wife 's obedience to her husband and the exclusion of women from significant ecclesiastical responsibilities .
he was offered promotion , honors and other rewards , but he never was once motivated to desert the cause holding predominance in his heart .
at the same time , batu 's successor and younger brother berke sent punitive expeditions to ukraine , belarus , lithuania and poland while suspecting that hulegu 's invasion of western asia would result in the elimination of his predominance there .
in modern times , the legacy of this resettlement policy could still be seen in the predominance of quechua speakers in many areas of bolivia .
the predominance of sequencing can also be found in the follow up live album " dziekuje poland live ' 83 " , although it should be noted that many of its tracks are re - workings of those to be found on " audentity " .
but emperor heraclius 's offensive in 627 and 628 brought victory over the georgians and persians and ensured byzantine predominance in western and eastern georgia until the invasion of the caucasus by the arabs .
because of the miasmatic theory 's predominance among italian scientists , the 1854 discovery by filippo pacini of the bacillum that caused the disease was completely ignored , and the bacteria had to be rediscovered thirty years later by robert koch .
to prevent russian expansionism and achievement of predominance on the asian continent , mahan believed pressure on asia 's flanks could be the only viable strategy pursued by sea powers .
predominance in tropical soils .
generally , restite is composed of a predominance of mafic minerals because these are harder to melt ( see bowen 's reaction series ) .
in the interior , there is a predominance of indian and white mixture .
the byzantine naval predominance lasted until the early 9th century , when a succession of disasters at the hands of the resurgent muslim fleets spelled its end and inaugurated an era that would represent the zenith of muslim ascendancy .
the predominance of pasture rather than arable farming in this area of middlesex kept it thinly populated , with settlement mainly confined to a few villages and hamlets .
it was also fuelled by a rejection of mercantilism in favour of the predominance of adam smith 's capitalism .
findings showed that females process music information bilaterally and males process music with a right - hemispheric predominance .
it was probably shortly after this battle that the thebans used their new predominance to destroy thespiae and drive its people into exile .
the collection of business turnover tax ( btt ) and its successor value added tax ( vat ) from remains insignificant because of predominance of small size business .
about 1 in 200 people has an additional cervical rib and there is a female predominance .
senate resolution 155 , passed on march 20 , 1998 , referred to the predominance of scots among the founding fathers and claimed that the american declaration of independence was " modeled on " the declaration of arbroath .
according to " the cambrigde ancient history " : " the predominance of a supreme goddess is probably a reflexion from the practice of matriarchy wihch at all times charactherized elamite civilization to a greater or lesser degree " .
in the first section , the authors identify the challenges entrepreneurs face when trying to raise capital : ( 1 ) " uncertainty " about the future ; ( 2 ) " information gaps " about the new product and the market for it ; ( 3 ) the predominance of " soft assets " ( e.g. patents , trade secrets ) , in contrast to hard assets ( e.g. land , equipment ) that are easier to finance ; and ( 4 ) the volatility of the " product- and financial market conditions " .
however , finnish eventually recovered its predominance in the country after the birth of fennomanic finnish nationalism in the 19th century .
mangalorean firms have had a major presence in the tile , beedi , coffee and cashewnut industry , although the tile industry has been in decline due to the predominance of concrete in the modern construction .
according to marin ramirez ( 1991 ) , as quoted in the national report on water resources management in colombia , the predominance of gravity irrigation systems are due to both the sense of water being an abundant and cheap resource and the high upfront costs for improved irrigation techniques .
the immediate years after world war ii saw the u.s. navy attempting to resume its predominance in guam affairs .
his arrival immediately restored the predominance of the war party , who placed him in command of a combined force of african levies and his mercenaries from italy .
predominance diagram .
today , the salagama predominance in cinnamon cultivation has declined , the higher status gained by the caste leading to its members abandoning their traditional occupation .
the pjsa is the north american affiliate of ipra , and includes members from around the world with a predominance from the united states and canada .
the " brahma yamala " , a tantric text ( though oriented from a right - handed vaishnava perspective ) , says there are three currents of tradition ( dakshina , vama , and madhyama ) characterized respectively by the predominance of each of the three gunas ( sattva , rajas , and tamas ) .
its political and geographic predominance gave britain a base from which to project its power over more than 500 princely states that made up india .
the brief period of etruscan coinage , with the predominance of marks of value , seems to be an amalgam that reconciles two very different monetary systems : the ‘
the predominance of stone as a building material came about early in bermuda 's history .
however , the series would soon lose its predominance with the growth in popularity of rap music , as the next year " big shiny tunes 7 " was outsold in its first week in canada by eminem 's soundtrack to the film " 8 mile " .
the hazard class and division ( hc / d ) is a numeric designator within a hazard class indicating the character , predominance of associated hazards , and potential for causing personnel casualties and property damage .
in some parts of africa , the traditional african diet has a predominance of milk , curd , and whey .
the grand coalition is a grouping of five indigenous fijian - dominated parties , including the ruling soqosoqo duavata ni lewenivanua ( sdl ) , formed in august 2005 , with a view to perpetuating indigenous predominance in the political sphere .
in this work , he relied on a great deal of statistics from the era , which indicated the predominance of protestants among the wealthy , industrial , and technical classes relative to catholics .
since then , mainly holsteiners from the ladykiller xx line and the cor - de - la - bryère - sf lines , but also stallions from oldenburg have gained predominance .
they were built before world war ii to gain predominance in the mediterranean sea .
sometime individuals have a predominance of hungry ghost in their makeup .
another important characteristic of politics in the dominican republic is the predominance of strong charismatic leaders in place of ideology .
the portuguese immigration was strongly marked by the predominance of men ( colonial reports from the 16th and 17th centuries almost always report the absence or rarity of portuguese women ) .
city center - the territory at east of the historical town built - up between 1948 and 1978 with predominance of 4 - 5 storey buildings .
in the ensuing turmoil , three states tried to gain predominance in the period of the three kingdoms .
the extreme predominance of earth colors in his early work was largely a matter of budget : a £ 1,500 annuity from the beaux arts allowed him to broaden his palette , which can be seen in his works once he resumed painting .
the main feature of the leucine zipper domain is the predominance of the common amino acid leucine at the " d " position of the heptad repeat .
both tendencies persisted in byzantium , but the first , as the one officially recognized , retained predominance and was not driven from the field until the fall of the empire .
their predominance ended in the schmalkaldic war , which pitted the protestant schmalkaldic league against emperor charles v.
they are often multi - colored however frequently have a predominance of turquoise .
bedale beck is watered by the river swale in the yorkshire dales , helping the predominance of agriculture and its related small traditional trades , although tourism is increasingly important .
perhaps the highlight of the team 's one year in columbus was the play of quarterback major harris , who rushed for 429 yards during that season , an achievement given the predominance of passing in the play of the afl .
given his background in industry , and given president eisenhower 's predominance in defense matters , mcelroy 's appointment was not unusual .
orthodox serbs held predominance in the hum and in the eastern border regions of podrinje .
one of the outstanding problems in modern physics is the predominance of matter over antimatter in the universe .
this resulted in a predominance of magic and a weakening of scientific laws within earth - two 's universe .
the following quote in " bhagavatī ārādhanā " ( 1616 ) sums up the predominance of karmas in jain doctrine:-
as opposed to an estuary , which is typically open to the ocean and fresh water constantly , a lagoon seals up seasonally and fills with a predominance of fresh water .
this resulted in the predominance of matter over antimatter in the present universe .
" predominance " is the debut album by the norwegian black metal band susperia .
there is no national predominance at the university .
because the predominance of bhojpuri speaking emigrants , the caribbean hindustani and sarnami hindoestani are most influenced by bhojpuri and other bihari varieties .
macrobius ' statement shows that the tradition of the massacre of the innocents had become firmly established in the culture at large , for the fact that christianity is not mentioned in any of his writings , despite the predominance it was asserting in every aspect of contemporary roman life , coupled with his vigorous interest in pagan rituals , leaves scholars in no doubt as to his pagan religion .
the predominance of the so - called nest , or lens accumulations of copper minerals in kargaly led to the appearance of huge underground halls derived from galleries .
the ' diafotismos ' was given impetus by the greek predominance in trade and education , in the ottoman empire .
this predominance was further reinforced and complicated in the mid - twelfth century by an influx of followers of the angevin dynasty , speaking a more mainstream dialect of french .
as a young man , manuel had been determined to restore by force of arms the predominance of the byzantine empire in the mediterranean countries .
because of the predominance of protestants among those coming from england , the english colonies became almost entirely protestant by the time of the american revolution .
when club members visited the sedgley site they found a landscape that varied from small open areas to dense woods , with a predominance of lightly wooded land and gentle slopes .
the agriculture of el masnou is mainly of flowers , especially carnations , and the industry has a predominance of textile , with several industries about ceramics , glass and pharmaceutical products .
though a tory , he had an active share in the intrigues which gradually led to the predominance of the whigs in alliance with marlborough .
most are linked to the universities and specialize in many kinds of instruments , as well as lyrical interpretation and the deveopment of the singing voice . amongst the language schools , of predominance
paratonality’ : the predominance of a diatonic element in a polytonal or atonal passage .
the ashanti exploited their military predominance to bring slaves to coastal forts established first by portugal after 1480 , and then soon afterwards by the dutch , danish , and english .
it makes biological sense that sexual creatures should be attracted to mates sporting a predominance of common or average features , as opposed to extraordinary features .
while arab nationalism , at least in an early form , and syrian nationalism were the dominant tendencies along with continuing loyalty to the ottoman state , palestinian politics was marked by a reaction to foreign predominance and the growth of foreign immigration particularly zionist .
the predominance of state and collective ownership , firm central control over the financial system , redistribution of resources among regions , rationing of grain , and subsidized provision of housing resulted in a pattern of income distribution that was much narrower than those in almost all other developing countries .
the adoption of christianity by the roman emperor constantine in the fourth century and subsequent predominance of christianity led to a diminished emphasis on erotic love among military forces .
gradually , the predominance of athens turned the league effectively into an athenian empire .
ospf had achieved predominance as an igp ( interior gateway protocol ) routing protocol , particularly in medium - to - large - sized enterprise networks .
however , the nascent republic was even weaker than its predecessor due to the predominance of chinese warlords .
the village of brownhills near lichfield is also a possible source of the name , but the predominance of recordings in the london area suggests that the source is a now " lost " place in the south east of england .
however , from 1989 to 1991 , three teams had broken down the predominance and became the continental champions .
the authors concluded that journalists ' coverage of controversial issues reflected their own attitudes , and the predominance of political liberals in newsrooms therefore pushed news coverage in a liberal direction .
the liberal opposition secured the creation of a parliament , but the constitution was largely a conservative document reaffirming the monarchy 's predominance .
the predominance of blue staining is due the fact that the cells consist predominantly of nucleus , i.e. they have scant cytoplasm .
asga recently has conducted national research on compensation paid to elected officers , the most common names of student governments , and the predominance of african - american and women elected sg presidents .
to mitigating the predominance of speculation over enterprise in the united states .
in places like edinburgh , where the proliferation of wooden buildings meant a predominance of wrights , the territorial lodge offered a form of craft self - governance distinct from the incorporation .
the same instinct of self - preservation which had led the members of the convention to claim so large a part in the new legislature and the whole of the directory impelled them to keep their predominance .
his programme , in brief , was the carrying through of the church reform laws with all due regard to clerical susceptibilities , and the maintenance of the composition of 1867 , whilst fully guaranteeing the predominance of hungary .
in cyana morgan 's museum , in addition to the predominance of twentieth century - based exhibits , within a hall of paintings , katin notices that many of the works share the same subjects — and , in many cases , the same names — even though the tags clearly indicate the paintings were created centuries apart , and on different planets .
the predominance of the agriculture in brazilian economy was decreasing and the first steps of a late industrial revolution was expanding the working class .
dr. nathaniel bedford planned a large part of birmingham and named many streets after his friends and family , thus the predominance of streets named after people such as jane , sarah , and carson .
however , the predominance of locally produced painted pottery in all areas of halaf sites including potters settlement questions that theory .
the srivaishnava writers ( followers of a sect of vaishnavism ) of kannada literature were also in competition with telugu and sanskrit writers , their predominance continuing into the english colonial rule over the princely state of mysore .
of all these eusebius and theognis , bishops of the province of bithynia , did everything in their power to give predominance to the tenets of arius .
self - selected samples tend to report a predominance of human figures , but apparitions of animals , and even objects are also reported .
this sexual asymmetry is marked on the genetics of the brazilian people , regardless of skin color : there is a predominance of european ancestors on the paternal side , and of amerindian and african ancestors on the maternal side .
forrestal replied weakly , saying that a predominance of black men were stationed at port chicago so of course they would be working there to load munitions .
some of these stages are marked by the predominance of affectivity over intelligence whereas others appear characterized instead by the primacy of intelligence over affectivity .
in the interior , there is a predominance of indian and white mixture .
this kind of forest is easily recognized because of its general appearance , with trees that can reach 35 meters of high , with predominance of the leguiminosae family , such as : the yvyrá pytâ ( peltophorum dubium ) , yvyrá ro ( pterogyne nitens ) ; the boraginaceae family : petereby ( " cordia dichotoma " ) ; and the moraceae family : tatajyva ( " cholorophora tinctoria " ) and amba’y ( cecropia pachystachya ) .
similarly , a contributing factor to the predominance of the " no " vote likely comes from the unwillingness of the public to extend the powers of government .
as time went on , more and more hops were carried on the river rather than the roads and the wednesday meat market took predominance .
sedgley fit ed 's vision of how a disc golf course should be designed : a predominance of short holes each requiring a great variety of shots .
in 1864 charles xv had endeavoured to form an anti - prussian league with denmark ; and after the defeat of denmark he projected a scandinavian union , in order , with the help of france , to oppose prussian predominance in the north - a policy which naturally collapsed with the overthrow of the french empire in 1870 .
in the rest of the military , however , units were anglicized , because of the predominance of the radio , and the heavy technical instruction was only available in english - only training centres .
the predominance of tourism means that " tourism is by far the main sector throughout each of the individual islands , in terms of employment … [ and ] this is much greater than other remote and rural areas in the united kingdom ” " .
byzantium was primarily known as the " empire of the greeks " by foreigners due to the predominance of greek linguistic , cultural , and demographic elements .
according to some baseball historians , robinson and the other african american players helped reestablish the importance of baserunning and similar elements of play that were previously de - emphasized by the predominance of power hitting .
the romans , who took the greek colonies and colonized the eastern coast of the adriatic , caused the weakening of greek predominance .
in common with much of the rest of the arab world , the gradual process of arabisation in northern sudan led to the predominance of the arabic language and aspects of arab culture , leading to the shift among a majority of northern sudanese today to an arab ethnic identity .
during these years , the mix of students shifted gradually from a predominance of public and high school to the present situation where virtually all are pursuing university or other post - secondary education .
unfortunately , the predominance of the more numerous lutherans in the new consistory of the reformed , as well as the unsuccessful november uprising in 1830 led the tsar nicolas i of russia to dissolve the union in 1849 .
in the northeast , which received large masses of african slaves to work in sugarcane , tobacco and cotton plantations , people of african and mixed - race descent predominate , mostly on the coast , whereas in the semi - arid countryland ( usually called " sertão " ) there 's a predominance of white and amerindian - european mixed people .
this world demands the qualities of youth : not a time of life but a state of mind , a temper of the will , a quality of imagination , a predominance of courage over timidity , of the appetite for adventure over the life of ease -- a man like the chancellor of this university .
the rig veda notes an earlier period of turvasha - yadu predominance , which the purus broke in order to become the dominant people in the region .
there are many other names for these instruments , but the predominance of names with this root is undeniable .
given that other latin american countries and also portugal were becoming easy prey to european ( mainly british ) greed , maintaining the monarchy with a monarch of european origin acted as a deterrent and allowed brazil to ensure the predominance its interests .
there exists an organization that stands for the liberation of zoanthropes - for power and predominance over humans .
having had it exposed for three days for the veneration of the faithful , he inaugurated the grand tour of the relic all along the coastal belt with halts in places of catholic predominance .
studies in pedagogics , psychology and agriculture have distinguished predominance in china ; the research of silkworm genome is top in the world .
cultural predominance of the east , identified archaeologically by pottery , ivory and metalwork of eastern origin found in hellenic sites , soon gave way to thorough hellenization of imported features in the archaic period that followed .
he based his military policy on themistocles ' principle that athens ' predominance depends on its superior naval power and believed that the peloponnesians were near - invincible on land .
despite the predominance of the design council in the latter half of the 20th century , dia continues its work today as an independent body , organising competitions , events and offering bursaries .
the predominance of scapulae and later of plastrons is also thought to be related to their convenience as large , flat surfaces needing minimal preparation .
today there is a slight predominance of the evangelist denomination .
a few years later it undertook a major effort to woo french language quebecers , by increasing the number of francophone staff , increasing the predominance of the french language on store signage , and spending millions on marketing efforts in the french - language media .
supergene processes include the predominance of meteoric water circulation with concomitant oxidation and chemical weathering .
arab nationals have in the past expressed fear over an " ' egyptianization ' of the local dialects and culture that were believed to have resulted from the predominance of egyptians in the field of education " ( see also egyptian arabic - geographics ) .
however , this early era of prosperity was short lived ; the completion of the corinth canal in 1893 challenged the predominance of its port .
despite their predominance , the muslims were not overbearing .
this suggests a possible systemic component of this disease , despite the predominance of central nervous system features .
owing to the sugar maple tree 's predominance in southeastern canada ( where europeans settled in what was to become canada ) , its leaf has come to symbolize the country , and is depicted on its flag .
his first notable act as duke was an alliance with france in 1633 , a move designed to counter spanish predominance in northern italy and support his territorial ambitions .
in the predominance diagram for chromate , shown at the right , pcr stands for minus the logarithm of the chromium concentration and ph stands for minus the hydrogen ion concentration .
the authors concluded that journalists ' coverage of controversial issues reflected their own attitudes , and the predominance of political liberals in newsrooms therefore pushed news coverage in a liberal direction .
in 1890 , lugard was sent by the company to uganda , where he secured british predominance of the area and put an end to the civil disturbances .
the nazis speculated about the possibility of winning the support of africans from former german colonies for a pro - german colonial propaganda , as the nazis were planning an " african colonial empire under german predominance " .
an ever - increasing number of people are at risk of visual impairment as populations grow and demographic shifts move towards the predominance of older age groups .
james ii of england insisted on catholic predominance and soon picked a quarrel with his protestant subjects which resulted in the loss of his crown .
hurwitz observes that " as the predominance of minor keys suggests , his music has passion and an emotional depth that recalls beethoven without ever descending into mere imitation .
advances in motorcycle technology , especially suspension , have led to the predominance of circuits with added " jumps " on which bikes can get airborne .
it is also understood across most of the arab world due to the predominance of egyptian media , making it the most widely spoken and one of the most widely studied varieties of arabic .
the census also revealed a heavy predominance in the male population , which was 64% of the total .
languages that use syllabaries today tend to have simple phonotactics , with a predominance of monomoraic ( cv ) syllables .
this second stage of evolution therefore resulted in the present predominance of these rocks , and occurred ca .
michurin studied the aspects of heredity in connection with the natural course of ontogenesis and external influence , creating a whole new concept of predominance .
one of the reasons for the predominance of jewish instrumentalists in early 20th century iraqi music was a prominent school for blind jewish children , which was founded in the late 1920s .
the inter - governmental pacific war council was established in washington on 1 april , but remained largely ineffectual due to the overwhelming predominance of us forces in asia and the pacific throughout the war .
however , krafft - ebing 's theories in psychopathia sexualis -- where the terms sadism and masochism were used — were adopted by sigmund freud and became an integral part of psychoanalysis , thereby ensuring their predominance over the concept of " algolagnia " .
the character of the ornamentation shows clearly the predominance of insular and anglo - saxon influences , even though it may have been made on the continent .
marcel granet ( 1930:337–338 ) said the basic reason was a predominance of uterine over agnatic primogeniture ; the grandfather is the closest of the uterine relatives , and thus closer to his grandson than the father is .
asian americans still lag on verbal scores because of the predominance of recent immigrants .
it discussed many of ireland ’s ailments , including the predominance of property in the economy of the republic of ireland and the relation of ireland to europe and the world .
the city is located in a geographic strip of high church attendance and widespread beliefs in biblical christianity often called the " bible belt " , and its history as a hub for televangelists such as oral roberts along with a predominance of christian beliefs and values often lead tulsa to be considered the " buckle of the bible belt . " in 2000 , the metropolitan area of tulsa had 364,533 protestant christians , including 166,550 southern baptists and 78,221 methodists .
during this period , only two argentine teams , vélez sársfield and river plate , could break the predominance of brazilian powers and clinched the title in 1994 and 1996 .
the predominance of sloping land and wet and cool climate conditions restricts utilization of many umbrisols to extensive grazing .
the selections have caused some controversy , mainly because of the predominance of vfl players at the expense of those who played in other leagues in the years before there was a national competition .
the predominance of members from the upper castes in the army , loss of caste due to overseas travel , and rumours of secret designs of the government to convert them to christianity led to deep discontentment among the sepoys .
more recent western scholarship by thomas spear and randall pouwells emphasizes black african historical predominance over the diffusionist perspective .
in many circumstances scattering causes radiation to redden because entropy results in the predominance of many low - energy photons over few high - energy ones ( while conserving total energy ) .
his victory roll included a dirigible , four observation balloons , and a predominance of enemy fighters among the planes he had felled .
the bill also proposed the fundamental values of quebec should be taken into account in a future constitution , including equality between sexes and the predominance of french
the predominance of natural history , books and manuscripts began to lessen when in 1772 the museum acquired its first antiquities of note ; sir william hamilton 's collection of greek vases .
the 1970s ushered in a period of wide - ranging social and political changes , stemming in large part from the concerns of the french - canadian majority about the conservation of their culture and language , given the traditional predominance of the english - canadian minority in the business arena .
but the predominance of songs makes the album a bridge between henry cow and art bears , a move away from henry cow 's usual intense compositions , and the beginnings of art bears 's music , fully realised later on their next two albums .
the confucian tradition , which would attain predominance , looked not to the force of law , but to the power and example of tradition for political morality .
general mortality has been " characterized by a marked predominance of causes associated with chronic noncommunicable diseases " , according to the pan american health organization .
however , berke 's persuasion might force him to delay to strength hulegu 's force , little suspecting that it would result in eliminating the jochid predominance there , for few years .
many were of swedish and norwegian origins ; hence the predominance today of residents of scandinavian heritage .
theseus now may permanently state his predominance over the city of athens and gain his citizens ' respect once again .
according to the predominance of the minerals of the source rock , it was classified into four categories : sauvarna , rajat , tamra and lauha .
francia released them only after they agreed to pay an enormous collective indemnity of 150,000 pesos ( about 75 percent of the annual state budget ) , an amount so large that it broke their predominance in the paraguayan economy .
a sexual creature , therefore , wishing to mate with a fit partner , would be expected to avoid individuals sporting unusual , peculiar , unique or uncommon features ( many of which are likely to be due to mutations ) , while being especially attracted to those individuals displaying a predominance of common or average features .
the predominance of isla 's membership is located in the united kingdom or europe , although there is growing membership from industry participants in the united states and the far east .
the carolinian forest is a life zone in eastern north america characterized primarily by a predominance of deciduous , or broad - leaf trees .
turnout is very low , leading to the vocal predominance of kabuli radicals .
from the beginning of the fourteenth century , owing to the predominance of nominalism and to the sad condition of the church , scholasticism began to decline ( third epoch , 1300 - 1500 ) .
the most striking developments in recent times have been the rise of the prose form to a position of predominance — a position earlier held by poetry — and the prodigious growth in dramatic literature .
however the commission never questioned the colonial status quo , or the role or predominance of white settlers , endorsing their ‘ civilizing mission’ and approving the continuing administration of the territories , holding them in trusteeship for the natives ( sic ) .
what was most unusual about this was that he managed to do so while playing " shortstop " , given the predominance of right - handed hitters in a baseball lineup ( who will usually hit the ball to the left side of the infield ) .
the partition of the roman empire between the two sons of the emperor theodosius was soon followed by a predominance of foreign elements in the court of byzantium , the eastern half of the divided world .
the crystals are orthorhombic , and are generally tabular in habit owing to the predominance of the basal pinacoid ; numerous smooth bright faces are often developed on the edges and corners of the crystals .
the reason for the predominance of females is thought to be primarily due to temperature ; incubating eggs at 29°c ( 84°f ) produces 100% female offspring , so in the wild a combination of temperature , humidity , and other factors are thought to favor female differentiation .
one reason that has been given for the predominance of women in this role is that the illusions sometimes require an assistant that can fit into cramped spaces and women have an advantage in that they tend to be smaller and more limber than men .
in 1986 , creation of a collection of postcard models to cut out representing world famous monuments , with a definite predominance of european monuments , as well as historic statuettes .
where iranian revolutionaries saw islamic revolutionary stirrings , sunnis saw mostly shia mischief and a threat to sunni predominance . "
when the last triarchs , niccolo iii dalle carceri and georgio iii ghisi , died in 1383 and 1390 respectively , they left their territories to venice , which thus established complete predominance over the island .
the most significant of these was the establishment of the democratic federal yugoslavia , a state that would be a federation of six equal south slavic republics ( as opposed to the serbian predominance in pre - war yugoslavia ) .
in some parts of africa , the traditional african diet has a predominance of milk , curd , and whey .
in 1891 , the end of the old czech predominance in czech politics helped to disrupt the conservative “ iron ring ” parliamentary coalition with whose help count taaffe had governed since 1879 , and marks the beginning of the modern era of czech political parties .
this period also marks the beginning of a substantial predominance of women : from the divas of this radio era until our days , women sharply prevail as " solo " vocalists .
one of the reasons for the predominance of jewish instrumentalists in early 20th century iraqi music was a prominent school for blind jewish children , which was founded in the late 1920s .
due to their distaste for the predominance of slave trade in east texas , the campbells left texas for missouri in 1847 .
guelphic predominance at rome was later restored , and pope john excommunicated william of ockham .
- theory of predominance of close combat techniques ( " dĩ đoản thắng trường " )
option offenses are characterized as such due to the predominance of option running plays employed in these schemes .
the new stadtholder , william ii , on the other hand , far less adept as a politician than his father , hoped to continue the predominance of the stadtholderate and the orangist faction ( mostly the aristocracy and the counter - remonstrant regents ) as in the years before 1640 .
indeed , some sperm banks and fertility clinics , particularly in the us , denmark and the uk have a predominance of women being treated with donor sperm who come within these groups and their publicity is aimed at them .
the deepening political crisis caused the fall of gounaris ' government in may 1922 , after marginally surviving a vote of confidence , but the predominance of his followers in the national assembly meant that he only exchanged the post of prime minister with that of justice minister in the government of petros protopapadakis .
the predominance of hinduism in cham religion was interrupted for a time in the 9th and 10th centuries , when a dynasty at indrapura ( dong duong in quang nam province of modern vietnam ) adopted mahayana buddhism as its faith .
skimming off local resources via licenses , ordinances , and authorization is reminiscence of traditional javanese administration , as are the predominance of family ties and privileged groups .
bryan carroll of allmusic , however , gave the album 2.5/5 stars and criticized the predominance of " mood pieces " , while stating , " on the whole " soul food taqueria " fails to stick to the ribs because it simply lacks the proper spice " .
although the german language retained a slight predominance , the preservation of czech language and culture was legally guaranteed .
pell 's world is similar to earth , except for a perpetual blanket of cloud that covers the entire world , resulting from a predominance of green - house gasses .
pastoral nomadic sites are identified based on their location outside the zone of agriculture , the absence of grains or grain - processing equipment , limited and characteristic architecture , a predominance of sheep and goat bones , and by ethnographic analogy to modern pastoral nomadic peoples juris zahrins has proposed that pastoral nomadism began as a cultural lifestyle in the wake of the 6200 bc climatic crisis when harifian huntergatherers fused with ppnb agriculturalists to produce a nomadic lifestyle based on animal domestication developing a circum arabian nomadic pastoral complex , and spreading proto - semitic languages .
the predominance of gaelic began to decline in the 13th century , and by the end of the middle ages scotland was divided into two linguistic zones , the english / scots - speaking lowlands and the gaelic - speaking highlands and galloway .
after cnut ’s death in 1035 , england and norway were lost , and with the defeat of valdemar ii in 1227 , danish predominance in the region came to an end .
in the above formula the ratio of floor high scores has been doubled ( to minimise the inherent predominance of the score - related categories over the floor - related ones in it ) and the ratio of score high scores has been squared ( to express the fact that the amount of score earned during an " icy tower " game is usually close to the square root of its highest combo value ) .
racks are sometimes called simply " triangles " ( most often by amateur shooters ) based on the predominance of this form .
they also have a very different tannin content to cider apples , with a predominance of astringent over bitter flavours .
it also underlined two new facts in argentine politics : on one hand , the alliance of the students ' movement with the workers , and on the other hand , the predominance of the interior ( or of the provinces of argentina ) on the capital , buenos aires .
alcains is located in a region predominantely inhabited since distant times , with evident neolithic signs and roman predominance .
while the predominantly serbian royalist chetnik movement led by draža mihailović supported the exiled king , and a unitary post - war yugoslav monarchy with a strong predominance of its serbian population ( " greater serbia " ) .
in the coronary circulation , norepinephrine elicits vasodilation , due to the predominance of beta - adrenergic receptors in the coronary circulation .
the predominance of superheroes has continued into the modern day .
the report drew a correlation between the predominance of minorities and the presence of these waste facilities .
ostensibly against cooperation with germany , the putsch was largely motivated by strong serbian resentment against the croatian banovina , which was seen as unduly favouring croats and undermining serbian predominance in yugoslavia .
the battery was known as the " upshur battery " due to the predominance of men from upshur county who enlisted in its ranks .
the senate is characterised by the predominance of the colour red , in both the carpet and the red leather of the seating and desks .
theodora worked against her husband 's support of chalcedonian ( orthodox ) christianity in the ongoing struggle for the predominance of each faction .
metaxas himself had a reputation as a germanophile dating back to his studies in germany and his role in the national schism ; king george however and most of the country 's elites were staunchly anglophile , and the predominance of the british royal navy in the mediterranean could not be ignored by a maritime country like greece .
in pre - modern economies , the predominance of small enterprises militated against the recognition of marketing as a separate field of expertise .
uttar pradesh has a multi - party system with a predominance of small regional parties .
predominance is given to animal forms , particularly horses and lions , which are magnificently represented in great detail .
females show a slight predominance over males ; the female - to - male ratio is 57:43 .
deficiency of efas may increase susceptibility to x - irradiation and chemical carcinogens , the former in conjunction with the latter leading to leukaemia and the latter to carcinoma of the bronchus and to the predominance of carcinoma of the stomach in males , the male requirement for efas being about five times that of the female .
the region has intrigued botanists for many years because of the predominance of the sierran flora only from the pacific ocean .
the disorder has a female predominance .
a predominance of these instances of ethnic conflict is located in the caucasus and the central asian regions as a result of territorial disputes and political unrest .
for example , the predominance of mobile phones , pagers , and pdas has significantly altered the previously dangerous situations in which investigators traditionally might have found themselves .
the main characteristics of the manufacturing sector inherited by the revolution included a predominance of foreign ownership and foreign managerial , professional , and technical staffing ; heavy emphasis on light industries ; inward orientation and relatively high tariffs ; capital - intensiveness ; underutilized capacity ; minimal linkage among the different sectors ; and excessive geographical concentration of industries in addis ababa , ethiopia 's capital city .
a concern for easy voice - leading ( easy , that is , for singers to read and follow ) often leads to a predominance of stepwise motion and may assist or replace diatonic functionality .
the western gneiss terrane is distinct from the remainder of the yilgarn craton in that the latter has a predominance of metavolcanic rocks , both felsic and mafic , whereas the former consists of high - grade metasediments and gneisses of unknown protolith .
