for example , nearly all opioids are list i drugs , but they are commonly prescribed to cancer and hiv patients , as well as sufferers of chronic pain , although prescriptions for opioids are very scarce due to fear of misuse , and they are only prescribed in situations where they are certainly needed , like the terminally ill .
in 2006 , 60% of residents in england and wales have more or less extensive clinical records and their prescriptions generated on 4000 installations of one system ( emis ) written in ' m ' ( mumps as was ) .
at dalchenna farm on loch fyne , he was finally able to indulge his lifelong desire to write a novel , having theretofore " written nothing but prescriptions and scientific papers " .
indeed , generic prescribing already accounts for 83% of all prescriptions in the uk .
additionally , two of the prescriptions were written for alex katz and one was written for smith 's friend and psychiatrist , dr. khristine eroshevitz .
most of the prescriptions of the ancient civil law were received into the church law and they are incorporated in the " corpus juris canonici " .
prescriptions typically include the power specifications of each lens ( for each eye ) .
after being defeated by pompey , mithridates ' antidote prescriptions and notes of medicinal plants were taken by the romans and translated into latin .
the earliest record dates back to 200 bc , in the " fifty - two prescriptions " unearthed from the mawangdui han dynasty tombs .
the number of psychiatric drug prescriptions have been increasing at an extremely high rate since the 1950s and show no sign of abating .
its primary function is to determine the reimbursement and remuneration due when prescriptions are dispensed outside hospitals anywhere in england or the channel islands .
the identity of the hidden imam is not known to the community but it is believed he will return to lead the faithful . ismailis generally follow the religious practice of the shia twelvers in prayers , fasts , and quranic prescriptions , but in their conservatism they resemble sunnis on some points .
ryan was in the process of cross - referencing and verifying that the prescriptions did indeed belong to victims in the morgue , when julia , who had gone off her medications , came in and wildly fired a shot at those present , which missed everyone in the room , but shattered a glass pane .
it is part of an initiative by the department of veterans affairs to provide mail order prescriptions to veterans using computerization at strategic locations throughout the united states .
both children with and without adhd abuse stimulants , with adhd individuals being at the highest risk of abusing or diverting their stimulant prescriptions .
in the fourth treatise qirqisani expounds , in sixty - eight chapters , the fundamental principles leading to the comprehension of the particular religious prescriptions .
so quickly did he develop his prescriptions - from the cold treatment of grain , to the plucking of leaves from cotton plants , to the cluster planting of trees , to unusual fertilizer mixes - that academic biologists did not have time to demonstrate that one technique was valueless or harmful before a new one was adopted .
we take those prescriptions from the great jazz people and applied them to our own framework . "
oa affects about 8 million people in the united kingdom and nearly 27 million people in the united states , where it accounts for 25% of visits to primary care physicians and half of all nsaid ( non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ) prescriptions .
in ireland , doctors ( general practitioners and family planning clinics ) can issue prescriptions for levonorgestrel and iuds .
again it is stated that the ritual was performed in strict compliance with vedic prescriptions ( 1.14.10 ) .
specially coded prescriptions may be required in certain states .
cybermedicine is the use of the internet to deliver medical services , such as medical consultations and drug prescriptions .
two confirmed cases of liver injury have been reported by eli lilly and company out of approximately two million prescriptions written .
physicians , physician assistants , and nurse practitioners are perhaps the most important players in pharmaceutical sales because they write the prescriptions that determine which drugs will be used by the patient . influencing the physician
the traditional gauge fixing prescriptions of continuum electrodynamics select a unique representative from each gauge - transformation - related equivalence class using a constraint equation such as the lorenz gauge formula_9 .
they arise from the nature of the two professions and are easily converted between by people accustomed to working with sphero - cylindrical prescriptions .
with him there appears the idea that the pope must limit his activity to ecclesiastical matters , and not intrude in those pertaining to the state , which concern kings only ; that his supremacy is bound to respect the prescriptions of the ancient canons and the privileges of the churches ; and that his decretals must not be placed upon the same footing as the canons of the councils .
tismăneanu shares with berlin and mill an uncompromising commitment to pluralism as the highest political value ; a celebration of difference , nonconformity , and tolerance ; a deep skepticism concerning ultimate solutions , political blueprints , and unequivocal policy prescriptions ; and a wariness regarding the subtler danger of majoritarian authoritarianism . "
prescribers will often give non - prescription drugs out as prescriptions because drug benefit plans may reimburse the patient only if the over - the - counter medication is taken under the direction of a medical practitioner .
some jurisdictions have legislated legible prescriptions ( e.g. florida ) .
prescriptions for the observance of the feasts , and the offerings for different occasions are enumerated : every day ; the sabbath ; the first day of the month ; the seven days of the feast of unleavened bread ; the day of first - fruits ; the day of the trumpets ; the day of atonement ; the seven days of the feast of tabernacles ; the day of solemn assembly .
there were 43 million prescriptions issued for insomnia medications during 2005 in the usa which generated a total of $ 2.7 billion for pharmaceutical companies .
a prescription pre - payment certificate ( or ppc ) can be bought for uk £ 104.00 , and covers unlimited prescriptions for 12 months .
her aunt tells her what the problem is and sonea gives her the prescriptions for the baby 's fever .
bi - concave lens design is different from the usual " best form " curvatures ordered in low power thin lens prescriptions , but by splitting the curvature in thirds or so , a thinner high minus lens is developed , although costing more , and more difficult to dispense .
nearly half ( 42% ) of these prescriptions were for conditions not approved by the regulatory agencies , such as acute bronchitis , otitis media , and acute upper respiratory tract infection , according to a study that was supported in part by the agency for healthcare research and quality ..
the central role of the monarchy in the canadian constitution , and the difficult prescriptions to removing it , are said by monarchists to illustrate the importance of the crown as the centre of the entire system of government and justice in canada , to the point where crown and constitution are inseparable .
its long title is " an act to provide for availability of contact lens prescriptions to patients , and for other purposes " .
benzodiazepines , including diazepam , oxazepam , nitrazepam , and flunitrazepam , accounted for the largest volume of forged drug prescriptions in sweden 1982 - 1986 .
cdi / mdi might also be avoided by physicians requiring their patients to return any unused prescriptions .
in the united states , the main drugs - control agency , the drug enforcement administration , reports an increase in annual aggregate production quotas of hydromorphone from 766 kilograms in 1998 to 3,300 kilograms in 2006 , and an increase in prescriptions in this time of 289% , from about 470,000 to 1,830,000 .
by the end of the 19th century , latin in some instances functioned less as a language than as a code capable of concise and exact expression , as for instance in physicians ' prescriptions , or in a botanist 's description of a specimen .
flunitrazepam is subject to more stringent regulations in certain states and temazepam prescriptions require specially coded pads in certain states .
in some countries , this is because prescriptions are not required .
it has been estimated that up to a third of prescriptions written by uk gps do not go to the pharmacist .
the consolidated mail outpatient pharmacy ( cmop ) initiative of the united states department of veterans affairs provides mail order prescriptions to veterans using facilities with highly automated distribution systems at strategic locations throughout the country .
unlike italian pharmacies , the vatican pharmacy will fill foreign prescriptions .
prescriptions for nitrazepam should be written for short - term use ( 7 to 10 days ) and it should not be prescribed in quantities exceeding a 1-month supply .
there are references to the crown in legal documents , oaths of office taken by the queen 's representative , members of parliament and judges of the high court , and prescriptions in the constitution require allegiance to be sworn to the reigning sovereign as the head of state of the cook islands .
some of these pharmacies require prescriptions , while others do not .
gaitskell 's budget of 1951 introduced charges for certain prescriptions on the national health service .
the company accepts prescriptions only from licensed health care providers and does not prescribe medications or otherwise practice medicine .
the regulating agency can issue lists of forged prescriptions that pharmacists can check .
the little clinic health - care centers are staffed by nurse practitioners who can write prescriptions , provide diagnosis and treatment of common ailments and minor injuries , and offer wellness care like physicals , screenings , and vaccinations .
he started out life by selling medicine prescriptions in kaifeng .
the book has details about more than 1,800 drugs ( chinese medicine ) , including 1,100 illustrations and 11,000 prescriptions .
the chamorro government 's initial economic package embraced a standard international monetary fund and world bank set of policy prescriptions .
special weight was laid by phinehas upon the prescriptions relating to the maaser tithe .
it contained his own social prescriptions , advocating , in part , that mankind could better itself by following the guidance of an elite group of intellectuals , and by implementing a regime of enforced eugenics .
the iaomt has made several preliminary reviews of the toxicological data on fluoride , each time concluding that neither fluoridation of public drinking water supplies , nor fluoride prescriptions ( as controlled - dose supplements ) , deliver any discernible health benefits ; rather , the iaomt found that fluoridation increases the incidence of adverse health effects .
as of 2008 , cefalexin was the most popular cephalosporin antibiotic in the united states , with more than 25 million prescriptions of its generic versions alone , for us$ 255 million in sales .
the result was a rise in prepared cases , a greater emphasis on policy prescriptions and specifics , less - strict adherence to the rules and customs of parliament , and less opportunity for broad philosophical debate .
recently - developed online services like australia 's and the walgreens ' provide information about pharmaceutical products but do not offer prescriptions or drug dispensations .
the theory was never complete or self - consistent , but was a collection of heuristic prescriptions which are now understood to be the first quantum corrections to classical mechanics .
for example , speakers of thick buffalonian will say they shop at " kmart 's , " " target 's " or " home depot 's ; " have drug prescriptions filled at " rite - aid 's " or " eckerd 's " ; rent dvds at " blockbuster 's " or " hollywood 's " ( hollywood video ) ; and eat lunch at " burger king 's , " " mighty taco 's , " or " outback 's " ( outback steakhouse ) .
these concepts , like others in islamic law and jurisprudence , came from the " prescriptions , anecdotes , examples , and words of the prophet , all gathered together and systematized by commentators according to an inductive , casuistic method .
annual audiological evaluations are recommended to monitor any changes in a patient ’s hearing and to modify hearing - aid prescriptions .
they are prescriptions for graphically illustrating a pure concept .
at the same time , consumption is higher in canada , with about 12 prescriptions being filled per person each year in canada and 10.6 in the united states .
based on the number of prescriptions it has been estimated that anthroposophic medicinal products are prescribed by more than 30,000 physicians .
medco ’s automated pharmacies located in las vegas and willingboro , nj , together have the capacity to fill more than 2 million prescriptions per week .
in that year alone , he wrote 54,748 prescriptions .
while friedman and monetarists accepted a lot of keynes ideas - for example , that demand could affect the level of output in the short run - they disagreed on his focus and policy prescriptions .
the high and rising costs of some medicines , especially some types of cancer treatment , means that prescriptions can present a heavy burden to the pcts , whose limited budgets include responsibility for the difference between medicine costs and the fixed prescription charge .
a pupilometer can be used rather than a ruler on the nose for better assurance in fitting progressive lenses , and other specialty lenses , since even tiny errors cause eye strain in certain prescriptions .
in prescriptions for both farsightedness and nearsightedness , the lens curve flattens toward the edge of the glass , except for progressive reading adds for presbyopia , where seamless vari - focal portions change toward a progressively more plus diopter .
the report was the most cited document during the congressional debate that resulted in the adoption of all of perc 's policy prescriptions .
not only did it list and describe the substances , but it also included prescriptions for use – about 11,000 - 8,000 of which were not well known .
this culminated in george tampering with rex 's prescriptions .
data from 1992 to 2001 from the netherlands indicated an increasing rate of prescriptions of ssris , and an increasing duration of treatment .
from the turbulent workplace and the talkative workforce , moran has distilled over 2000 bulleted prescriptions , “ too simple not to know ” , encompassing technological change , cubical life and career / life management .
it has been suggested that the immortals participating in the program were often unaware of the real nature of the sanctuary , as evidenced by the machines and drug prescriptions that accompanied their plant - like stasis .
" pahlavi middle persian " is the language of quite a large body of zoroastrian literature which details the traditions and prescriptions of the zoroastrian religion which was the state religion of sassanid iran ( 224 to ca . 650 ) before iran was invaded by the arab armies that spread islam .
his second book " doktorns recept på ett yngre och friskare liv " ( " the doctor 's prescriptions for a younger and healthier life " ) was released in late 2009 .
according to a paper published by michael d. parkins , 72% of 260 medical prescriptions in the hearst papyrus had no curative elements .
prescriptions may include orders to be performed by a patient , caretaker , nurse , pharmacist or other therapist .
where the spacetime integral is slightly wick rotated to give the correct pole prescriptions .
the magazine alleged angle had received prescriptions for trenbolone ( which is not approved for human use by the fda ) and nandrolone , both anabolic steroids .
pharmacists were given emergency authority to dispense prescriptions and provide access to dialysis machines .
characteristic are its prescriptions of compensation payments or " bot"s , including a weregild to be paid in the case of manslaughter , as opposed to corporeal punishments .
an option for treating partners of patients ( index cases ) diagnosed with chlamydia or gonorrhea is " patient - delivered partner therapy " ( pdt or pdpt ) , which is the clinical practice of treating the sex partners of index cases by providing prescriptions or medications to the patient to take to his / her partner without the health care provider first examining the partner .
voters in eight states showed their support for cannabis prescriptions or recommendations given by physicians between 1996 and 1999 , including alaska , arizona , california , colorado , maine , michigan , nevada , oregon , and washington , going against policies of the federal government .
members are now able to get a discount on 90 day prescriptions through rightsource , depending on what their plan allows .
in october 2006 , dr. phillip mach , who wrote the prescriptions for smith 's customers , plead guilty on one count of conspiracy to distribute and dispense controlled substances , four counts of wire fraud , three counts of unlawful distribution and dispensing of a controlled substance , and five counts of introducing misbranded drugs into interstate commerce .
although the total united states prescriptions for oral bisphosphonates exceeded 30 million in 2006 , less than 10% of bon cases were associated with patients taking oral bisphosphonate drugs .
two urgent care centres cater for much of the routine services for thousands of people without a family doctor , from routine immunisations and health screening , to repeat prescriptions and referral on to specialist services .
however , less than one - tenth of these physicians actually had a " complete emr system " ( with computerized orders for prescriptions , computerized orders for tests , reporting of test results , and physician notes ) .
some hospitals and clinics stipulate patients must buy prescription drugs from the hospitals or directly from the physicians who make the prescriptions .
the commonly held prescriptions of " clean fighting " are disregarded in the jitsu foundation and the use of all advantages available ( including groin strikes , hair pulling , spinal locks , eye rakes , and to a small extent nerve points ) is encouraged .
he allegedly had to take daily medications for these illnesses , which included prescriptions for valium and thorazine .
the physician puts the card into a reader and the patient ’s medical history and prescriptions come up on a computer screen .
the catholic encyclopedia : judaizers notes : " paul , on the other hand , not only did not object to the observance of the mosaic law , as long as it did not interfere with the liberty of the gentiles , but he conformed to its prescriptions when occasion required .
the catholic encyclopedia : judaizers notes : " paul , on the other hand , not only did not object to the observance of the mosaic law , as long as it did not interfere with the liberty of the gentiles , but he conformed to its prescriptions when occasion required .
they also attend clinical meetings and write prescriptions which at this stage must be countersigned by a supervising clinician .
the united states pharmacopeia and fda recommend that practitioners refrain from using dto in prescriptions given this potential for confusion .
after marge talks him out of buying an unsuitable house , he suggests repaying her with black - market prescriptions .
confucian ideas provided the foundation for a system of strict social prescriptions .
in 1979 , the chain was one of the first to offer computerized prescriptions , and by 1989 , the entire chain 's records were linked together .
watson pharmaceuticals , incorporated ( nyse : ) is the 5th largest pharmaceutical company in the united states based on number of prescriptions dispensed .
the choice of buprenorphine versus methadone in the mentioned situation ( by the patient ) is usually due to the benefits of the less - restrictive outpatient treatment ; prescriptions for take - home doses for up to a month early versus the possibility of heavy restrictions in some states and frequent visits to the clinic and the possibility of the " stigma " of going to a methadone clinic as compared to making trips to a doctor 's office .
earlier literature included lists of prescriptions for specific ailments , exemplified by a manuscript " recipes for 52 ailments " , found in the mawangdui tomb , sealed in 168 bc .
rachel was unconvinced . and unearthed evidence that alex had been forging her prescriptions .
in academic discussions of organized religion , the term form is sometimes used to describe prescriptions or norms on religious practice .
emergency funds from the international monetary fund ( imf ) and world bank , for instance , are linked to a wide range of free - market policy prescriptions that some argue interfere in a country 's sovereignty .
the nhs provides healthcare to anyone normally resident in the uk with most services free at the point of use for the patient though there are charges associated with eye tests , dental care , prescriptions , and many aspects of personal care .
these newer technologies allowed pharmacy staff to confidently dispense hundreds of prescriptions per day and still be able manage the many functions of a busy community pharmacy .
this law also allows for new prescriptions to be called in over the phone and refill okays over phone .
yu was among the compilers of the first edition of the classified collection of medical prescriptions ( " yu bang yu chwi " , 醫方類聚 ) , together with other members of the hall of worthies .
about two - thirds of all prescriptions are dispensed as solid dosage forms , and half of these are compressed tablets .
generally , the different jamu prescriptions are not written down but handed down between the generations .
today , many of the abbreviations are still widely used and must be understood to interpret prescriptions .
several chains , including walmart , target , and several others , offer $ 4 monthly prescriptions on select generic drugs as a customer draw .
it will enable the electronic transfer of medical prescriptions from doctors ( or other prescribers ) to pharmacies and other dispensers and electronic notification to the reimbursement agency , nhs prescription services .
most studies show no difference in improvement of symptoms between those treated with antibiotics right away and those with delayed prescriptions .
outside the esperanto community , the term language planning means the prescriptions given to a natural language to standardize it ; in this regard , even " natural languages " may be artificial in some respects .
furthermore , section 829 specifies that prescriptions for schedule ii drugs can not be refilled .
legislation may also dictate what happens to the prescriptions if the pharmacy closes or is sold .
the notes : " paul , on the other hand , not only did not object to the observance of the mosaic law , as long as it did not interfere with the liberty of the gentiles , but he conformed to its prescriptions when occasion required ( ) .
policy prescriptions of the washington consensus .
medical information systems in some hospitals do away with prescriptions within the hospital .
he and stetler interrogated her regarding her taking prescriptions .
she said that she was not admitted but was given prescriptions for antipsychotics and antidepressants .
with an onboard computer , photo images of medications to ensure the pharmacist or pharmacy technician was dispensing the correct medication , and a database for storing all prescriptions that were counted on the device .
this led to further illegal activities such as diluting prescriptions to increase profits .
according to mimamsa thought , only by acting in accordance with the prescriptions of the vedas may one attain salvation .
in 2002 , hdc released their debut album , " survival guide for the end of time"- " an ill - bent mix of industrial apocalyptic hip - hop dubtronica " that " aims to topple the foundations of modern - day babylon " as well as offering " prescriptions for survival and victory in a tension - filled time . " the album was recorded and mixed in colorado and los angeles and " can safely be called a concept album " .
mediconnect is a related program that provides an electronic medication record to keep track of patient prescriptions and provide stakeholders with drug alerts to avoid errors in prescribing .
once filled , the united states postal service ( usps ) delivers the prescriptions .
doctors can issue prescriptions a few days early if appointments do not happen to line - up with the 30 day window .
it will allow health professionals to electronically access the data from patients from another country , to electronically process prescriptions in all involved countries , or to provide treatment in another eu state to a patient on a waiting list .
the " stagflation " of the 1970s led many economic commentators and politicians to embrace neoliberal policy prescriptions inspired by the laissez - faire capitalism and classical liberalism of the 19th century , particularly under the influence of friedrich hayek and milton friedman .
during a roman carnival play he wrote and acted in a masque , in which his character bustled about rome distributing satirical prescriptions for diseases of the body and more particularly of the mind .
many locations were remodeled to the chain 's " store of the ' 90s " format ; in addition , an online computer system called perrylink was implemented at all stores , allowing for customers to have their prescriptions filled at any location .
these include the questioning of traditional theoretical approaches to state - society relations and the impact on states of donor / international policy prescriptions .
sri lanka developed its own ayurvedic system based on a series of prescriptions handed down from generation to generation over a period of 3,000 years .
marking ten years of devolution in a 2009 speech , morgan highlighted free prescriptions , primary school breakfasts and free swimming as ‘ made in wales’ initiatives that had made " a real difference to people ’s everyday lives " since the national assembly came into being .
so long as there were medications and a writing system to capture directions for preparation and usage , there were prescriptions .
case managers help those who face eviction or are unable to pay for medical supplies , prescriptions , transportation or other basic needs and provide emergency funding .
the prescription approach , based on past experience , is a technical procedure which consisted of comparing the proposed design with their standardized prescriptions , so no simulation or verification tools were needed for the design and building process .
however , despite its widespread usage , pro - russian crimean activists complain about the ( mandatory ) use of ukrainian in schools , movie theaters , courts , on drug prescriptions and its use in the media and for government paperwork .
since urine tests do not distinguish between ( legal ) corticoid applied as creams , with a prescription , and ( illegal ) injections , such prescriptions are used to mask doping .
the introduction of a warning regarding the association between ssris and suicide by the fda in 2004 led to a dramatic decrease in prescriptions of these medications to young people .
" forged prescriptions " is a 2-cd album by spacemen 3 , containing the entirety of their album the perfect prescription as well as alternate and demo versions of the same songs , and some previously unreleased tracks .
a total of 736 prescriptions were analysed and it was found that an average of four drugs were either prescribed or dispensed for each consultation .
in order to confer medical authority upon themselves , doctors of the day often published their theories , clinical findings , and pharmacopoeia ( collections of " receipts " or prescriptions ) .
he ignores the basic financial reality of life in middlemarch , does not dispense prescriptions , and alienates patients by not filling what they believe to be his proper role as a doctor .
these rules are usually divided into three classes : rules of direction or expedition , concerning the expedition of bulls ; beneficial or reservatory rules , relating to benefices and reservations ; lastly , judicial rules , concerning certain prescriptions to be observed in judicial matters , especially with relation to appeals .
for example , an english speaker may adhere more closely to prescribed grammar , pronounce words ending in -ing with a velar nasal instead of an alveolar nasal ( e.g. " walking " , not " walkin ' " ) , choose more formal words ( e.g. " train " vs. " choo - choo , " " sodium chloride " vs. " salt , " " child " vs. " kid , " etc . ) , and refrain from using the word " ai n't " when speaking in a formal setting , but the same person could violate all of these prescriptions in an informal setting .
hakeem afaq is a very well known ayurvedic practitioner ; son of late hakeem ghulaam yahya who had devoted all his life in the search and preparation of outstanding prescriptions and duty to the people of burhan .
many other countries do not require prescriptions .
in the pre - exilic period , however , pesaḥ was rarely sacrificed in accordance with the legal prescriptions ( comp .
patient group directions ( pgds ) are documents ( in the english national health service ) permitting the supply of prescription - only medicines ( poms ) to groups of patients , without individual prescriptions .
some residents sought to make a case for securing welsh benefits such as free hospital parking and prescriptions .
as of 2000 , the annual workload was near 50 million prescriptions .
as dictated by the prescriptions " ubi periculum " and " ne romani " , the conclave should have begun on august 4 , ten days after the death of innocent viii ; however , the conclave was delayed to await the slow arrival of the aged gherardo , bearing a letter from venice 's council of ten urging his acceptance into the college .
a general treaty was to become the basis of the relations of the states forming " the european confederation " ; and this , though " it was no question of realising the dream of universal peace , would attain some of its results if , at the conclusion of the general war , it were possible to establish on clear principles the prescriptions of the rights of nations . "
prescriptions must be written on authority prescription form , and the approval number must be noted on the prescription .
hydrocortisone creams and ointments are available without prescription in strengths ranging from 0.05% to 2.5% , depending on local regulations , with stronger forms available with prescriptions only .
while some of the substances were illicit ( e.g. cannabis ) , most of them had apparently been obtained through legitimate prescriptions for treatment of various illnesses from which vedas was said to have suffered .
many sumerian ( late 6th millennium bc - early 2nd millennium bc ) cuneiform clay tablets record prescriptions for medicine .
processing and filling prescriptions took two days ; three more days were required for mail delivery .
the chancellor of the exchequer , hugh gaitskell introduced prescription charges for nhs prescriptions , causing bevan , along with harold wilson ( president of the board of trade ) to resign over the dilution of the principle of free treatment .
most eyeglass prescriptions will contain values here .
such prescriptions may not be filled or refilled more than six months after the date thereof or be refilled more than five times after the date of the prescription unless renewed by the practitioner .
let bishops as well as priests observe the prescriptions of the council of trent concerning their households .
medicare advantage plans were compared based on out - of - pocket costs for beneficiaries based on health status categories and corresponding utilization of the most common plan benefits such as physician office visits , emergency or urgent care , hospital care , prevention care and prescriptions .
under planned reforms , china 's retail pharmacies will begin selling a much higher volume of prescription drugs , and hospital pharmacies will eventually be restricted to dispensing prescriptions for inpatient use .
prescriptions accounted for nearly seven percent of pathmark 's sales volume in 1994 .
other notable benchmarks include : more than 2,100 safe helicopter evolutions ; 7,000 prescriptions filled ; 17,000 laboratory tests completed ; 1,600 eyeglasses made ; 800,000 meals served and 1,340 radiographic studies , including 141 ct scans .
angle responded on his official website : " i did not improperly receive prescriptions .
both of the books ' historical premises and practical prescriptions have been challenged .
thus the negative prescriptions of the prohibition have positive counterparts the idea of the alliance theory is thus of a reciprocal or a generalized exchange which founds affinity .
in 1959 hobson represented suspected serial - killer dr john bodkin adams in his failed attempt to be reinstated as a doctor , having been struck off in 1957 for forging prescriptions and making false claims on cremation forms .
the store specializes in compounding prescriptions .
it would be a mistake , however , to suppose that sydenham wrote no long prescriptions , after the fashion of the time , or was entirely free from theoretical bias .
among other criticisms of the project , the disease management companies claimed that medicare " signed up patients who were much sicker than they had expected , " failed to transmit information on patients ' prescriptions and laboratory results to them in a timely fashion , and disallowed the companies from selecting patients most likely to benefit from disease management .
in this view , arguments about whether gun restrictions reduce or increase violent crime are irrelevant : " i am not here engaged in ... recommending ... policy prescriptions on the basis of the promised or probable results [ on crime] ...
but if the case ended fatally , then the relatives could if they so choose , show the chief physician of the city a copy of all prescriptions and medicaments which he ordered for the sick person .
when the serial began , alan bunce portrayed small town physician dr. jerry malone , who dispensed prescriptions and advice to the folks of three oaks .
physicians use computers to make prescriptions .
the kl20 was seen as an economical way to verify 100% of all prescriptions that are dispensed by the pharmacy staff .
pharmacists can have a difficult time reading handwritten prescriptions and may have little or no information about the patient ’s condition for which the prescription is written .
in j. sadler ( ed . ) , descriptions and prescriptions : values , mental disorders , and the dsms ( pp . 25 - 41 ) .
processing and filling prescriptions took two days ; three more days were required for mail delivery .
however , these prescriptions are not strictly followed , especially since modern concerts are generally held in the evening .
in response to economists who point out that the japanese economy recovered despite not pursuing his policy prescriptions , krugman maintains that it was an export - led boom that pulled japan out of its economic slump in the late-90s , rather than reforms of the financial system .
the mahabharata says that the ashvamedha as performed by yudhishtira adhered to the letter of the vedic prescriptions .
diversion of oxycontin in the u.s. may occur through " fraudulent prescriptions , doctor shopping , over - prescribing , and pharmacy theft . "
quantization rules in earlier qft frameworks resembled " prescriptions " or " heuristics " more than proofs , especially in non - abelian qft , where the use of " ghost fields " with superficially bizarre properties is almost unavoidable for technical reasons related to renormalization and anomaly cancellation .
that orthography , strictly based on karadžić - daničić 's orthographic conception , but formed chiefly upon the orthographic role model of the croatian philologist marcel kušar , founded croatian orthographic standard , with most of the later croatian orthographic manuals in most of the prescriptions being but mere stylisations of broz 's ground - breaking work .
in addition to numerous writings and interventions since the 1980 's , " l'organisation politique " has stressed the importance of developing political prescriptions concerning undocumented migrants ( in france referred to as " les sans papiers " ) and stresses that they must be conceived primarily as workers and not immigrants .
it is derived from the plant " artemisia annua " , with the first documentation as a successful therapeutic agent in the treatment of malaria is in 340 ad by ge hong in his book " zhou hou bei ji fang " ( " a handbook of prescriptions for emergencies " ) .
however he claims that his critique is aimed at the core neoclassical ideas that are taught in universities at undergraduate and postgraduate level and which are often used as the basis for policy prescriptions .
in the united states the legal rights of trustees vary slightly in different states , but the following prescriptions ( selected from scanlan , " the law of church and grave " ) hold almost everywhere : when the statute provides that two lay members of the corporation shall be appointed annually by the committee of the congregation , the members of the congregation have no right to elect said two members , and those appointed in the proper manner are lawful officers .
prescriptions regarding gender roles .
during the early - to - mid 1900s leaders in business , politics and the arts frequented the caswell - massey stores to fill their prescriptions and purchase personal care supplies .
the addiction progressed to where she was taking upwards of twenty pills a day , and she resorted to having an avmt physician write illegal prescriptions in the names of three avmt employees without their knowledge .
a common solution is to model these terms by simple ad - hoc prescriptions .
paper prescriptions are scanned so that the image can be retained electronically ( a program called walgreens vision ) .
however , the apparent meaning of this correlation is called into question by the fact that prescriptions of prempro and premarin fell dramatically in canada as well , but no similarly dramatic drop in canada 's breast cancer rates was observed during the same time period .
this doctrine most often apply to pharmaceuticals that can only be given with prescriptions .
including people in these categories , more than 39 million americans are covered for prescriptions .
the sentence , with certain exceptions in capital cases , is within the sole discretion of the judge , subject to the statutory prescriptions as to the kind and maximum of punishment .
j.j. was at a loss until his colleague ( an ex-"ghost pirate " captain ) soothed the paranoid , ranting man with the prospect of falsified prescriptions ( in a deleted scene for the episode , venture expresses his disdain and remorse for this action , on ethical grounds ) .
prescribers will often use blank prescriptions as general letterhead .
the calculation is based on the patient 's glasses and contact lens prescriptions .
chief justice burger concurred on largely practical grounds , citing the fact that since 95% of the prescriptions being filled required prepackaged medications , prepared by their manufacturers to be sold immediately .
in " lilly v. commissioner " , opticians claimed deductions for payments made to doctors in consideration of prescriptions for eyeglasses sold by the optician taxpayers in question .
in pursuit of these matters , herbal prescriptions with many herbal substances , preserved in ghee and honey are given .
prescriptions are handwritten on preprinted prescription forms that are assembled into pads , or alternatively printed onto similar forms using a computer printer .
for example , some hmos in the us use a ‘ central fill’ approach where all prescriptions are packaged and shipped from a central location instead of at a community pharmacy .
boston prescriptions .
he was also among the pioneers of the concept of prescriptions , and helped form what became the common practice of giving addictive or dangerous medicines only to people who had first seen a physician .
its antimalarial application was first described in zhouhou beji fang ( " the handbook of prescriptions for emergencies " ) , edited in the middle of the fourth century by ge hong .
his aim was , he said , to complete the work of ansegisus , and bring it up to date by continuing it from 827 to his own day ; but the author not only borrowed prescriptions from the capitularies ; he introduced other documents into his collection , fragments of roman laws , canons of the councils and especially spurious provisions very similar in character to those of the same date found in the false decretals .
in many instances his operations against the slavs resemble the prescriptions of the most influential byzantine military manual , the " strategikon " ascribed to maurice .
this 30-year program of research on how the work environment can influence creativity and motivation has yielded a theory of creativity and innovation ; methods for assessing creativity , motivation , and the work environment ; and a set of prescriptions for maintaining and stimulating innovation .
brazil is offering generic aids prescriptions that are much less expensive than the name brand drugs .
a common method is the forging of doctor prescriptions to gain access to prescription medications .
concerning culture , it is the powerful who communicate the values , prescriptions , and understanding that give meaning to emotional experiences .
over 2/3 of prescriptions were for the newer more expensive atypicals , each costing on average $ 164 compared to $ 40 for the older types .
in 2008 , 105.8 million of the 586 million prescriptions medco filled were processed through its mail - order pharmacies .
among the arabs the sacred trees are haunted by angels or by jinn ; sacrifices are made , and the sick who sleep beneath them receive prescriptions in their dreams .
the rules for railway operation are laid out in les " prescriptions de circulation des trains " , of which the latest version was isued in june 2009 and are based on article 11 of the decree of 23 novembre 1983 on railways .
liturgy is more than the sum of liturgical actions and prescriptions .
nearly half ( 42% ) of these prescriptions were for conditions not approved by the fda , such as acute bronchitis , otitis media , and acute upper respiratory tract infection , according to a study that was supported in part by the agency for healthcare research and quality .
kadamba family in accordance with the vedic prescriptions was undergoing the upanayan sankar
papyrus v contains numerous prescriptions dealing with the relaxation of limbs , written in hieroglyphic script , rather than hieratic script as other medical papyri were .
the study does not aim to provide policy prescriptions , but rather deliver a comprehensive agenda of issues that could require attention .
a 1993 british study found temazepam to have the highest number of deaths per million prescriptions among medications commonly prescribed in the 1980s ( 11.9 , versus 5.9 for benzodiazepines overall , taken with or without alcohol ) .
a percentage of all prescriptions sent to nhs prescription services are checked and any errors in pricing are corrected .
in canada all drugs given in hospitals fall under medicare , but other prescriptions do not .
there are a range of methodological prescriptions involved in conducts a netnography .
with the drugs as their only firm lead at that stage , police began sifting through prescriptions for those drugs .
after noticing the empty pill bottles on the floor , the captain explains that jonas jr. is a doctor that can write any prescriptions quest wants .
the detailed documents that survive record the lives of the children , the way in which the hospital operated the methods of nursing , the prescriptions of apothecaries , the reports of inspectors and the extraordinary accounts of women 's lives .
the justification is that the misuse of drugs is a grave social evil and pharmacists should be encouraged to take even unreasonable care to verify prescriptions before supplying drugs .
because the different approaches to designating esus each have their benefits , and the need and form of management prescriptions may vary across contexts , some support an " adaptive " approach to identification of esus , for instance suggesting consideration of facets from numerous designation methods .
in treatment he advised the use of simple prescriptions , and was not in the habit of employing many drugs .
however , there were rumors of illegal abortions and overt prescriptions of addictive remedies .
a second individual of unusual insight was niccolò machiavelli , whose prescriptions for florence 's regeneration under strong leadership have often been seen as a legitimization of political expediency and even malpractice .
david laidler views the theory as motivated by the political leanings of its major proponents , as austrian economists are known for their strong opposition to government involvement in the economy , and argues that the theory was discredited because of its association with " nihilistic policy prescriptions " for the great depression .
many of the proposals in the document , such as opposition to racism and weapons of mass destruction and support of strong human rights , are fairly uncontroversial , and its prescriptions that divorce and birth control should be legal and that technology can improve life are widely accepted today in the western world .
judge randa ordered that wisconsin must begin using licensed practical nurses or medical personnel with equivalent training to distribute and administer prescriptions .
