in time , " babestation " was given bigger time - slots , becoming a three- and then four - hour - long show ( 11pm-3am ) , increasing the number of presenters to four or five per night , and improving the technology ( the director could now put girls on ' full - screen ' , having only been able to show them on one - sixth of it before , and hand - held cameras were introduced , replacing the poorer - quality static remote - controlled ones used originally ) .
winners , presenters , and attending guests .
on thursday april 30 , 2009 at 10 am , valleys radio ceased transmitting , after many listener messages , emotional speeches and farewells from radio producers and presenters .
only two presenters are now employed full - time monday to friday at the q97.2fm studio : adrian johnson & barrie owler who broadcast a five hour show from the q97.2fm studio . pete wilson and denis mcneill
towards it final years , its presenters were katy haswell and richard bath .
presenters have come from as far away as japan and scotland while attendees hail from as far away as south america and europe .
deborah mackenzie is one of four presenters who regularly present the overnight shift on rolling news channel bbc news 24 , which is also shown on bbc one and bbc world during this time .
past presenters have included distinguished dispute resolution scholars , as well as prominent practitioners .
the presenters were challenged to make an ordinary car lap the track as fast as a mitsubishi lancer evolution x , which has a time of 1:28 .
presenters on cork 's red fm include kc and lenny ( the red rooster ) , caroline murphy ( the weekend rooster ) , dave mac ardle ( red at work ) , philip bourke ( the red zone ) , stevie g ( red drive , music overload , black on red ) , ruairi o'hagan and paul dollery ( the big red bench ) , victor barry ( cork talks back ) , damien dinan ( producer of cork talks back ) , claire o'dwyer ( the sunday show ) , greg dowling and shane johnson ( go deep )
presenters .
in 1989 , clark and elaine weissman and the california traditional music society invited presenters and business people to a retreat in malibu , california to discuss formation of a coalition of folk organizers .
the bar also has some things underneath it that the presenters often get out , but the actual back of the bar has never been seen by viewers .
so - called indo rockers such as the tielman brothers introduced their blend of rock and roll music to dutch audiences , whereas others gained fame as singers and tv presenters , such as rob de nijs and sandra reemer .
notable presenters : arthur miller , ed paschke , philip gossett
previous presenters of the national weekend " ten news " bulletin include tracy spicer and bill woods .
when doctorow won the 2007 eff pioneer award , the presenters gave him a red cape , goggles and a balloon .
along with edited segments , each show features studio interviews with noted figures and celebrities who have seemingly ended their 15 minutes of fame and gone into obscurity , leading the presenters to ask them the question , " where are they now ? " .
the programme is anchored by a variety of presenters ; regular among them are claire bolderson , lyse doucet , owen bennett - jones , robin lustig , julian marshall , max pearson and mary ann sieghart .
the new line - up involved a number of presenters and commentators .
presenters and staff .
central to all the above will be the ' reality ' element , following the progress of the three presenters as they battle terrain , the elements and the mechanical implications of doing the journey in auto - rickshaws .
original presenters at time of launch .
presenters .
" emilio bianchi " ( born in rho , on october 8 , 1957 ) is one of the first presenters of lombardian radio station radio reporter .
among those who started as reporters and presenters on " atv today " are chris tarrant who joined in 1972 initially as a news reporter
the back - up is one that is loathed by all three presenters .
fill in presenters have included ann - maree biggar , christi malthouse , corrine grant , kathryn robinson , stephen quartermain and australian idol 's ian dickson .
omnibus has featured such notable presenters as henry winkler " the fonz , " marlee matlin , cheech marin , betty friedan , james earl jones , robert f. kennedy jr. , ralph nader , joyce carol oates , deepak chopra , gail sheehy , hal holbrook , and sandra day o’connor [ 12 ] .
all presenters , with the exception of chung , have also hosted e4 music at some point .
the programme featured some of the current presenters including kevin kane and chris dinnis and lots of nostalgia , old jingles and memories from listeners .
ultima have been keen to point out that this time is faster than those set by both the ferrari fxx and the caparo t1 ; of which neither were deemed to be acceptable road cars by the top gear presenters shortly after these times were set .
the new series began at 8 pm on thursday , 10 september 2009 , with presenters nicky campbell and julia bradbury replaced by returning host anne robinson , anita rani , and matt allwright , whose show " rogue traders " is incorporated into the new programme .
in 2004 , felipe camiroaga and his ex - girlfriend bárbara rebolledo were the presenters of " pasiones " , but time after , felipe was replaced by martín cárcamo .
presenters .
current presenters include marty whelan , george hamilton , eileen dunne , deirdre purcell , éamonn lawlor and gay byrne .
ex libertines and dirty pretty things frontman carl barat has been seen wearing aertex regularly and e4 and t4 presenters jeff leach and rick edwards have also sported the brand .
this game is very different from anything else seen on a phone - in quiz show , but the presenters sometimes have trouble with the callers who find it difficult to speak in sentences ( in every other game , viewers only have to give their name and their answer ) .
in july 2004 , he was named in the radio times list of the top 40 most eccentric tv presenters of all time .
presenters include ade novit , atika suri , desi anwar and helmi johannes .
as time went on , the language affectations of the concert posters and presenters become more pronounced , and the clothing all the more quaint , the music less religious .
other presenters included brian johnston .
both presenters would present alternating weeks , with another presenter for the sports news .
king was one of the original presenters on the popular cult late night itv game show quizmania , which she also created along with chuck thomas and simone thorogood .
presenters at the 2008 convention included stefan sagmeister and erik spiekermann , among a host of others .
it was based originally on a market stall where cosmo and dibs helped various human presenters in their daily tasks .
at 9:20 a.m. , a graphic appeared on bbc news 24 reporting an explosion in the city of london , only for it to be removed and go unmentioned by the channel 's presenters for a further five minutes .
unlike the first series , series two contains dialogue between the four presenters and their guests , leaving behind both the narrated style of the first series and the anonymity given to the scientists .
former presenters .
davin - power was one of the first presenters of " morning ireland " , along with david hanly .
main previous presenters were james dagwell , and alex stanger .
however since march 2009 various sky news weather presenters can be seen .
dover - based presenters and reporters included mike field , jeff thomas , malcolm mitchell , tim brinton , simon theobalds , arnie wilson , jill cochrane , derek williamson , pat sloman , david haigh ( editor of " scene south east " ) , donald dougall and mike fuller .
its content is customised for a younger audience , and presenters and journalists tend to use more informal language on the programme .
the show has made stars of its presenters ryan seacrest , randy jackson , paula abdul and simon cowell , as well as many of its performers .
presenters .
other guest presenters up until christmas 2008 included mary mcevoy aka biddy from " glenroe " , donna and joseph mccaul , rosanna davison , bláthnaid ní chofaigh , rebecca loos , caroline morahan , anna nolan and twink .
other presenters include su harrison , chris skinner , matt mackay & alex williamson ( ' morning crew apprentice ' ) .
the presenters explored and experienced a range of holidays for adrenaline junkies and spa lovers alike , from horse riding through vineyards in tuscany to powered parachuting in seville .
presenters .
weekend today " is hosted by cameron williams and leila mckinnon along with news presenter amber higlett , sports presenters tim gilbert ( saturday ) and michael slater ( sunday ) and weather presenter felicity whelan .
in the late 20th century , presenters at the club included marie cosindas ( 1980 's ) , john sexton , ( 1994 ) and frans lanting ( 1997 ) .
two pairs of presenters would appear on the channel daily .
series 9 episode 3 was set in the united states , with the presenters purchasing american cars and driving them across four states whilst on holiday .
the current presenters are jenny powell , simon o'brien , rani price , jonny benarr and ed hall .
presenters .
a new production produced by atlanta 's theater of the stars and the independent presenters association started touring north america in february 2006 at the orange county performing arts center in costa mesa , california .
the first series followed two presenters as they visited some of europe ’s most popular activity holiday destinations and tried out some activities .
presenters include dom crofts , ed draper , kait borsay and lynsey hooper .
from the end of 2006 , peter curran stood in as presenter of " loose ends " ( with patrick kielty and clive anderson as guest presenters ) due to ned sherrin 's prolonged illness .
series presenters have included aine lawlor , bryan dobson , george lee , richard crowley , paul cunningham , john murray and cathal mac coille .
in august 2009 , he ended over two decades of work on talk back when radio ulster reshuffled presenters on its news and current affairs programmes .
presenters .
in 2004 , garden and brooke - taylor were co - presenters of channel 4 's daytime game show " beat the nation " , in which they indulged in usual game show " banter " , but took the quiz itself seriously .
former presenters on the station include carlos , paul bryant , ben foster , daryl denham , phil upton , nick piercey , sarah jane mee , hellon wheels , charlie jordan and warren moore .
she also played one of the spoof presenters in channel 4 's comedy lab 's " swizzcall " .
the first presenters were the former bbc radio 1 disc jockey pete brady , susan stranks , and tony bastable .
presenters stated several times on stage that over one million people were at the concert .
artist presenters have included the ensembles of david sánchez , miguel zenón and the late james williams .
it features a montage of clips from " blue peter " from past decades , with young superimposed over the presenters .
ceremony details : held on 14 april 1986 at melbourne sports and entertainment centre , and broadcast on 20 april , it was hosted by ian " molly " meldrum and presenters included : grace knight and bernie lynch ( eurogliders ) , rick mayall and ben elton ( the young ones ) , sting , vince sorrenti , brad robinson , zan abeyratne , richard page , iva davies , brian canham , brian mannix , tim finn , dee c lee , suzanne dowling and bob geldof .
the presenters were challenged to create their own electric car which would rival the g - wiz .
he won a competition prize , which was delivered to his home by one of the volunteer presenters .
the array ensemble performs concerts for other presenters and has toured 7 times throughout europe and canada .
substitute presenters and anchors .
she was also one of the presenters of " woman 's hour " on bbc radio 4 from 1982 to 1988 , and appeared as a television newsreader in the film " threads " ( 1984 ) .
occasional guest presenters filled in , such as richard blackwood of mtv uk & ireland fame .
regular presenters .
greene and smith made a foray into feature films in " the man who knew too little " ( 1997 ) , starring bill murray ; they played presenters of " the theatre of life " , a fictional english tv show which promised the participant a role in a crime drama .
on 7 january 2008 , hadouken ! were guest presenters on zane lowe 's bbc radio1 show .
presenters also include selected fremd students and faculty .
at the podium ceremony , at which none of the scheduled presenters were present , all ferrari team members quietly accepted their awards , and quickly exited .
the next revamp occurred on 1 september 1997 , when the station reverted to a more traditional mix of talk and music , and introduced new presenters such as chris ashley , giles dilnot , bill buckley and simon bates , who presented the sunday morning show .
presenters .
he still deputises for other presenters on the network .
the chorus of criticism of the programme and its presenters reached a crescendo in the national press in april 2009 following the publication of an article by former assistant presenter stefan buczacki in the " manchester evening news " in which he said the programme was boring and irrelevant to the needs of real gardeners .
also players can chat with other players and also chat with the presenters and callers in the studio .
mark lawson is one of the regular presenters of bbc radio 4 's daily arts programme , " front row " .
it is commonly misunderstood as a cognate by english speakers who think that the term means " man to man " , such as in the 2009 mtv movie awards , where presenters for best kiss , sandra bullock and ryan reynolds , referred to two gay kisses nominated as " mano a mano " .
to keep with tradition , however , the presenters are shown emptying the balls from the old velvet bag into the perspex container before the draw .
presenters .
he currently presents " sunday magazine with davis on 4 " on 4fm.<ref name="the presenters behind the music/ derek davis " >
cassidy appeared on many shows alongside his stepmother , including " a&e biography " , " tv land confidential " , and " the today show " , and he was one of the presenters of his stepmother 's " intimate portrait " on lifetime television and the defunct reality show " in search of the partridge family " , where he served as co - executive producer .
the format was a weekly show with three presenters .
current " 95.8 capital fm " presenters rich clarke and kat shoob , present the uk national itunes downloads chart , the big top 40 show , from the leicester square headquarters of global radio . "
he was featured alongside actors from television soap hollyoaks and presenters from the bbc asian network .
contrary to popular belief , the episode was not live , but recorded to allow the presenters to catch a flight to ceylon for a filming trip .
the three key presenters were adam hills , dave hughes and fifi box .
as at ukc radio this layout soon proved wildly impractical , because most presenters would sit in the self - op studio , leaving the centre and end studio unoccupied except for the daily union discussion programmes , and occasional news broadcasts .
central to the programming on the station is the daily request show , hosted by a variety of presenters including long - standing host ian betteridge .
the presenters were looked upon most favorably by the viewing audience , however , there has been a general complaint of a lack of south african hosts on many of the shows .
previous presenters and dj / hosts include dj stormz ( resident ) ominious djs , mc special and play az labz .
in pakistan , where the fm radio industry flourished during 1990s , radio jockeys and presenters started becoming popular among the youth of the country .
however the stations are not a network and are independently managed and run , with separate presenters and shows .
from 1999 to 2004 , he painted portraits of several leading actors , actresses and television presenters , including sir patrick moore and tess daly , dani behr , anna wing , james faulkner , lisa barbuscia , floella benjamin , sharon maughan , roger cook ( journalist ) , barry norman , cherie lunghi , and liza goddard .
during the daytime a playlist is used when there is nobody broadcasting live and presenters are also free to play their own choice of new and old music .
typically , the award presenters , entertainment and hosts are local theater professionals and celebrities .
all three presenters have won the award for " heat " magazine 's " weirdest celebrity crush " revealed during the news .
presenters and shows .
the original weekday presenters included colin wilsher for breakfast , bill overton with an hour 's phone - in at 10.00am , dave foster till 3.00 p.m. , and tony lloyd at drive , until 7.00 p.m. sunday programming included paul burrell and the elvis hour with willie morgan who later went on to host the ' sunday will never be the same ' in early 1991 .
a spring search for a " she - j " resulted in the addition of former " byker grove " actor sammy t. dobson joining the ensemble . " the steve show " aired for four seasons and concluded in may 2009 ; the presenters continue to contribute to a music blog called the .
presenters and performers : jane alexander , beatrice arthur , richard chamberlain , glenn close , charles " honi " coles , barbara cook , hume cronyn , bob fosse , mark hamill , helen hayes , william hurt , bill irwin , judy kuhn , swoosie kurtz , dick latessa , john lithgow , mary martin , walter matthau , andrea mcardle , mary tyler moore , bernadette peters , lynn redgrave chita rivera , george rose , jessica tandy , tommy tune , kathleen turner
presenters at the logie awards included asher keddie , rachel griffiths , rachael carpani , bindi irwin and david wenham .
from the ranks at atv , other regular presenters were established , notably sports reporter trevor east ( later director of sport at setanta sports ) and announcer peter tomlinson ( later to become managing director of " saga radio west midlands " and currently the high sheriff of the west midlands ) .
the presenters did n't miss any episodes .
" that 's life ! " was a magazine - style television series on bbc one between 26 may 1973 and 19 june 1994 , presented by esther rantzen throughout the entire run , with various changes of co - presenters .
the show developed a cult following and the presenters used a good mixture of humour and all - round sports knowledge .
on 6 march 2010 , it was announced gmtv kids presenters jamie rickers and anna williamson will be made redundant as part of cutbacks , they will leave in may 2010 .
in march 2009 , he climbed mount kilimanjaro along with radio 1 presenters chris moyles , fearne cotton and seven other celebrities for comic relief 2009 .
record - breaking quadriplegic solo sailor hilary lister was also a student here , whilst from the field of arts and entertainment there are names such as magnús magnússon , presenter of " mastermind " , the national poet of wales gwyn thomas and television weather presenters kirsty mccabe and siân lloyd .
the radio presenters and staff did not know about the shutdown of the company until 5.00pm that same day just one hour before the station shut and handed their licence .
the presenters claim not to be linux experts , but only to be trying very hard to provide listeners with a good time , entertainment , and interesting linux - related information .
itv 's other football presenters are matt smith , who presents secondary fa cup and england matches as well as anchoring itv 's uefa cup coverage and some of the fa cup highlights .
finally , the presenters are given a budget ( typically around £ 1,500 , but it has been between £ 100 and £ 10,000 depending on the type of car ) to buy a used car conforming to certain criteria .
and from 2003 for the first time , diggin'it were allowed to have the presenters discussing the weekend 's line - up on citv every friday afternoon .
regular presenters include dj spoony , who does sundays with gabriele marcotti ; and alan green , who has normally commentated on a game the same day ( mostly saturdays ) .
the on - air humour of the two presenters and the split of locations made the programme very popular and influential .
nevertheless , in a move that angered some cypriots , when the country presented its votes no map of the island was shown ( all other presenters were preceded with their country being highlighted on a map ) .
jonny 's approach to the sport is that of the passionate supporter , constantly learning from and bouncing opinions off his co - presenters - whom over the years have included todd macklin , josh chetwynd ( who has returned as the incumbent ) , david lengel ( who left for a job with mlb.com covering the new york yankees ) and mike carlson , the channel 's regular nfl analyst .
the show had several presenters including peter powell , jackie spreckley , janice long , timmy mallett , dick witts , rob rohrer and victoria studd .
in 2006 sorana belciu did not co - host the show , being replaced by two young presenters selected in the miss diaspora contest .
regular presenters : peter levy , caroline davis
one of the presenters of the show was sophie aldred , who later became famous for playing the role of ace in the television series " doctor who " ( in one segment prior to her involvement in " who " , aldred met keff mcculloch to discover how the new " doctor who " theme tune was composed ) .
the show broadcasts to the munster region on both 102 - 103 and 94.7 as can be heard on the stations advertisements and by the presenters .
the presenters of the festival are usually language enthusiasts who agree to present one or more languages that they know without receiving any pay for it .
other stories include ludicrous " kiss and tell " and similar stories by people who are portrayed as mentally disturbed , often with highly bizarre elements ; examples include allegations by a man who claimed that , on holiday touring in his caravan , he found a campsite run by elvis presley who , when plied with drink , admitted to the kennedy assassination ; another from a retired toilet attendant who described the nature of faeces from various little - known celebrities and an elderley woman who blames anti - social behaviour in her area on bored news night presenters .
during his final chat with presenters ant & dec , he explained that as a chef , he had a very open mind with trying new types of food , and that was why he disliked janice dickinson 's refusal to eat the food he had prepared .
when the presenters need to refer to the producer / director ( and other people who normally reside in the gallery of such tv shows ) they call them " people in the utility room " or the " butlers " .
the blue peter summer expedition is a yearly tradition in which the presenters of the bbc children 's tv programme blue peter go to a foreign country and experience the culture and film special reports from that country , which are broadcast over several weeks in september and october .
its initial presenters , on a rotational basis , were jimmy savile , david jacobs , alan freeman and pete murray .
" smart live casino " is a fully interactive show where players and viewers can e - mail the presenters in the studio with comments , feedback , questions and suggestions , or even add to the discussion of the topics being covered .
this meant xtra am would only continue in birmingham , and due the presenters urging coventry listeners to retune to the birmingham frequency gwr pulled the plug on xtra am in coventry earlier than provisionally agreed .
occasional presenters for the 2009/10 season include mark lawrenson , steve claridge , mark chapman , mark bright , perry groves , robbie savage , darren fletcher and current soccer a.m. presenter max rushden .
among her other career highlights was a stint as one of the presenters on the indian television talent contest / reality show , " fame gurukul " " [ performing arts academy fame ] " , which ended on 20 october 2005 , replacing r. madhavan as the anchor of " deal ya no deal " , and performing hosting duties on the musical reality show " jo jeeta wohi super star " , aired by one of india 's most popular entertainment channels , star one , as well as posing for a photo layout in the men 's magazine " maxim india magazine " ..
the presenters from midnight to daybreak were known as " the dead heads " - they played mainly grateful dead records mixed with other late night tracks .
in the 1970s and 1980s as one of the main regular presenters of bbc radio 4 's " analysis " series of analytical authored current - affairs documentaries , she developed it into a flagship programme .
it was hosted by reggie yates , better known as the host of " top of the pops " , with co - presenters camilla dallerup and nigel clarke .
when the record was released in the netherlands however , adventurous dutch vpro radio presenters helped to turn it into a hit .
the national academy of recording arts and sciences ( naras ) , the presenters of the grammy awards , released a statement stating , " walt disney records was proactive and forthcoming to our awards department and verified that the song was not written specifically for the film " hannah montana : the movie " .
bbc choice featured a show called " totp the new chart " ( 5 december 1999 - 26 march 2000 ) and on bbc two " totp+ " ( 8 october 2000 to 26 august 2001 ) which featured the totp @ play studio and presenters .
on the bbc tv series fantasy football league in 1996 , he appeared with presenters frank skinner and david baddiel on the shows famous segment " phoenix
the rest of the time idents are in the form of voice - overs which use the voice of simon ross , one of radio city 's presenters .
as with " the word " , the late night air - time meant that guests and presenters encouraged each other to be controversial .
three years later he moved to the early breakfast slot , where he remained until he was sacked in 1995 as controller matthew bannister continued his cull of older presenters .
in the absence of matt morgan during the last few weeks of the show in september - october 2008 , the following acted as guest presenters alongside brand : simon amstell ( twice ) , noel gallagher , noel fielding , alan carr , david baddiel and jonathan ross .
ideas suggested by the presenters have been incredibly diverse and have included cooking a spanish omelette , learning to dj , taking up a new sport , learning the ukulele , and ( somewhat tongue - in cheek ) the suggestion to " cross breed some lions and puffins " to make ' luffins ' .
the show used only three of the presenters .
presenters .
current presenters are listed below as of 2010
presenters .
presenters speak on topics ranging from practical advice for the classroom to new theories for explaining language learning .
presenters : alan arkin , clifton davis , bonnie franklin , celeste holm , cloris leachman , michele lee , jerry lewis , hal linden , mary martin , mike nichols , christopher plummer , vanessa redgrave , marlo thomas , leslie uggams .
the station moved its studios and presenters , along with those of kmfm maidstone , to the kmfm medway studios in 2008 , following ofcom approval .
much of the station 's output was widely considered dull and unchallenging , and the average age of both listeners and presenters had risen above thirty , an embarrassment for what was supposed to be a station for young people .
in may 2008 , after series producer andy wilman held a brainstorming session with the presenters and other production staff , various facts about the upcoming series were released .
the bbc approached sarah about work but stv central offered sarah one of the main presenters jobs to front the news programme , " scotland today " .
in addition , dogs that lived with the presenters often accompanied them on filming assignments .
alltv 's most notable characteristic is the interaction between its viewers and its presenters , accomplished by means of a chatroom .
she later joined sky sports as a runner before beoming one of the presenters on the sky sports news channel .
keys was one of the presenters for the sports channel on british satellite broadcasting ( bsb ) in spring 1990 .
presenters : alan alda , alec baldwin , carol channing , kirk douglas , michael douglas , richard dreyfuss , daisy eagan , farrah fawcett , vincent gardenia , danny gerald , danny glover , gene hackman , judd hirsch , patti lupone , liza minnelli , sir ian mckellen , tony randall , lynn redgrave , freddie roman , ron silver , sigourney weaver .
his first full time presenters role was with marcher sound in wrexham , north wales .
episode 3 , screened on june 27 , 2004 , again featured attenborough , plus a number of more recent , younger wildlife presenters , including saba douglas - hamilton , steve leonard and charlotte uhlenbroek .
since 1999 a magazine format has been used with live presenters , pop music , special reports , cartoons and viewers contacting the show .
notable presenters : edward albee , jane urquhart , stephen ambrose
justin theroux is the nephew of the travel writer and novelist paul theroux , and the cousin of writers and tv presenters louis theroux and marcel theroux .
the show moved from itv to channel 4 when the latter launched in 1982 , but was dropped in 1989 , to be taken up by bbc2 , where it was broadcast on saturday afternoons , now with a running time of 10 minutes , with the presenters now placed in a virtual studio .
networked presenters .
the line up featured a variety of presenters including david hamilton , don durbridge , david allan , jenny hanley and tony myatt .
comedians paul o'grady and julian clary are local residents , as well as shooting stars presenters ' vic and bob ' who live in the surrounding area .
the programme , which is co - presented by various presenters , consists of a mixture of live interviews and pre - recorded location reports .
the main presenters are rico hizon ( tue - fri ) and sharanjit leyl ( mon ) .
the conference is self - described as " a scholarly conference , " in virtue of the claimed quality of the presentations and discussions rather than the professional identity of the participants , and being active in academia is not a requirement for participation , though notable radical academics are presenters .
although all four women are classed as presenters in the credits , one acts as the main anchor , linking to breaks and competitions and addressing the television audience .
presenters .
they were now built into a massive rotating prop which was built underneath the clock ( shown one week ) and ' controlled ' by one the presenters pulling a lever back and forwards .
krishnan guru - murthy and alex thomson are the main presenters when snow is absent .
this is a direct contrast to the bbcs chr station radio 1 , where the presenters stop and have longer ' personality ' links , as opposed to the speedlinks of the hit music network .
malcolm douglas ( documentary maker ) was one of the first presenters to show how to ' live off the land ' in the australian outback .
these programs include presentations by the nwc , which consists of qualified and experienced speakers and presenters who are experts in their fields , and include prominent whistleblowers .
over the years the colloquium 's presenters have included leaders in the field , such as david c. driskell , ann gibson , leslie king hammond , samella lewis , lowery stokes sims , deborah willis and judith wilson .
he is also one of the voice - only presenters of the uk version of " transworld sport " on channel 4 , which he has presented , alongside former itn newsreader sue carpenter .
presenters including frank bough , selina scott and nick ross helped to wake viewers with a relaxed style of presenting .
the national academy of recording arts and sciences ( naras ) , the presenters of the grammy awards , released a statement stating that despite the " great lengths " naras takes to review nominations , " there are rare occasions where changes are required even after the screenings ; this year ’s entry of " the climb " ( written by jessi alexander and jon mabe ) has been withdrawn [ ... ] as walt disney records was forthcoming to our awards department and verified that the song was not written specifically for the film hannah montana : the movie [ ... ] the academy has complied with the label ’s request .
presenters included sebastian scott , jaswinder bancil , sankha guha , eric harwood , trevor ward , murray boland , tracey macleod and magenta devine .
initially , part of the coolness factor rested on the extent to which the presenters believed each car would impress english actress kristin scott thomas , although more recently , bbc newsreader fiona bruce has replaced scott thomas as their notional judge .
mann and gibson were both presenters at ted , and the interview takes place immediately following their presentations at the conference .
regular targets for abuse were the " daily mail " , mick hucknall of simply red , and the tv presenters rowland rivron and nicky campbell . "
the strand begins at 18:00 with a song ( " goodbye sun , hello moon " ) and concludes with a pre - recorded clip of continuity presenters alex winters & cerrie burnell singing a lullaby ( " the time has come to say goodnight " ) .
in the masque , presenters of three of the winds
as well as presenting from the studio , the main presenters are called upon to present on location when major stories break .
it is run largely by volunteers and freelance presenters .
germain was one of the early presenters of mind reading effects in his show .
past presenters include michael buerk , shaun ley and susan osman .
ctog , inc. is a member of the league of historic american theatres and north carolina presenters consortium .
weseed was selected to be one of 24 presenters at the 2008 finovate — a showcase of the best finance and banking startups .
she appeared in the february 2002 issue of fhm magazine , a british men 's magazine , in a feature on the uk 's most attractive radio presenters , making the top six .
the stations breakfast show comes like from the westend carpark with a team of experts and presenters .
michael " abs " absalom , ade adepitan , ortis deley , jez edwards , gemma hunt and puppet " vinnie " the ferret ( dave chapman ) were the show 's last presenters .
recent presenters have been steve austin ( 2004 - 5 ) , kirsten macgregor ( 2003 ) , susan mitchell ( 2002 ) , andrew carroll ( 2000 - 1 ) , cathy border ( 2000 ) , john barton , carolyn tucker ( 1999 ) , anna reynolds and rod henshaw .
the first part of participation all ready involves the chance for viewers to become guest presenters " .
there are no hosts or announcers in the traditional awards - show fashion ; instead , the muchmusic vjs are an integral part of the festivities , introducing ( and interviewing ) the awards ' presenters and winners throughout the show .
prospective presenters are usually asked to submit a short abstract of their presentation , which will be reviewed before the presentation is accepted for the meeting .
but as of 2005 , guests were getting gunged more than the presenters .
the pilot was presented by top gear presenters richard hammond and james may , with jeremy clarkson amongst the " stars " competing .
john suchet was the main newscaster for the " early evening news " , and relief presenters included carol barnes , nicholas owen and dermot murnaghan .
an audience member was then asked to pick a number which was torn off by one of the presenters to reveal one of five names .
as pointed out by presenters on the show , the new series was called " the mint extra " and not " extra mint " ( like the cancelled previous show was ) .
presenters began to play fewer big band and easy listening tunes , and more music generally associated with ' gold ' services .
instead of a formal host , there was a group of performers / presenters .
the station does not use playlists , instead allowing the presenters to make their own music selections .
presenters .
bbc weather centre staff in london provide relief when bbc ni 's weather presenters are not available .
presenters have included traditional musician , gaelic speaker and broadcaster , mary ann kennedy and gaelic broadcaster cathy crombie .
many international artists , tv presenters and journalists are invited .
people who wish to become presenters in this system , may complete a course of training orgsnised by the iipm , titled " seehealth presenter 's certificate "
presenters .
former syn presenters include australian media personalities hamish and andy , ryan shelton , the barefoot investor scott pape and zan rowe ,
in one episode of " top gear australia " , aired on sbs tv , the presenters drove a $ 200,000 tractor through toorak road .
in its early years double jay 's on - air staff were mainly recruited from either commercial radio or other abc stations but in another first the roster also featured presenters who did not come from a radio industry background , including singer - songwriters bob hudson and john j. francis and actor lex marinos .
on the " tv land awards " in march 2004 , hagman and eden were the first presenters to reunite on stage .
" webtrain " is a single conferencing product ( the same product is used by meeting hosts , presenters and participants ) for varying uses ( meetings , training , education , webinars , etc . )
previous winners of the similar contest on xfm had been 24 ( tv series ) star kiefer sutherland , actress kate winslet , and television presenters richard & judy .
the presenters are iris , the graces , a sybil , and personifications of night and sleep .
on 26 march 2006 , rochelle wiseman left the " smile " team of presenters .
presenters and reporters .
the oldies focus of the radio station reflects the average age of the presenters , volunteers and board members .
he is currently one of the presenters on desi dna and also hosts the weekend breakfast show on bbc asian network .
presenters from all five bbc radio stations featured on the albums and so far between £ 40,000 and £ 50,000 has been raised .
presenters .
throughout the sunday results show the presenters refer to ' last night ' in reference to the main show , due to the air date of the sunday programme , and tess daly 's dress is changed to present an illusion of a second live broadcast .
the vancouver recital society is one of vancouver ’s major presenters of classical and chamber music , offering a platform for fans to see both new and established , high profile talent perform in the best venues in vancouver .
these presenters include justin fletcher , sarah - jane honeywell , paul ewing , simon davies , lorna laidlaw , toni fruitin and amit sharma ( both series 4 only ) and beverley hills ( series 1 - 3 only ) .
he appeared as a foil for irish comedian dave allen in his series " dave allen at large " in 1971 , but gained greater uk public recognition as one of the presenters on the tv series " that 's life ! " and later presented and appeared in " in at the deep end " , a series in which he and former
rté 's director general said there was “ no question that by today ’s standards ” the salaries paid to its top presenters last year “ were excessive .
