the song is a snide dismissal of a " man 's man " who attempts to put up the pretense of being sensitive so that he can appeal more to the opposite sex .
a recreational world featured in ' , zanovar is controlled by house taligari . attacked and partially destroyed by padishah emperor shaddam iv 's imperial sardaukar under the pretense of enforcing a ban on the hoarding of melange .
on november 10 1994 , suleiman adam musa , a known religious fanatic had gone into the club with intent to kill , under the pretense that he was delivering post to some singers .
he applied this maxim to his administration , which would be consumed by the machinations of the parliament at large , the propensity of which was to delay or hinder the government under any pretense , including the most trivial claim of a minor deputy .
meanwhile , in texas , victor nicotero visits ogden parnum 's widow on the pretense of investigating her husband 's suicide .
the spy is caught and arrested under the pretense of being a third child , and luke discovers that almost every student in the school is a third child .
on a nostalgic trip to washington in 1902 he had a sudden heart attack and died ; henry cabot lodge eulogized him as " a good hater , who detested shams , humbugs and pretense above all else . "
stalin then moved forward with his part of the pact , ordering the red army on september 17 to cross the soviet - polish frontier under the pretense of protecting the belarusians and ukrainians in the territory of poland which soviets argued " ceased to exist " in the wake of german successes .
the pretense of the song is a dream of madhoo , who in her cousin 's wedding dreams of arjun .
so he travelled to jaujac by horse , on pretense of a pilgrimage , and stayed in a burgher 's house .
in 2001 a past owner of the halifax on music festival and one of the staff created the not - for - profit halifax pop explosion association to operate the festival for the good of the music community , abandoning any pretense that the event had long term profitability .
without great pretense , rosa opened the first “ public school for girls in italy ” .
throughout the novel vonnegut uses meta - fiction devices to blur the line between pretense and reality ; for example , the book 's dedication is to mata hari , and in the text we read that the dedication is campbell 's : " she whored in the interests of espionage , and so did i. "
he sits in the " box seat , " having switched with tenma under the pretense of having poor eyesight .
despite the federal court 's ruling , governor orval faubus deployed the arkansas national guard to the school under the pretense of maintaining civil order .
however , mr. rajput notifies neha that all these acts were done under her pretense and he is himself spotless from the entire crime .
most notably , apart from a few brief shots ( a close - up of lennon lip - synching and a shot of the group under a tree miming playing their instruments ) the " rain " clip virtually abandons any pretense of performance and has no obvious narrative structure .
as a delaying tactic , rabbi amnon requested three days to consider the offer ; immediately after , he regretted intensely giving even the pretense that he could possibly accept a foreign religion .
he then contacted the nypd and , on the pretense of being a concerned citizen , aided them in framing sersi for the murders .
barret is first introduced in " final fantasy vii " as a terrorist , leading the group " avalanche " to bomb power plants in the fictional city of midgar to avenge the losses dealt him by the city 's ruling company , shinra , under the pretense of saving the planet .
in some cases , excerpts from the actual book are used but are modified and expanded under the pretense that " dracula " is nonfiction and that seward 's entries were " edited , and in some instances , rewritten by john l. seward before he provided them for the use of mr. bram stoker , at the request of mr. and mrs. jonathan harker " .
vincent canby defended the film for " the new york times " , writing : " year of the dragon " is light years away from being a classic , but then it makes no pretense at being anything more than what it is — an elaborately produced gangster film that is n't boring for a minute , composed of excesses in behavior , language and visual effects that , eventually , exert their own hypnotic effect . "
warner made no pretense of faithfulness to his wife , ann , and kept a series of mistresses throughout the 1950s and 1960s .
the jpg - image " backcover " of the e - book mentions this as the book in which the author " paints a collection of citizens devoid of either a rounded knowledge of things or a believable religious philosophy , all in search of identity even as they wallow in pretense or west - worship and while in the process of thwarting a progressive decay .
after the second samoan civil war there was no longer any pretense whereby samoans could govern themselves and the islands were divided in 1899 by the three involved powers .
he wrote that " the same thing is offered to everybody by the standardised production of consumption goods " but this is concealed under " the manipulation of taste and the official culture 's pretense of individualism " .
environmentalist pressure is threatening the company 's pretense that it only uses unintelligent raw materials , forcing it to abduct pet shop assistant wilbur wafflemeier and test him for sentience before scouring his planet clean .
her total lack of pretense is especially winning .
martin luther wrote , " the passion of christ should not be acted out in words and pretense , but in real life . "
she happens upon the monk rustico , and he seduces her under the pretense of teaching her how to better please god .
subsequent to the formation of the nevada territory in 1861 , roop county , nevada , was formed encompassing the area of the nataqua territory , and the pretense of independence was dropped .
capable of working miracles and performing the impossible , he would bring people to the island under the pretense of fulfilling their deepest fantasy .
after some experimentation , abe and aaron decide to cut robert and phillip out of the group , keeping them away from this new project under a false pretense that the garage has to be fumigated .
in the case of " portal " , the story carefully establishes the front stage , the pretense of the enrichment center , and hints at problems in the back stage through various technical faults , and then slowly reveals more and more of the back stage to the player throughout the game .
the paper built its national reputation largely under the editorship of w. davis " buzz " merritt jr. , one of the earliest and most vocal proponents of civic journalism ( also known as public journalism ) which believes that journalists and their audiences are not merely spectators in political and social processes , and that journalists should not simply report dry facts as a pretense that their reporting represents unadulterated neutrality , which is impossible .
martin luther wrote , " the passion of christ should not be acted out in words and pretense , but in real life . "
the university of pennsylvania , with the help of the government , has been able to exert its power under the pretense of eminent domain and urban renewal .
some critics , like joseph farah , accused the coalition of leading a war under false pretense of genocide .
there is no mention of her self - deception or pretense that her husband and son are still alive .
on january 3 , 1987 , gray entered the barracks room of private mary ann lang nameth under the pretense of needing to use the bathroom .
in the early evening of may 7 , government soldiers descended upon galbassa under the pretense of searching for rebels and sexually assaulted two sisters , a 19-year - old woman and a 14-year - old girl .
one night , while derek and sharon are out reconciling their differences , lisa goes to their home and tricks the babysitter samantha ( scout taylor - compton ) into letting her in under the pretense of being one of sharon 's friends , eventually escaping with kyle while samantha is distracted .
in order to keep up the stream of presents that maintain her pretense of affection , clyde neglects the real needs of his poor family , particularly his faithful mother and sister esta , the latter having been seduced , impregnated and abandoned by a faithless lover .
later , he kills a young girl who he met under the pretense of filming pornography .
under the pretense of starting a rival timber company , nathan pierce and theodore heiss had purchased a strip of land in 1867 from andrew shanks about a mile south of the portage mill on the narrow sand isthmus between portage lake and lake michigan .
while the npr reviewer stated that the recording " is n't groundbreaking , " they praised its " coherent musical expression " and emphasis on " solid songcraft without pretense " which created a " satisfying and melodically sound album . "
robie strikes up acquaintance with them — something met with delight by jessie , a pretense of modesty with francie , and claws - baring jealousy from danielle .
she gained entrance to marat 's house on the pretense of presenting him a list of people who should be executed as enemies of france .
chu has been released from prison on the pretense that he is terminally ill , and chu and his clan continue to harass chan and his girlfriend may as chan gets reinstated to the detective unit when criminal bombers begin extorting money from businessmen .
softcore gay pornography magazines and films featuring fully nude models , some of them tumescent , quickly appeared and the pretense of being about exercise and fitness was dropped as controls on pornography were reduced .
the impact of television news reporting may also have resulted in the device losing any pretense of having a contemporary feel .
the johns formed in 2005 under the pretense of starting riots and getting people to dance .
griffenfeld is delighted that , once again , all of his practical jokes are working beautifully , but his daughters are starting to feel some remorse over their treatment of erling and tortenssen , who make a pretense of behaving haughtily towards them .
the pretense of the diaries is that they are a school project ; all students at their school must keep a journal , with the contents and method left up to them .
as anticipated , stalin and vyacheslav molotov , in a report dated november 11 , sharply criticized the work and methods of the nkvd during yezhov 's tenure as chief , thus creating the bureaucratic pretense necessary to remove him from power .
however , given the tongue - in - cheek nature of the writing , it can look unclear if it is meant to be a satire or genuine under the pretense of a joke .
guo 's associate wu yao ( 吳曜 ) thereafter made false accusations against zhang , and guo executed zhang under the pretense that zhang was encouraging soldiers to disobey orders — over gao 's objection .
moreau 's condemnation was procured only by great pressure being brought to bear by bonaparte on the judges ; and after it was pronounced the first consul treated him with a pretense of leniency , commuting a sentence of imprisonment to one of banishment .
pete williams , a wyoming native and a former hansen senate staffer recalled hansen 's " warm western smile and utter lack of pretense ... a favorite of his senate colleagues and congressional employees alike .
the new alliance rapidly grew to include not only spain and the holy roman empire , who abandoned any pretense of adhering to the league of cambrai in hopes of seizing navarre and lombardy from louis , but also henry viii of england ( who , having decided to use the occasion as an excuse to expand his holdings in northern france , concluded the treaty of westminster — a pledge of mutual aid against the french — with ferdinand in november 1511 ) .
gules , a pall or , between , in chief two retorts crossed argent , in dexter base a quill sable surmounting a key in saltire , of the third , in sinister base a hammer fesswise of the fourth debruising a compass , points downward , of the third ; over all the escutcheon of pretense , azure , charged with a castle or , masoned sable , with a bordure argent .
this pretense continues until rory , marty , lucy and logan have dinner together .
after several weeks , mirage brings mr. incredible back to the island for a briefing in the facility 's meeting room , on the pretense that she has a " new assignment " for him .
they see their most fundamental liberties endangered by a handful of fanatics under the pretense of religious laws , and decry the tendency in europe to avoid " provocations " in order to not anger supposed foreign sensitivities .
belated flag - waving can not erase this damning record , nor can the tawdry pretense of ' liberalism ' excuse it . "
she told her children not to park in cars with members of the opposite sex , under the false pretense that she never did that when she was their age .
the mon king 's refusal was used by anawrahta as a pretense to invade and conquer the mon kingdom , whose literary and religious traditions helped to mold early pagan civilization .
naive respondents really believe such pretense and behave accordingly , reporting some of their past deviance and their thoughts about the deviance of others , because of their fear if they do not answer truthfully their untrue answers will reveal their " low integrity " .
three men , found dead under mysterious circumstances , had believed they had been recruited by wilson , " under the pretense that he was still a cia executive . "
the failed attempt on hitler 's life at the wolf 's lair in east prussia on 20 july 1944 furnished another pretense on which to arrest jasper yet again on 22 august 1944 .
lieutenant norman cooper ( actual name ernest sidney tooker ) enlisted during world war i under an alias under the pretense of being a canadian citizen .
an apprentice , the agent of delamirie , surreptitiously removed the gems from the setting on the pretense of weighing it .
when pushed , morden drops any pretense of friendliness , openly threatening anyone who presents any difficulty to his associates .
odin introduces himself under a false name and pretense and asks for information from the völva relating to baldr 's dreams .
beria treacherously murders the guard and immediately passes off the sample to dr. adam treloar , a nasa scientist traveling to russia under the pretense of visiting his dead mother .
with a small crew , and under the pretense of making a commercial film on african music , he clandestinely documented the life of a black south african migrant worker in johannesburg .
however , he knows that he has been seen and so leaves , on pretense of finishing a task , and gives the key to the abbot , who then goes to see the " evidence " for himself , but the abbot then is seduced .
his screeching triggers a cave - in and his youth group , under the pretense of going to get help , flee to paraguay .
he maintains his pretense that he wants to live , and becomes horrified whenever his mind starts to grasp the truth about himself .
the youthful designs were without pretense and definitely were not flapperish .
its stories are styled only upon a deadpan context of removing of all traditional bias , stereotype and prejudice from well - known fiction , under the pretense of not warping young minds .
using the pretense of a ruptured gas line , the caller persuaded each guest to break a window and then throw the television out . " dex " and his friend repeated the same stunt on february 19 with a best western in santee , california .
desimone was lured to agro under the pretense of becoming a made man .
junior soprano 's family physician who allowed junior to use his office to conduct meetings while under the pretense of coming in for medical appointments .
opponents of the nicknamed " no tree left behind " act point out that logging companies will be allowed to unnecessarily cut large diameter trees under a false pretense , while neglecting the greater issue of ladder fuels ( such as brush and small trees ) and possibly leaving debris that would add to extremely volatile ground fuels .
this was just a pretense , so gordon would not know the truth about the black diamonds .
under the pretense of performing another repair , celia disables mac 's motor control functions .
at the time , he did persuade some pki leaders in the country that an armed rebellion was not in the party 's best interest , but pki groups in west java and west sumatra did go ahead with an armed insurrection , which the dutch government used as a pretense for vigorous suppression of the party , including the execution of several leaders .
by september 1944 , all pretense to precision was abandoned when general dwight d. eisenhower ordered the area bombing of berlin .
it simply presents " data ' as standalone information - with no pretense for how the data is to be used .
aeneas ' character had hitherto been that of an easy man of the world , with no pretense to strictness in morals or consistency in politics .
in order to produce plutonium the israelis needed a large supply of uranium ore , some of which was procured by the mossad on the pretense of buying it for an italian chemical company in milan .
as such , he was heir to a substantial family fortune . profoundly affected by his experiences as a volunteer ambulance driver in world war i , crosby abandoned all pretense of living the expected life of a privileged bostonian .
about one hundred men went out from the agency to coax the hostiles to come in under pretense that the trouble about the black hills was to be settled , " he said . " ... all the hostiles agreed that since it was late [ in the season ] and they had to shoot for " tipis " [ i.e. , hunt buffalo ] they would come in to the agency the following spring . "
chris lured him to satriale 's under the pretense of seeking an amicable solution to the problem .
and that to find ‘ the truth that shall set you free‛ you must strip yourself of all pretense , all ‘ acting‛ and become again , a little child .
regine sensed that kierkegaard 's ostensibly busy schedule was a pretense for avoiding her .
when a leading actor is stabbed to death , holmes and watson step behind the scenes into a world of pretense and deception .
the last abbot who made any pretense to catholic belief was melchior wunderer ( 1562–1578 ) .
in response to sultanov 's appointment , the general assembly of the armenians of karabagh ( armenian national council of karabagh ) , meeting in shusha on february 19 , " rejected with legitimate indignation all pretense of azerbaijan with regard to armenian karabagh , which said assembly has declared an integral part of armenia " .
motivated to further the pretense burnett recalled fondly that she " fooled the other boarders in the rooming house where we lived by frantically switching clothes and dashing in and out of the house by the fire escape and the front door .
common examples are : " a variety of different items " , " an added bonus " , " to over - exaggerate " , " and etc . " , " end result " , " free gift " , " future plans " , " unconfirmed rumor " , " to kill , murder , or electrocute someone to death " , " past history " , " safe haven " , " potential hazard " , " completely surrounded " , " false pretense , " and so on .
on 7 march , he was taken aboard a train on the pretense of being transferred to mexico city , but was then removed from the train and murdered in bachimba canyon , about 40 miles ( 65 km ) south of chihuahua , chihuahua on direct orders from huerta , who had been responsible for ordering the murders of madero and pino suárez in order to assume power .
the abolition of episcopacy meant that there was no longer a mechanism for enforcing religious uniformity in the country , and with the abolition of the act of uniformity , even the pretense of religious uniformity broke down .
however , on june 23 , babangida , using several pending lawsuits as a pretense , annulled the election , throwing nigeria into turmoil .
knowing full well that it was his fault and that his father would " kill me " for damaging his police car , pacey kept up with the pretense he was the police officer and it was his car .
he was an iconoclast with little tolerance for pretense or pomposity .
tony had silvio dante , under the pretense that he was taking her to christopher ( who adriana was told had attempted suicide ) , execute her that very day .
when the sailors arrive on the isle of love , the ocean nymphs make a pretense of running but surrender quickly .
on may 28 , 1928 , fish , then 58 years old , visited the budd family in manhattan , new york city under the pretense of hiring edward .
septimius and the egyptian general achillas met pompey at the shore in alexandria under a pretense of friendship , killed him upon the landing , and then beheaded his corpse .
for jewish prisoners there was not even the pretense of a medical examination : the arrest record was listed as a physician ’s “ diagnosis ” .
going along with the pretense of having the abortion , she proceeds to the clinic to collect $ 15,000 that has been left there for her by one of the security guards of the clinic who believes in personal freedom .
thus , although they would admit from the problem of pretense , that at no one time can we claim to have access to another 's mental state , they are not permanently unavailable to us .
by the end of the pilot , castle enters into a working relationship with beckett under the pretense of conducting research for his new series of " nikki heat " novels .
madden nfl 07 " , their song " face down " is featured in the video games " saints row 2 " and ' , and their song " false pretense " is featured in the movie "
by the early 1850s belzu had dispensed with any pretense of democratic norms and ruled despotically .
andy 's financial advice is soon sought by other guards at shawshank and nearby prisons , and andy is given a space to work on their financial matters under the pretense of maintaining the prison library alongside elderly inmate brooks hatlen ( james whitmore ) .
in october 1994 , disguised as a motorcycle racer , mcveigh was able to obtain three drums of nitromethane on the pretense that he and some fellow bikers needed the fuel for racing .
the client may meet with the woman beforehand to evaluate her level of intelligence , education , manners , speech , and ability to execute the pretense , as well as to judge her appearance .
in addition , " d.a.r.e. officers are encouraged to put a ' d.a.r.e. box ' in every classroom , into which students may drop ' drug information ' or questions under the pretense of anonymity .
betty gets tickets for her and henry from mode 's receptionist amanda , but she sees daniel there ( who is on a date with potential client sandra winthrop ) , and is forced to sit with gio to keep up the pretense of their relationship .
the cleveland directors had him expelled from the league for " embezzelment and obtaining money under false pretense " .
the story : a jazz - age screwball comedy riff on molière 's biting satire of pretense and learning .
every pretense of a politician , whether in or out of the senate chamber , that the government could by devices of financiering avoid this necessity of long physical repair , was either folly or wickedness .
since florimel is of noble birth , she is now a suitable wife for otrante — and she assures him that her wantonness was a pretense , and that her virtue is still intact .
southern pacific railroad eventually abandoned the pretense of nonexistent settlers , and sold lands in large parcels directly to developers for as much as us$ 40 per acre .
this article would focus more on the duchess consorts of schleswig and holstein , schleswig - holstein ( in pretense ) , and the many branches of the schleswig - holstein duchy created by the danish king for his relatives .
that day , ben thompson introduced john sterling into a high stakes game , on the pretense that due to his introduction , thompson would take a percentage of any winnings .
by 199 , cao cao had emperor xian in his control and was issuing orders under the pretense of imperial decrees .
by the end of the pilot , castle uses his friendship with the mayor to get partnered with beckett under the pretense of conducting research for a new series of novels starring a detective based on beckett .
similarly , the decision to dismantle the nsc did not guarantee a fair system of justice because other courts , such as the mobile military court and the regional security court , retained the power to sentence people to long prison terms and even death without any pretense of due process .
eventually , this became the primary use of the guest segment , and the pretense of having the panel guess the guest 's secret was dropped .
they speak against those who enter into marriage under false pretense .
in 1964 and 1965 dylan threw off all pretense to roots purity and embraced the rock beat and electric instruments , climaxed by the release of the song " like a rolling stone " which , at over six minutes , changed the landscape of hit radio and ushered in a period of intense experimentation on both sides of the atlantic .
it is transmitted by mechanical inoculation , contact between plants and sometimes by seed ( 6% in " trifolium pretense " ) .
her mother , bizzy forbes montgomery , is rarely referred to as " mom " while her father was frequently adulterous and used time spent with addison as a pretense .
i make no pretense to be a scientist without class affiliation .
hélène , in a pretense of compassion , offers to pay off agnès ' mother 's debts and move them into an apartment , allowing agnès to quit the nightlife .
tanner gets hayley to fly with him in a private plane to texas under the pretense of " visiting " mateo .
according to the police , brown , allegedly upset that collectible coins he had purchased a few weeks before were worthless , returned to the flea market representing himself as a police officer , handcuffed her , and drove the girl to kanawah county under the pretense of taking her in for questioning .
a roster of earlier instances of the trick , with no pretense to completeness , could include marston 's " antonio and mellida " ( c. 1600 ) , beaumont 's " the knight of the burning pestle " ( 1607 ) , shakespeare 's " pericles , prince of tyre " ( c. 1609 ) , and several plays in the canon of john fletcher and his collaborators .
to deceive the policeman , maria sends anita to doc 's drugstore on the pretense that she is fetching medicine for her headache — she asks anita to say she has been detained , explaining she would have gone herself otherwise .
no person within this state shall , upon any pretense , be deprived of the inestimable privilege of worshipping god in any manner agreeable to his own conscience , nor be compelled to attend any place of worship contrary to his own faith and judgment ; nor shall he ever be obliged to pay tithes , taxes , or any other rate , for the building or repairing any place of worship , or for the maintenance of any minister or ministry , contrary to what he believes to be right , or hath voluntarily engaged .
the fourth edition of 1606 , again from flasket , abandoned any pretense of including the jairos face lucan and once again joined marlowe 's and chapman 's poems together ; this was the format followed in subsequent 17th - century editions ( 1609 , 1613 , 1629 , 1637 and after ) .
the doctor 's wife ( ruth gordon ) wants to hold on to the pretense of gracious living and ignore the occupiers .
many people in syracuse , the richest and most powerful city of sicily , felt that the athenians were in fact coming to attack them , under the pretense of aiding segesta in a minor war .
as for the design , it was arrived at without even a pretense of consulting the polls , and by the method that has been standard for years in the designing of automobiles -- that of simply pooling the hunches of sundry company committees . "
often , she is a sexual virgin , and , because of that , her " innocent " manner is the façade of many american erotic fantasies portraying her " girl next door " image as the pretense behind which is the true , very sexually aggressive woman .
she has not lost her powers of sight , that pretense was employed to keep memnon from taking advantage of her .
herod considers himself to be king of the jews ; thus , he asks them to journey to the east and pay a visit to the newborn jesus , and report the location back to herod under the pretense that he , too , would like to worship him .
" under the pretense of being confederate guerrillas , the gang terrorized monterey county and the nearby counties for the next several months .
the pretense did not last very long , and " translator " louÿs was soon unmasked as bilitis herself .
rick gets his lady friend , lola , to get sach to sign a contract with him , using the pretense that she is asking for his autograph .
despite the girls ' strengths , their initial attempts to undo john through making people believe he has genital herpes and undermining his confidence by giving him estrogen ( under the pretense of heather insisting he needs to bulk up ) are eventually utilized by him and he remains as popular as ever .
soon , greenlee decides to dig a little deeper and summons carlos to her apartment on the pretense of fixing a pipe that has burst .
teal'c notes in season 3 's " pretense " that despite the tollans ' technological superiority , they " do not think strategically " .
leo lured bohemond to bagras under pretense of a parley , captured him , and imprisoned him in sis .
tarquin compliments becky on her scarf and she continues the pretense that it 's from her deceased aunt .
when tougher laws made it more difficult to do this , jimbo and ned continued their extensive hunting under the pretense of controlling animal overpopulation , even if the animals in question are endangered species .
color of is a legal term meaning " pretense or appearance of " some right ; in other words , ' color of ' , as in ' color of law ' , means the thing colors ( or adjusts ) the law ; however the adjustment made may either be lawful or it may merely appear to be lawful .
tariq executed many nobles still in the city on the pretense that they had assisted in oppa 's flight .
on 11 february 1972 , the dff was renamed , dropping the pretense of being an all - german service and becoming " fernsehen der ddr " - " gdr television " or ddr - fs .
they 're placed under surveillance by the army and have to keep up the pretense .
although yan hung had deceived her husband due to the pretense of desiring her stepson to receive a better education in a foreign country , while in actuality she was depriving him of his happiness and basic knowledge , her true incentives and conduct towards him are later exposed .
when the man returns , cougar abandons all pretense of working with the government and joins most of his teammates in searching out an approaching cosmic threat .
upon the suicide of emperor nero on 68 , the guard prefect gaius nymphidius sabinus attempted to have himself declared emperor , on the pretense that he was the illegitimate son of caligula .
after getting the money , he took the manager with him under pretense of getting a drink , to the getaway car , then let him go .
the 2/3 arvn reached the crest of hamburger hill around 10:00 , ahead of the 3/187th , but was incredibly ordered to withdraw from the summit , under the pretense that allied artillery was to be directed on to the top of the hill .
sunday never attended seminary and made no pretense of being a theologian or an intellectual , but he had a thorough knowledge of the bible , and he was well read on religious and social issues of his day .
there they threw off their pretense of being christians and worshiped in true jewish fashion .
they still thought of him as an important teacher and grosche would try to provide pretense that the order operated with crowley 's blessings through a series of forged letters from crowley and letters he had sent to crowley that would go unanswered .
the king failed to move against the mussolini regime 's abuses of power ( including , as early as 1924 , the assassination of giacomo matteotti and other opposition mps ) and remained silent in 1926 when mussolini dropped all pretense of democracy .
she runs up to a young man and pretends she knows him , under the pretense that the other man following her will go away .
for his part furio rang carmela on the pretense of having lost his sunglasses .
when a meeting between h.g. wells and orson welles was broadcast on radio ktsa san antonio on october 28 , 1940 , wells expressed a lack of understanding of the apparent panic and it was , perhaps , only pretense , like the american version of halloween , for fun .
by taking advantage of the target 's absence ( or arranging a pretense for it ) , the ' facelift team ' moves in for the duration to renovate as quickly as possible .
on july 30 ferdinand von hebra lured him , under the pretense of visiting one of hebra 's " new institutes " , to a viennese insane asylum located in lazarettgasse ( " landes - irren - anstalt in die lazarettgasse " ) .
back in pax tharkas , as the companions and slaves escaped , the aurak second - in - command of the fortress , dray - yan , has the dead verminaard rushed back to verminaard 's room under the pretense that he is badly wounded , orders everyone out , locks the door , and assumes the shape of verminaard .
dreyfus was ordered to appear before the minister of war on the morning of october 15 , in civil clothes , under pretense of an " inspection of the ' stage ' officers . "
as a pretense for initiating war .
but word arrives of the satanic doings at newgate ; and fitzdottrel , realizing that pug , " deville , " had been a devil after all , is so beside himself that he abandons the pretense of bewitchment and spills the beans .
but morris ' real plan was to later meet up with shelly , kill him under a pretense of self - defense , and pin all of the blame for catron 's death on shelly .
after his marriage israel ben eliezer did not remain long with his brother - in - law , who was ashamed of him ( for he kept up the pretense of being an ignorant fellow ) ; and he went to a village in the carpathians between brody and kassowa .
while the structure of both letters are similar , snicket 's letter contains a message written in the sebald code , warning him to avoid the vineyard under the pretense of an anticipated arson attack .
and for their taking usury , which was prohibited for them , and because of their consuming people 's wealth under false pretense , a painful punishment was prepared for them .
his late 1980s long - haired hard rock persona was no pretense , as byron was at that time moonlighting as a struggling musician in los angeles with hopes of a career in music .
nevertheless , in december 1936 , the ss publication " das schwarze korps " accused schmitt of being an opportunist , a hegelian state thinker and basically a catholic , and called his anti - semitism a mere pretense , citing earlier statements in which he criticized the nazis ' racial theories .
after composing a farewell letter ( to be found after he commits suicide ) , he writes to albert asking for his two pistols , under a pretense that he is going " on a journey " .
stephen stanko is charged with forgery and obtaining goods thru false pretense ,
if he learns of a roman stone somewhere in styria he will instantly travel there with comical enthusiasm , and will then lie there reading for two or three days ; with a strong pretense at scholarship , but with even stronger respect shown towards myself whom he eagerly kisses the hands , collecting fragments for my biography .
a half - company of this unit ( 137 soldiers ) participated in the defense of the winter palace during the bolshevik revolution in october 25 , 1917 , having been called to the palace square under the false pretense of a review before being sent to the front .
sal cinquemani from slant magazine felt that the album was not a huge leap forward for gaga , but provided " small , if fleeting , glimpses behind the pretense . "
" i find myself unwilling to contemplate one more rigged veterans committee whose members are handpicked to reach a particular outcome while offering a pretense of a democratic vote .
although publicly there is nothing saying that dead man was mather , that same year the bondsman company who posted his bail in dodge city were released from their obligation under the pretense that their client had died .
robin and little john follow the bait into the fox 's cabin , whereupon the fox drops his pretense and his falsetto and hangs the two up by their breeches on the wall , declaring his intention to make a stew out of them .
tony sent silvio dante to pick her up under the pretense silvio would take her to christopher .
another provocative track is " same old shit " , a song that strips away any pretense of glamour around the gangsta lifestyle and outlines the brutality , paranoia and violence at its core .
republican representative ted harvey invited jessen , whom he 'd met as a singer , to sing the " star - spangled banner " on this particular day , on the pretense of her being a cerebral palsy advocate .
in the early empire , the pretense of a republican form of government was maintained .
top 20 countdown , ” a show hosted and produced by jim studebaker and thomas beck and featuring comedy sketches and lip - synched music videos , all under the pretense of “ entertainment .
one is the chapel known as the ceppeto , which is extremely simple and lacks any artistic pretense .
initially resisting ( " tu puniscimi , o signore " / " punish me , o lord " ) , she gives way and writes the letter at the same time being warned that she must keep up the pretense of voluntarily writing the letter and being in love with wurm .
when they arrived , they were turned away by the suspicious royal guards , who suspected that the fire was started by the front palace as an excuse to enter the grand palace under false pretense .
the changelings , facing extinction themselves , abandoned all pretense of being anything but polymorphic supremacists bent on imposing their version of order on the entire galaxy .
he visits marlowe 's apartment under the pretense of getting a look at the closet where the thief disappeared .
when the police could not find any bible literature in yuriy khasanov 's apartment , they reportly planted 11 magazines and a brochure in the uzbek language , and then they arrested him on the pretense that these items belonged to him .
28 children were identified that year and the 16 who sydney saw were recruited through their parents under the false pretense of participating in a month - long achievement seminar .
they rowed out to the ship on pretense of selling goods , but were fully armed and within minutes seized the ship , killing two of the crew and injuring several others .
under the pretense of a vacation with friends ( due to disapproval by her family ) , de mel travelled to india and made her film debut in the film under the alias vinodha rasanjali .
chance was hired under pretense by the life foundation to steal a secret arms shipment .
despite their effort eventually gato was notified of what was going on and they were banned for their actions against the admin under the pretense " ( because he said so ) " .
finally , the show gives up all pretense and jolson just takes over .
aristotle had made no secret of his contempt for alexander 's pretense of divinity , and the king had executed aristotle 's grandnephew callisthenes as a traitor .
most scholars see the assad regime in syria and saddam 's regime in iraq to have only employed aflaq 's ideology as a pretense for dictatorship .
she comes to learn of the nature of the simulation from miss evangelista , one of river song 's crew consumed by the vashta nerada ; cal had saved what she could of her " data ghost " device on her suit , but that had left her disfigured but incredibly intelligent and able to see through the pretense .
the battlestar galactica survives only because its commander ( adama ) is suspicious of the cylons and had the foresight to put his ship on alert and his fighters ready to launch on the pretense of a battle stations drill .
almost three months after the curley murder on november 17 , 1975 , coonan and cummiskey called paddy dugan in under the pretense of a hit against the spillane crew , claiming they needed dugan to be the wheelman in the murder .
the governor declared that he would never hesitate to send troops " whenever it becomes necessary for the arrest and bringing to justice of all those who combine together , no matter under what pretense , to trample the law under their feet by acts of personal violence . "
but elissa preferred to stay faithful to her first husband and after creating a ceremonial funeral pyre and sacrificing many victims to his spirit in pretense that this was a final honoring of her first husband in preparation for marriage to iarbas , elissa ascended the pyre , announced that she would go to her husband as they desired , and then slew herself with her sword .
meanwhile , mrs. baylock visits katherine in the hospital under the pretense of delivering flowers and then murders katherine by an air embolism by sticking an empty syringe into her iv . "
by the time the ngo brothers realised that coup was not the fake action organised by the loyalists , tung had been called to the joint general staff headquarters at tan son nhut air base , under the pretense of a routine meeting , and was seized and executed .
his statements in this respect call to mind the statements of us supreme court chief justice harlan fiske stone who wrote " chief us prosecutor jackson is away conducting his high - grade lynching party in nuremberg , i do n't mind what he does to the nazis , but i hate to see the pretense that he is running a court and proceeding according to common law .
the jpg - image " backcover " blurb of the e - book mentions this as the book in which the author " paints a collection of citizens devoid of either a rounded knowledge of things or a believable religious philosophy , all in search of identity even as they wallow in pretense or west - worship and while in the process of thwarting a progressive decay .
the pretense to be as convincing as possible led once in a while to a point when articles had to be sent in several times until all objections were cleared up .
andrew jackson downing of nearby newburgh and other architects were criticizing greek revival 's pretense and championing instead various rustic gothic revival styles for the cottages they were building , which sought to harmonize with the surrounding natural environment instead of implying dominance as dubois 's , and other large colonial landowners , did .
later , as part of a plan of driving spider - man to murderous violence by attacking his family and friends , osborn kidnaps flash ( under the pretense of picking him up from an alcoholics anonymous meeting ) , force - feeds him whiskey and has him crash a truck into midtown high school , where peter works .
from that time on , the younger somoza took personal charge of everything , excluded the principal power groups of the liberal party , and started a gradual decline in the electoral efforts which eventually lost all pretense at being democratic at the domestic level " ” .
the british , on the other hand , ceased all pretense of respecting those treaty rights .
she and pash secretly go to the roller derby event in austin under the pretense of going to a football game .
the film opens with an almost minute - long closeup of temple , and , in doing so , " all pretense that shirley temple movies were about anything , or indeed anything more than a vehicle for her adorableness was abandoned .
it continued to be staffed exclusively by romans , and adhering to the pretense that italy was still nominally a part of the empire .
the documentation that accompanied the game fully kept up the pretense of the " little people " being real , and living inside one 's computer ( the software merely " bringing them out " ) , with the player as their caretaker .
shakespeare , similarly to petrarch , shows an eroticized love to the fair youth , a love that also fits nicely under pretense of courtly love .
all pretense of local autonomy had by then vanished .
governor charles lawrence of nova scotia used the presence of these acadian irregulars at fort beauséjour as a pretense and excuse to order the deportation of the acadian population from the colony .
in other cases , the association is mere pretense .
however , modern q&a sites usually dispose of this pretense , with the most extreme example being jerk squad ! ,
he confronts blanche with the things she has been trying to put behind her , partly out of concern that her character flaws may be damaging to the lives of those in her new home ( just as they were in auriol ) , and partly due to resentment of her airs of superiority toward him and a distaste for pretense in general .
the arc did not favor use of these trails by trucks or automobiles , declaring in 1914 that it made " no pretense of having built roads adapted for automobile travel " , nevertheless by 1922 90% of the summer traffic was with motorized vehicles .
freeman was also able to take lucas and henderson prisoner after they were sent over to the science station under the pretense of assistance . plotting to kill lucas to send a message to captain hudson , henderson , lucas , and the science team were able to escape .
the station acquired a solid listener base who were less interested in a pretense of social rebellion .
the commissariat and the seim were heavily encumbered by the pretense that the south caucasus formed an integral unit of a nonexistent russian democracy .
the producers maintain the pretense of a civil courtroom .
as poe wrote in a letter : " under the pretense of showing how dupin ... unravelled the mystery of marie 's assassination , i , in fact , enter into a very rigorous analysis of the real tragedy in new york .
they so went to lejre ( a town which roluo had built ) with arms hidden in the ships , under the pretense that they wanted to pay tribute .
however , grebanier believes that colman , as " a recipient of byron 's confidence during a crucial period of the poet 's life , and as a man who shared byron 's hatred of pretense ... must have seen an ideal subject in presenting ruthlessly , even brutally , the basic truths about byron 's moral dilemma , as a powerful means of blasting once more that sanctimoniousness which has always been fashionable in britain . " colman 's purpose was not necessarily to discuss giraud , but to respond to those who spread rumours about byron and criticized byron for his failed marriage , the reason for his exile .
it is a rejection of the humanity of black people under the pretense of loving black people .
he argued that it was based on moral " equivalences [ that have ] been revealed as the cheap rhetorical tricks they always were " , a " pretense that this ' endless loop ' of sermon excerpts being shown on ' television sets and youtube ' had been taken out of context " that had now been destroyed , and an assertion that white surprise at wright 's anger was based on ignorance , rendered inoperative by obama 's own new admission of surprise .
the only other nation to directly involve itself at that point was france , which sent a contingent of soldiers to create a safe haven for the perpetrators of the genocide , under the pretense that those genocidaires represented the legitimate government embroiled in a defending itself against a foreign insurgency .
raymond trask then hired chance under the pretense of protecting trask from an assassination attempt .
the feud only lasted a few weeks as el mongol soon departed under the pretense that crawford had sold el mongol 's contract to a peruvian company .
in act iii , hamlet drops the pretense of friendship , coldly dismissing the two in scene 2 by his only use of the royal " we " in the play .
he makes great progress , but they conceal it from the rest of the household with the pretense that he is still an invalid .
the marvels , possessing the wisdom of solomon , saw right through dudley 's mechanations , but since he was , in their opinion , such a " lovable old fraud " , they allowed dudley to join the team as their manager , uncle marvel , and humored his pretense of having marvel powers .
