the coronation gave permanent legitimacy to carolingian primacy among the franks .
primacy is the " urrecht " of a culturally and racially defined people to a geographical terrain , a " heartland " ( a vivid expression ) or homeland .
the party promoted states ' rights and the primacy of the yeoman farmer over bankers , industrialists , merchants , and other monied interests .
man could behave like god opposite deterministic nature ( and in this sense anthropology displaces theology from the summit of theoretical interests ) , i.e. man could , due to knowledge of nature ’s laws , manipulate nature as a technician inspired by the primacy of active life .
patroclus of arles ( d. 426 ) had received from pope zosimus the recognition of a subordinate primacy over the gallican church which was strongly asserted by his successor hilary of arles .
he rejected the doctrine of the priesthood of believers , he defended the hierarchical order of the middle ages and the primacy of the pope , though on these very points his differences with the representatives of the papal system were apparent .
this ruling confirmed that eu law has primacy over member - state law .
the declaration of ravenna in 2007 re - asserted these beliefs , and re - stated the notion that the bishop of rome is indeed the " protos " , although future discussions are to be held on the concrete ecclesiological exercise of papal primacy .
placed in historical context , the invention of the first room - temperature diode laser in the soviet union occurred during a climate of intense cold war competition and secrecy , albeit with sporadic scientific contacts at international conferences and during specially arranged international visits , and the question of primacy of invention has been debated over many years .
many outlets also boast a goodlife fitness club , drive - through pharmacies , gas bars , photo studios , community rooms , as well as walk - in medical clinics managed by primacy medical .
this conception of national identity was augmented by his belief in the primacy of turkishness , as a unifying virtue .
more practical matters , such as the acquisition of new provinces acknowledging the primacy of the papacy , and a desire to influence the emerging power of the kentish kingdom under æthelberht , were probably involved .
at the same time , however , the new bolivian government quickly asserted its primacy over the church .
by mid-1960 , glennan had secured for nasa primacy in the u.s. federal government for the execution of all space activities except reconnaissance satellites , ballistic missiles , and a few other space - related projects , most of which were still in the study stage , that the dod controlled .
in this way , paleocons are generally regarded as taking the " long view " toward american conservatism , willing to suffer temporary setbacks while never taking their aim off the goal of establishing the primacy of conservative thought into american politics .
throughout much of the middle ages , cavalry , particularly the knights , were dominant on the battlefield , but towards the end of the era the infantry forces achieved primacy .
further expansion led to the establishment of the yoruba in what are now southwest nigeria , benin , and togo , with yoruba city - states acknowledging the spiritual heritage primacy of the ancient city of ile ife .
police primacy .
the realm of essence , in santayana 's view , has a type of primacy over the other realms .
in 1127 , the dispute over the primacy was settled mainly in york 's favour , for they did not have to submit to canterbury .
bede does not list him as one of the rulers who exercised " imperium " , but modern historians consider that the rise to primacy of the kingdom of mercia began in his reign .
he was elected to the primacy of the maronite church by the council of maronite bishops , on april 27 , 1986 .
while canterbury in the anglo - saxon era had been more prestigious than york , it had never in fact had a judicial primacy .
an early decree of this council , " haec sancta " , challenged the primacy of the pope , saying that councils represent the church , are imbued with their power directly by christ , and are binding even for the pope in matters of faith .
a significant intellectual shift in islamic philosophy is perhaps demonstrated by al - ghazali 's late 11th century polemic work " the incoherence of the philosophers " , which lambasted metaphysical philosophy in favor of the primacy of scripture , and was later criticized in " the incoherence of the incoherence " by averroes .
in the same document he sought to define his relationship to the secretary of war and establish his primacy over the bureau chiefs , including his successor as chief of engineers .
in the second stage giddens developed the theory of structuration , an analysis of agency and structure , in which primacy is granted to neither .
it has been held by several writers that it is marx 's conception of human nature which explains the ' primacy thesis ' ( cohen , 1978 ) concerning the expansion of the productive forces , which according to marx , is itself the fundamental driving force of history .
wealth had become just as important as heredity in determining social status , which had allowed several rivals to william 's primacy to emerge .
two basic problems — the nature of the primacy of the bishop of rome and the theological implications of adding a clause to the nicene creed , known as the " filioque " clause — were involved .
our philosophy asserts that every human being is created in the image of the lord and the primacy of integrity and honesty in all dealings without exception .
he documents the primacy of w.g. grace in the development of modern cricket , and the values embraced by cricket in the development of the cultures of the british empire .
he firmly established the primacy of canterbury , which exists to this day .
although progress has been made , concerns over papal primacy and the independence of the smaller orthodox churches has blocked a final resolution of the schism .
he was raised in the cathedral chapter at york , and the clergy of york trusted him , and he proved himself devoted to york 's cause against the primacy of canterbury .
attempting to create an atmosphere similar to his former employers , duke , snyder mandated that all students be moved to one end of the court , where bleachers would replace the old seats and primacy would be given to his new " zou crew " club , with all other seating areas becoming general admission .
in particular , large numbers of coptic - speaking ( egypt ) and persian - speaking muslims threatened the primacy of the very language that islam is based on .
while it is true that the relugas plotters , especially haldane , had reservations about the suitability of campbell - bannerman as the right man to lead the liberal party in a programme of social , welfare and administrative reforms , there remains a doubt whether the relugas compact was really about the primacy of policy or whether it was more about the personal ambitions of the players .
after australia won the ashes for the first time in 1881–82 england had to fight with them for primacy and one of the fiercest rivalries in sport dominated the cricket world for seventy years .
in his 1969 book " krieg der illusionen " , fischer offered a detailed study of german politics from 1911 to 1914 , in which he offered a " primat der innenpolitik " ( primacy of domestic politics ) analysis of german foreign policy .
his ideas of the primacy of the empire in europe were in direct contradiction with the growing trend toward the theory of the nation state .
honoured with such prerogatives , the church of le puy assumed a sort of primacy in respect to most of the churches of france , and even of christendom .
leo ix assured the patriarch that the donation was completely genuine , not a fable or old wives tale , so only the apostolic successor to peter possessed that primacy and was the rightful head of all the church .
two basic problems — the nature of the primacy of the bishop of rome and the theological implications of adding a clause to the nicene creed , known as the " filioque " clause — were involved .
in the area of urban systems and primacy two tendencies were revealed in the data .
the two main concepts in the serial position curve are the recency and primacy effects .
" japanization " measures were reversed , at the request of satsuma , and shō nei was once more formally granted primacy over his kingdom .
poonja felt compelled to return to sri ramanasramam and ask ramana if he had indeed appeared before him and conveyed the primacy of krishna bhakti .
the declaration of ravenna in 2007 re - asserted these beliefs , and re - stated the notion that the bishop of rome is indeed the " protos " , although future discussions are to be held on the concrete ecclesiological exercise of papal primacy .
the third stanza ( “ it is we who plowed the prairies ” ) asserts the primacy of the role of workers in creating values .
paul collins argues that " ( the doctrine of papal primacy as formulated by the first vatican council ) has led to the exercise of untrammelled papal power and has become a major stumbling block in ecumenical relationships with the orthodox ( who consider the definition to be heresy ) and protestants . "
while seven of the eight books into which the work was divided were generally conservative in tone — they owed much to the " decretum " of burchard of worms — the first book , which was devoted to the primacy and special rights of the see of rome , was strongly papalist .
later on , the rehabilitation of the senses was expressed by e.g. marx , nietzsche , freud , dilthey , american pragmatism and bergson as a primacy of volition and action over thought and theory , and in different ways , such thinkers showed that philosophy and intellectual creation more generally have roots in deeper strata than what was previously thought whilst raising the issue of the ontology of such strata .
although there have been differences in australian judicial opinion as to the role of the court in giving effect to a contract , in general the courts give primacy to the need to uphold agreements , particularly executed agreements and commercial arrangements .
while krieger was waging war in print against the theoretical challenge to the primacy of literature , he was also actively working to make sure a wider range of students and scholars could learn first - hand from combatants on both sides of that debate .
the greek language question , from the 1890s on , was a heated dispute on which language form was to be the official language of the state : unlike typical diglossic situations , the primacy of the h variant was disputed , and the choice of variant became politicized , with dimotiki associated with the left wing and katharevousa with the right ; morphological choices could even end up used as political shibboleths .
he believes that nato is the cornerstone of the united kingdom and europe ’s defence and that nato must have primacy over the european union including the right of first refusal for all matters relating to the defence of continental europe .
his view of canterbury 's primacy is demonstrated in his charter of c. 3 september 1101 , in which he called himself " archbishop of canterbury and primate of great britain and ireland and vicar of the high pontiff paschal " .
the council of chalcedon in 451 established constantinople as a patriarchate with ecclesiastical jurisdiction over asia minor ( the dioceses of asiane and pontus ) and thrace as well as over the barbaric territories , non - converted lands outside the defined area of the western patriarchate ( old rome ) and the other three patriarchates , alexandria , antioch and jerusalem , gave it appellate jurisdiction extraterritorially over canon law decisions by the other patriarchs and granted it honours equal to those belonging to the first christian see , rome , in terms of primacy , rome retaining however its seniority ( canon xxviii ) .
whereas husserl conceived humans as having been constituted by states of consciousness , heidegger countered that consciousness is peripheral to the primacy of one ’s existence ( i.e. , the mode of being of dasein ) which can not be reduced to one ’s consciousness of it .
under the primacy of brian davis , polynesia became a fully fledged diocese and a review of church structures was begun .
together with andrew levine , wright argued that in attributing primacy to the productive forces ( the development thesis ) , cohen overlooked the role played by class actors in the transition between modes of production .
there is considerable debate about who arrived first and gray later challenged the primacy of bell 's patent .
this primacy is thus crucial to the understanding of the church from a catholic viewpoint .
greek primacy is the view that the christian new testament and/or its sources were originally written in koine greek .
" every authority on counterinsurgency emphasizes the need for unity of command in the threatened area and emphasizes the primacy of political planning over military .
york had never had a primacy , and based its arguments on the general principle that primacies were erroneous .
yves congar referred to " prima scriptura " as the " normative primacy of scripture " as he described the work of augustine of hippo and thomas aquinas .
others argue that these documents refer only to a primacy of honor .
dracula slew grigori 's wife louisa after he refused to acknowledge dracula 's primacy upon his return to transylvania .
gregory 's response was to insist upon the primacy of st peter 's successor , the papacy being superior to the emperor .
in 1888 at the georgia convention , claims were examined as to primacy of first african baptist of savannah and the first bryan baptist church .
though normally dated to 1054 , the east - west schism was actually the result of an extended period of estrangement between latin and greek christendom over the nature of papal primacy and certain doctrinal matters like the " filioque " , but intensified by cultural and linguistic differences .
this long running conflict widened with the third canon of the first council of constantinople which granted the see of constantinople primacy over the older sees of alexandria and antioch .
purcell established the school newspaper , " the candle " , its yearbook , " le petit seminaire " , the cathedral choristers ( a boys ' choir which sang at sunday masses at holy name cathedral ) , catechists ( who served at parishes ) , the beadsmen ( who gathered after school and at breaks to pray the rosary ) , and the primacy of basketball among quigley seminary 's intramural and interscholastic sports .
the doctrine of papal primacy was further developed in 1870 at the first vatican council which declared that " in the disposition of god the roman church holds the preeminence of ordinary power over all the other churches " .
the ancient discoveries were motivated by the need to preserve exact sanskrit pronunciation and expression given the primacy of language in ancient indian thought .
they still worship according to the armenian rite , but they have reunited with the catholic church ( armenian catholics ) under the primacy of the pope .
while there , william and his advisors presented documents to the papal curia which they insisted proved canterbury 's primacy .
unlike gibbon and hume , priestley did not limit himself to narrating a version of history in these " lectures " ; he also presented a method for historical research and was one of the first to argue for the primacy of original documents in the study of history .
by the close of antiquity , the doctrinal clarification and theological arguments on the primacy of rome were developed .
at the same time the primacy of all ireland , the ancient dignity of the see of armagh , was claimed by browne , and transferred by royal patent to dublin .
the school is described as " the theory of the primacy of communication in the structuring of human cultures and the structuring of the human mind . "
it deals with the papal primacy and with limbo , points which were not discussed or defined at trent ; on the other hand , it is silent on the doctrine of indulgences , which is set forth in the " decretum de indulgentiis " , sess .
in avyayibhāva compounds , first member has primacy ( pūrva - pada - pradhāna ) , i.e. , the whole compound behaves like an indeclinable due to the nature of the first part which is indeclinable .
it strongly defends the primacy of the roman pontiff that was taught at the first vatican council .
among john 's noted qualities , is his regional primacy in recognizing the insufficiency and unreliability of the feudal levies , instead regularly employing large professional armies .
historically , this region has been the centre of commerce and politics , further contributing to clay frisian 's primacy .
all these normal compounds are called vyadhikarana , because the case ending should depend upon the second member because semantically second member has primacy , but actually the case ending depends upon the first member .
however , rome began to interpret her primacy in terms of sovereignty , as a god - given right involving universal jurisdiction in the church .
to discourage sidney from going ahead with the lord presidency for munster and to re - establish desmond primacy over the butlers , he planned a rebellion against the english presence in the south and against the earl of ormonde .
the eastern catholic churches consider themselves to have reconciled the east and west schism by keeping their prayers and rituals similar to those of eastern orthodoxy , while also accepting the primacy of the bishop of rome .
the doctrine of primacy was beginning to take shape with innocent 's papacy .
despite this minority position , what ringed more clearly in the ears of most bolivians was arce 's steadfast call for the establishment of a conservative democratic order , with the primacy of law , regular elections , and rule by enlightened pro - business elites such as himself .
this gender imbalance in occupations occurs to some degree because women are more likely than men to be newcomers in many fields ; therefore , they lack the primacy and the increased pay that comes with seniority .
as a result of the 2006 synod , moves are in place for the primacy to be shared with david moxon , bishop of new zealand , and jabez bryce , bishop of polynesia .
documenting each line of text with " all " variants in wording , from " all " known source documents , presented chronologically , helps translators of the bible establish primacy and prevalence of various line readings .
while primacy is not placed on establishing the group as a mutual aid system in quite the same way as with the mutual aid model , rose ( 2004 ) suggests the worker promote group discussion and member interaction .
in 1943 , he agreed to dissolve the christian socialist group within the liberation front and recognized the absolute primacy of the communist party of slovenia within the resistance movement .
" if anyone says that the blessed apostle peter was not established by the lord christ as the chief of all the apostles , and the visible head of the whole militant church , or , that the same received great honour but did not receive from the same our lord jesus christ directly and immediately the primacy in true and proper jurisdiction : let him be anathema .
nevertheless will and not reason is the primary aspect of the unconscious , whose melancholy career is determined by the primacy of the will and the subservience of the reason .
human sexuality or even the senses can not have the primacy for teresa or bernini which they do for us .
as well as the delegation 's missionary purpose , gregory probably hoped it would add to the areas acknowledging papal primacy .
in addition his claims of primacy , his contacts to bulgaria , and the filioque clause were condemned .
for his intransigence on behalf of eastern orthodox dogma at the council of florence and his arguments against : 1- the addition of the filioque , 2- the primacy of the pope , 3-purgatorial fire purification ; the orthodox church considers him a saint , calling him , together with st. photius the great and st. gregory palamas , a pillar of orthodoxy .
self - reflection and revision are essential work habits , and primacy is placed on multiple drafts and critique .
as a candidate in 1930 , vargas had utilized populist rhetoric to promote middle class concerns , thus opposing the primacy — but not the legitimacy — of the paulista coffee oligarchy and the landed elites , who had little interest in protecting and promoting industry .
the name " g / gpusa " is said to have reflected a compromise or a synergy between greens who emphasized the primacy of nonelectoral movement building , and those who sought to participate actively in elections .
meanwhile , the roman church claimed primacy , see papal supremacy .
it is , in short , a theology that places a high value on the traditions of the faith and the intellect of the faithful , acknowledging the primacy of the worshipping community in articulating , amending , and passing down the church 's beliefs .
james , seeing that some judges ruled by gothic law and some by roman law , according to a tradition of " usus terrae " ( local custom ) , approached the cortes in 1251 to establish the primacy of the usages .
their influence was such that during their tenure bombardment achieved primacy over pursuit in the development of doctrine for the air corps .
to this primacy , maintained all along , is due the unique distinction enjoyed by kildare of having recorded by the annalists , till comparatively recent times , the succession of its abbesses in parallel columns with that of its abbots .
sabir 's film originally bore the same title as hussain 's , but after that film 's producer , ram dayal — evidencing a very selective attitude toward the primacy of intellectual property rights — raised objections , sabir changed it to the somewhat confusing moniker that it is known by today .
scholars who support these hypotheses often use these 3 mediaeval hebrew manuscripts in discussion of aramaic primacy .
according to deleuze , none of these disciplines enjoy primacy over the others : they are different ways of organizing the metaphysical flux , " separate melodic lines in constant interplay with one another . "
issues such as the nature of jesus , the authority of apostolic succession , and papal primacy separate one denomination from another .
from the successes of rhodri the aberffraw family claimed primacy over all other welsh lords , including those of powys and of deheubarth . in " the history of gruffydd ap cynan " , written in the late 12th century , the family asserted its rights as the senior line of descendants from rhodri the great who had conquered most of wales during his lifetime .
reflecting their primacy in isa 's early days , sections retain pre - eminent governance authority , as isa ’s legislative body , the council of society delegates , is composed of section representatives ( delegates ) who hold voting power equal to the size of their membership .
the comparison extends to the business practices of both bands : the primacy of live shows over studio albums and commercial appearances , the fan - friendly taping policies and generous archival release programs , and the familial quality of the organizations themselves further align the legacies of the two bands .
claims of primacy or superiority .
gruffydd 's policy , which his sons would execute and later rulers of gwynedd adopted , was to recover gwynedd 's primacy without blatantly antagonizing the english crown .
scholars have speculated that townshend might well have been unhappy with jones 's primacy in the project , and that this may have been why he generally avoided masque writing for the court during the remainder of his career .
the doctrine of papal primacy was further developed in 1870 at the first vatican council where ultramontanism achieved victory over conciliarism with the pronouncement of papal infallibility ( the ability of the pope to define dogmas free from error ex cathedra ) and of papal supremacy , i.e. , supreme , full , immediate , and universal ordinary jurisdiction of the pope .
the first thinker to advocate for the primacy of the national interest is usually considered to be niccolò machiavelli .
however , the dialectical dispute between peter abelard and william of champeaux in the early 1100s over the methods of philosophic ontology led to a schism between the catholic orthodox of the school of notre dame in paris and the student body , leading to the establishment of free schools and the concept of an autonomous university , soon copied elsewhere in europe , and this eventually led to the reformation which dismounted the primacy of the monasteries .
the primacy of tiamat suggests that chaos and evil are the original and natural state of the universe .
principal among them is the content of papal primacy within any future unified church .
as the british empire came to an end , so to did the primacy of protestant associations , as secularism and ecumenism rose .
just by their presence cap units were able to establish rvn primacy and served as one fact that vc propaganda could not explain away .
the lcms does not believe ordination is divinely instituted or an extension of an episcopal form of apostolic succession but sees the office grounded in the word and sacrament ministry of the gospel , arguing that scripture makes no distinction between a presbyter ( priest ) and a bishop ( see treatise on the power and primacy of the pope , paragraphs 63,64 , citing st. jerome ) .
as an example of divinely instituted ordinaries , roman catholics believe that when jesus established the church he in turn established the episcopate and the primacy of simon peter and endowed the offices with power to rule the church .
for more information , see peshitta primacy .
the doctrines of papal primacy and papal supremacy are perhaps the greatest obstacles to ecumenical efforts among the various christian churches .
the age in which sailer lived was dominated by the " enlightenment " , which in its radical form disputed the fundamental dogmas of christianity , and was characterized by externalism , contempt for christian mysticism , worldliness of the clergy , degradation of the pulpit by the treatment of secular topics , relaxation of ecclesiastical discipline , denial of the primacy of papal jurisdiction , efforts of the state to gain control of the church , turbulent reforms within the church , and a one - sided training of the mind in education .
by the fifth century , christendom was divided into a pentarchy of five sees with rome accorded a primacy .
perhaps the most interesting incident in his primacy was when he drove the secular clergy from their college of canterbury hall , oxford , and filled their places with monks .
meanwhile , the ongoing political situation in the byzantine empire especially in anatolia after the disaster of the battle of manzikert forced nicholas to seek a union with pope urban ii , though he was firm in his views about the major contentious issues of the day , principally the filioque , the azymes , and papal primacy .
the eastern orthodox churches consider that the bishop of rome had a mere primacy of honor .
the division of brandenburg resulted in trade wars between the brothers , as crossen and landsberg competed with the kurmark 's frankfurt for mercantile primacy .
rand chose the name because her preferred term for a philosophy based on the primacy of existence , existentialism , had already been taken .
in a dialectic process describing the interaction and resolution between multiple paradigms or ideologies , one putative solution establishes primacy over the others .
the primacy of poems about the seasons pioneered by the " kokin wakashū " continues even today in the " haiku " tradition .
wehler by contrast argued for the " primat der innenpolitik " ( primacy of domestic politics ) approach which called for seeing foreign policy largely as a reflection of domestic politics and employing theoretically - based research into social history to examine domestic politics .
while at the core of his teaching was the concept of the primacy of jesus christ , it came from an inner understanding of the nature of love , and transcended the bounds of any religious orthodoxy .
it contested with toledo the primacy over all the iberian sees , but the popes decided in favour of the latter city .
thus the establishment of the primacy recorded in the gospels has gradually been more clearly recognised and its implications developed .
artaud has also been highly influential in shaping what has become known as physical theatre - artaud rejected the primacy of the text and suggested a theatre in which the proscenium arch is disposed of in order to have a more direct relationship with the audience .
his aim was to promote the primacy of the archdiocese of canterbury .
in the latin west a tradition arose according to which theodore had recognized papal primacy , on the basis of his letters to pope paschal , and he was formally canonized by the catholic church , an honor which no other byzantine iconophile received .
aiding this interpretation of the primacy of principles in chinese foreign policy has been the emphasis on long - term goals .
he adopted a method based upon the primacy of stories as a way of understanding human behavior in preference to the constraints of traditional psychological research paradigms .
this turning of an army loyal to its general against the state had occurred before under sulla , but the circumstances were different this time : sulla felt at least partly justified in his march on rome by the alleged and probably real corruption of the political system by marius , and by marius ' own quest for primacy as a political figure against a political backdrop that sought to prevent any person becoming too prominent .
the pisan archbishop was granted the primacy over sardinia , beside corsica .
torquemada promoted reform of religious houses and wrote extensively on behalf of papal primacy .
there , moon joined harold l. george , eugene l. eubank , haywood s. hansell and ralph a. snavely in arguing for the primacy of an independent bomber arm .
the culture that led to the founding of the republic of china and that flourished immediately afterwards was informed by two main concerns : the weakness of the government in the face of pressure by western powers , including the united kingdom , the united states , germany , france , and japan , and the seeming backwardness of the political system , which previously had held primacy over east asia .
the origins of papal primacy concept are historically obscure ; theologically , it is based on three ancient christian traditions : ( 1 ) that the apostle peter was preeminent among the apostles , ( 2 ) that peter ordained his successors as bishop of rome , and ( 3 ) that the bishops are the successors of the apostles .
the italian collections , on the other hand , insist more on the rights of the papal primacy , and in general of the spiritual power .
their attitude in regard to the latter has drawn comparisons with protochronist messages in communist romania , both claiming the superiority and primacy of romanian culture over its western counterparts .
this declaration was later declared void by the church because the early sessions of the council had not been confirmed by a pope , but it demonstrates that there were still conciliar currents in the church running against the doctrine of papal primacy , likely influenced by the corruption seen in the papacy during this time period .
the dutch trade primacy was therefore not permanently damaged by the war , and neither did the english manage to regain their prewar position with force of arms .
various acts in the canadian constitution and numerous provincial websites typically indicate " lieutenant governor of [ province ] " ( upper case and no hyphen ) , likely due to the primacy of those positions in their respective jurisdictions .
below the image appears the written " movimento libertario " ; the terms are used in reference to political entity but also to define the nature of individual human action ( " movimento " ) and to define , in broad sense , those theories which give primacy to individual choice before the claims of any political power ( " libertario " ) .
for their part , the christian emperors emphasized the primacy of christianity , although not all did so to the same extent .
economic determinism is the theory which attributes primacy to the economic structure over politics in the development of human history .
it was during anselm 's archiepiscopate that the primacy dispute became central to anselm 's plans .
his epistemological approach heavily relies on the primacy of the scientific method of inquiry , critical thinking and dialectical confrontations .
its primacy is indicated in chapter iii , verse 47 : " this book shall be translated into all tongues : but always with the original in the writing of the beast ; for in the chance shape of the letters and their position to one another : in these are mysteries that no beast shall divine . "
a serious conflict arose between hincmar ( of reims ) on the one side and charles and the pope on the other in 876 , when pope john viii , at the king 's request , entrusted ansegisus , archbishop of sens , with the primacy of the gauls and of germany , and created him vicar apostolic .
emotion shapes , biologic primacy laws .
charles e. lindblom , who is seen as positing a strong neo - pluralist argument , still attributed primacy to the competition between interest groups in the policy process but recognized the disproportionate influence business interests have in the policy process .
equity 's primacy in england was later enshrined in the judicature acts of the 1870s , which also served to fuse the courts of equity and the common law ( although emphatically not the systems themselves ) into one unified court system .
wiccan views of divinity are generally theistic , and revolve around a goddess and a god , thereby being generally dualistic , ( with the goddess given primacy in dianic wicca ) .
all of these chords , however , are used in conventional patterns which serve to establish the primacy of the tonic triad .
aramaic primacy .
the current primate of japan is daniel ( nushiro ) , metropolitan of all japan and archbishop of tokyo , who was elevated to the primacy in 2000 .
treatise on the power and primacy of the pope ( 1537 )
a de facto recognition of the historic papal ministry already exists within the anglican communion , which has consistently maintained throughout her history that the roman pontiff possesses a station of primus inter pares , ‘ first amongst equals,’ a primacy of honour and reverence , though not of jurisdiction or personal infallibility .
theory is thus informed by historical debates over positivism and antipositivism , debates over the primacy of structure and agency , as well as debates relating to other fundamental key concepts in the social sciences and humanities in general ( e.g. materialism , idealism , determinism , dialecticism , modernity , globalization , postmodernity , and so on ) .
primacy of peter the apostle .
schofield had lobbied for the grade to be permanently reestablished in order to cement the primacy of all future commanding generals over the army 's other major generals .
the council of 681 assured to the archbishop of toledo the primacy of spain .
lang himself was gloomy about his legacy ; he believed that since he had not led his country back into an age of faith , or marked his primacy with a great historical act , he had failed to live up to his own high standard .
the eastern catholic churches consider themselves to have reconciled the east and west schism by keeping their prayers and rituals similar to those of eastern orthodoxy , while also accepting the primacy of the bishop of rome .
the beat generation works highlighted the primacy of such beat generation essentials as spontaneity , open emotion , visceral engagement in often gritty worldly experiences ; in a seeming paradox , the beats often emphasized a spiritual yearning , using concepts and imagery from buddhism , judaism , catholicism , and so on .
this could also threaten the traditional primacy of the house of commons within the westminster parliamentary system .
the churches of the east gave the roman see , primacy but not supremacy .
in the first years of the nineteenth century , the ideals of the romantic movement made their impact on the cultural life of the city and its major writers debated the primacy of classical versus romantic poetry .
jurgens gives cyprian as an example of " papal primacy being ' implicit ' in the early church . "
the remote studio is an alternative educational program of architecture which challenges the primacy placed upon cartesian conventions of methodology , objectivity , abstraction and process to allow students to explore their own creative directions as they are tied to the world around them .
during his primacy , he crowned two british monarchs .
the treatise on the power and primacy of the pope agrees that " ordination was nothing else than such a ratification " of local elections by the people .
the two struggled over the throne until 1908 , when doje senkel appealed for assistance to the chinese general chao eh - feng , who was on military campaign in the area to secure the political primacy of china .
he was the first to describe primacy and recency effects ( the fact that early and late items in a list are more likely to be recalled than middle items ) , and to report that even a small amount of initial practice , far below that required for retention , can lead to savings at relearning .
the independent church of the province of central africa was inaugurated in 1955 and has a movable primacy .
thirdly , the dogmatic primacy of the economic factor in the construct of historical materialism was contradicted by the potency and autonomy of the political factor as evinced by a historical analysis of various situations and epochs .
the primacy of imagination and intuition over the subjective character of creation was a fundamental principle of el greco 's style .
the papal claims to leadership were god - given , their origin lay in christ giving peter the keys to the kingdom of heaven and thereby granting him primacy over the young church .
however , in 1979 , by which time she had achieved a world - wide reputation as a writer , gallimard brought out the collection as " quand prime le spirituel " ( beauvoir had originally entitled it , ironically , " primauté du spirituel " , " the primacy of the spiritual " ) .
arthur schopenhauer 's aesthetics flow from his doctrine of the primacy of the will as the " thing in itself " , the ground of life and all being ; and from his judgment that the will is evil .
it represented more conservative elements in greek society and was viewed as being more supportive of the primacy of the orthodox church in greek life .
friedrich nietzsche ( 1844–1900 ) , an early disciple of schopenhauer , developed a separate principle which comes out of a rejection of the primacy of schopenhauer 's will to live and other notions of self - preservation .
portland harbour enabled the development of the woolgrowing industry of the western district , but has eventually it lost its primacy to facilities
bernard was succeeded in the primacy by his brother , ross macmahon ( 1747 - 48 ) , also bishop of clogher .
criticism of greek primacy includes logical improbabilities in the greek text compared to the syriac / hebrew texts and vocabulary containing wordplay in the syriac / hebrew new testament texts that parallels hebraic wordplay in the old testament .
she pointed to other parts of the mediterranean in which female tombs are preserved more carefully than male ones , and took this to be evidence of female primacy .
unlike many other churches of the reformation , the anglican church has never abandoned a possible role for the roman primacy , so long as the ministry of the bishop of rome is rightly understood , interpreted , and implemented .
the casina 's rich and at times obscure iconographic programme , of the efficacy of baptism , the primacy of the papacy and the welcomed punitive powers of the church , seems to have been inspired by cardinal charles borromeo , nephew of pius iv , who probably had it in mind as the headquarters for the academy he was about to found , on 20 april 1562 , called accademia noctes vaticanae .
this act meant that , at least in the fourth century , trier laid claim to the primacy of gaul and germany , a claim his successor saint maximin reinforced .
the order in castile appeared to be finished , and the branch of aragon sought primacy .
the united nations is among those bodies which have criticised the current system , and have called for a shift to a human rights oriented approach to trade , with steps to be taken " to ensure that human rights principles and obligations are fully integrated in future negotiations in the world trade organization " , as the “ primacy of human rights law over all other regimes of international law is a basic and fundamental principle that should not be departed from ” .
the expansion of soviet influence into eastern europe following germany 's defeat worried the liberal democracies of the west , particularly the united states , which had established virtual economic and political primacy in western europe .
the judicial executive legislative advisory and consultative council ( jelacc ) of the philippines is a body created by a memorandum of agreement ( moa ) signed on may 13 , 2008 , which serves as " the forum and venue for the representatives of the 3 branches of the government to undertake measures on matters affecting the primacy of the rule of law , specifically tastked to identify the problems and issues , formulate solutions , and to implement them . "
villas , public parks and protected areas have a large space in the urban fabric : rome is not by chance has the primacy of european capital with the highest number of ha reserved for the green .
at this same council , an attempt at compromise was made when the bishop of constantinople was given a primacy of honour only second to that of the bishop of rome , because " constantinople is the new rome . "
however , rome began to interpret her primacy in terms of sovereignty , as a god - given right involving universal jurisdiction in the church .
plutchik argues for the primacy of these emotions by showing each to be the trigger of behaviour with high survival value , such as the way fear inspires the fight - or - flight response .
this practice of shared rule with one prince asserting primacy was common in the pandyan kingdom .
the latin name mensa christi is also associated with the church of the primacy of st. peter in tabgha , on the northwest shore of the sea of galilee .
see also aramaic primacy .
at this council lanfranc obtained the confirmation of primacy that he sought ; nonetheless he was never able to secure its formal confirmation by the papacy , possibly as a result of the succession of gregory vii to the papal throne in 1073 .
the largest christian body , the roman catholic church , is not a member of the cec for the same reasons that it abstains from officially participating in the world council of churches , which is that such organizations do not recognize any kind of roman catholic primacy in the governance of the universal church .
a commitment to the reality and primacy of the actual world stands behind these two rejections .
" the government 's ethnic policies continued to be based on and justified by the two basic arguments mahathir had applied in his " dilemma " ; the " historical " status of malay primacy over malaya , and the " special needs " of the malays .
the principle of the causal " primacy " of the forces of production , he held , was a misconception of marxism .
by agreement the two first shared equal status , but in september ranariddh asserted his primacy as " first prime minister " , while hun sen remained " second prime minister " .
many theologians regard roman " primacy " as having developed gradually in the west due to the convergence of a number of factors , e.g. , the dignity of rome as the only apostolic church in the west ; the tradition that both peter and paul had been martyred there ; rome 's long history as a capital of the roman empire ; and its continuing position as the chief centre of commerce and communication .
the actual document names eadwulf as bishop of york , which indicates that at some point the document was altered , probably after the norman conquest of england , as part of the canterbury - york dispute over the primacy of the britain .
the state guaranteed freedom of expression and assembly , of conscience and of religion , and declared that “ as the romanian orthodox church is the religion of the great majority of romanians it is the dominant church in the romanian state , while the greek - catholic church has primacy before other faiths ” .
there he strongly supported the union of churches but upon return to constantinople he made statements against the papal primacy and filioque .
on these occasion opposed the proposals of rabbi yitzchak yaacov reines to choose the german language as national language of the jewish people and insisted on the primacy of the hebrew language .
the stoic view gave primacy to matter , whilst aristotle considered that form or essence was what mattered most .
one could truly speak of dutch primacy in world trade .
the first bishop to claim primacy in writing was pope stephen i ( 254 - 257 ) .
the word is used to refer to various forms of worldview based on the primacy of " ours " ( i.e. , of the ingroup ) over the " outsiders " .
thus was born the primacy of the toledan diocese over all spain .
najaf lost its religious primacy to qom and was not to regain it until the 21st century and the establishment of a shia - majority government in iraq after 2003 .
in cultures where theism was taken for granted , the primacy and quality of love was used as an argument for the truth of christianity .
using official news organs , the gang of four advocated the primacy of nonmaterial , political incentives , radical reduction of income differences , elimination of private farm plots , and a shift of the basic accounting unit up to the brigade level in agriculture .
dovnar - zapol'skiy promoted the concept of primacy of the history of people over the history of states and considered ethnography and economics to be highly important , if not chief factors , in studying the history of society .
the greyjoys became lords paramount of the iron isles after the targaryen conquest , when aegon i allowed the ironborn to choose who would have primacy over them .
in these sermons , he hammered home the primacy of core christian values such as love , patience , charity , and freedom , and reminded the citizens to trust god 's word rather than violence to bring about necessary change .
among earlier list items , the first few items are recalled more frequently than the middle items ( the primacy effect ) .
the systems approach gives primacy to the interrelationships , not to the elements of the system .
deng sustained mao 's legacy to the extent that he stressed the primacy of agricultural output and encouraged a significant decentralization of decision - making in the rural economy teams and individual peasant households .
moreover , it can refer to the primacy of greek culture and the greek language after the reign of emperor heraclius in the 7th century .
advocating respect for human rights in the context of globalization : fidh seeks to ensure the protection of economic , social and cultural rights , the primacy of human rights over trade law and the participation of civil society in international economic organizations .
the patriarch rejected the claims of papal primacy , and subsequently the catholic church was split in two in the great east - west schism of 1054 .
see greek primacy .
rome , as the ancient capital and once largest city of the empire , was given the presidency or primacy of honour within the pentarchy into which christendom was then divided ; though orthodox christianity held and still holds that the patriarch of rome is the " first among equals " .
the traditional musicological or european - influenced aspects of music often listed are those elements given primacy in european - influenced classical music : melody , harmony , rhythm , tone color , and form .
the fathers of the syriac orthodox church tried to give a theological interpretation to the primacy of apostle peter .
the new york state department of health has primacy for most of the water supply regulation compliance determination and enforcement in new york .
these works can be used as sources of law before scottish courts , although other sources will have primacy over them .
