the former rani realm henceforth became the danish principality of rugia .
this structure was formed by the union agreed between the former sovereign states , the kingdom of england ( which included the conquered principality of wales ) and the kingdom of scotland in the treaty of union and enacted by the acts of union 1707 to form the united kingdom of great britain ( 1707 - 1800 ) ; followed by the act of union 1800 , which united great britain with the kingdom of ireland to form the united kingdom of great britain and ireland .
in 1993 , the principality of monaco became a member of the united nations , with full voting rights .
during that rebellion , however , her heart was wrenched when the principality of liang was under heavy attack by the rebelling princes .
all rulings after 1570 as king of hungary refer to the territory known as " royal hungary " , and as prince refer to the " principality of transylvania " .
principality of nassau - orange - fulda .
most notably , the austrian habsburgs tried it for the whole duration of the autonomous principality ( 1527 ) until they finally absorbed it in 1687 .
in the zone there are sand , gravel , stone and marble mines , used for construction principality .
between 8th and 13th century , the principality was ruled by princes from serbian nobel dynasty - its first prince was miroslav .
during his time at the club , bell won the 2002 principality cup and was a finalist in the 2002 parker pen shield .
in april 1486 emperor maximilian elevated the county of chimay to a principality and admitted charles de croÿ into the imperial diet .
during a certain time the principality was ruled by volodymyr monomakh , but according to the decision of liubech congress ( 1097 ) sviatoslav ’s sons oleg and danylo and their descendants got it .
the area was part of the principality of nitra and later of the great moravia in the 9th century .
according to the primary chronicle , in the early 11th century , antony , a greek orthodox monk from esphigmenon monastery on mount athos , originally from liubech of the principality of chernigov , returned to rus ' and settled in kiev as a missionary of the monastic tradition to kievan rus ' .
grand prince of kiev vladimir ii monomakh founded the principality of vladimir - suzdal , and his son yuri dolgoruki founded the city of moscow in 1147 .
with the capture of general revil , the aborted colony drop and heavy losses on both sides , the earth federation and principality of zeon agree to a truce .
this decision started a process of joining of ryazan principality to the grand duchy of moscow .
nevertheless , it seems that the principality was an elective and not a hereditary monarchy .
amerogong topa - an , the forth brother took the northwest side across the agus river down to iligan bay and called the principality of balo - i , now composed of the municipalities of pantar , tagoloan , balo - i , matungao , pantao - ragat , poona piagapo , tangcal , magsaysay , lapayan , kauswagan , bacolod , maigo , kolambugan and iligan city .
but the colors and their order we must preserve , especially because all three of these colors are also in the coat of arms of bessarabia , which represents , if we eliminate the border made up of the imperial colors , precisely the ancient coat of arms of the moldavian principality , and it is known that flags must be designed according to the exact rules of heraldry , according to the colors of the field and the emblems of the corresponding coats of arms ” .
he fought under prince eugene of savoy against the ottoman empire before inheriting the principality of wolfenbüttel from his father in 1735 .
farther pomerania emerged as a subdivision of the duchy of pomerania in the partition of 1532 , then known as " pomerania - stettin " and already including the historical regions principality of cammin , county of naugard , lands of schlawe and stolp , and the lauenburg and bütow land .
jean died in 1579 , leaving a natural son , jean de monluc ( d. 1603 ) , seigneur de balagny , who was at first a zealous member of the league , but made his submission to henry iv , and received from him the principality of cambrai and the " baton " of a marshal of france .
there appears to have been a kambohja principality situated somewhere near gujarat / maharashtra on the borders of vijayanagara .
the national council ( ) is the parliament ( legislative body ) of the principality of monaco .
the county briefly belonged to the principality of transylvania between 1644 - 48 .
the area north of the balkan mountains and sofia became an autonomous principality .
in the fifteenth - century the principality was given to prince ivan of mozhaisk when he fled from grand prince vasily ii .
most of the villages of the upper kahlgrund then passed to the principality of aschaffenburg .
the united states made a tentative attempt to establish diplomatic relations with bulgaria in 1901 , but the diplomat named by washington was rejected by the bulgarian government , since he was based in istanbul rather than in the principality .
starting with his native ghor , an aimak principality , muhammad ghori managed to establish control over most of present - day afghanistan , pakistan and northern india .
taman was a principality of kievan rus around 988 , so this successor state ( if that is what it was ) may have been conquered altogether .
mikhail was allegedly involved both in bringing the judaizer heresy to novgorod the great and the failed defection of the city to the grand principality of lithuania .
under charles iii , the principality of monaco increased its diplomatic activities ; for example , in 1864 , charles iii concluded a treaty of friendship with the bey of tunis , muhammad iii as - sadiq , which also regulated trade and maritime issues .
from 1603 to 1793 zerbst was the residence town of the zerbst principality , whose rule included among others also jever .
the empire 's western border once stretched as far as the foothills of the lortmil mountains , but much of this land has since been reclaimed by the principality of ulek .
in 1978 , another issue of the hutt river province principality 's $ 1 coins was issued .
on may 31 , 1815 prince william vi concluded a treaty at the congress of vienna with his prussia brother - in - law and first cousin king frederick william iii , by which he ceded the principality of orange - nassau to the kingdom of prussia in exchange for luxembourg , which became a grand duchy instead .
the issue of valencian filiation is the product of hundreds of years of political evolution , throughout which the former kingdom of valencia and the former principality of catalonia developed in quite different ways .
in 1807 the ephemeric kingdom of westphalia annexed the principality , before france annexed it in 1810 .
the tiny principality does have its own cup competition , the winners of which are guaranteed entry into the uefa cup .
both institutions were disestablished in 1864 , when the romanian principality was founded as a unified state .
the principality of mindelheim was situated south of the danube , south - west of augsburg , and west of münchen .
during the minority of his grandson , asaf khan , the viceroy of kara manikpur , conquered the garha principality and held it at first as an independent chief .
the dove guided the boat to present - day les gaumates , today part of the principality of monaco , where a chapel dedicated to saint george already stood .
the appointment of a papal diplomatic representative to the principality was subsequent to the revision of monaco 's treaty with france which was revised in 2002 and ratified in 2005 .
at first , the principality included only the territory of the former pashaluk of belgrade , but in 1831 - 1833 it expanded to the east , south , and west .
instead of aiming to gain land from non - muslims , orhan took over a turkish principality , karesi ( present balikesir and surrounds ) .
it was developed during the one year war in response to the principality of zeon 's ms-05 zaku i and ms-06 zaku ii mobile suits .
he learns that the principality is being threatened by two of their neighbors , nostor and sask , with a third hungrily watching on , beshta .
the russo - turkish war of 1877 - 78 was followed by the attempt of sheikh obaidullah in 1880–1881 to found an independent kurd principality under the protection of the ottoman empire .
its boundaries fluctuated in the course of permanent conflicts with neighboring georgian rulers and ottoman empire , and the principality enjoyed various degrees of autonomy until being annexed by imperial russia in 1829 .
during the 1450s and 1440s the principality was wracked by civil wars , of which sultan murad ii took advantage .
the principality of velbazhd ( ) was one of the short lived states that emerged from the collapse of the serbian empire in the 14th century .
principality of valona and kanina .
the principality had its own navy , which also engaged in piracy forcing the genoese to complain , and possibly took part in an operation off trebizond .
gundam official states this " when the principality is dissolved at the end of the one year war , the antarctic treaty becomes officially defunct .
the principality traded cattle , skins , cheese , timber , horses , wax , dogs , hawks , and fleeces , but also flannel ( with the growth of fulling mills ) .
the name is derived from an event said to have occurred at mecca in which abraha , the pagan ( or possibly christian ) ruler of the principality of saba ' in yemen ( although differing accounts make him either a viceroy of the kingdom of axum or as having broken away and styled himself king of saba ' ) , marched upon the kaaba with a large army , which included one or more elephants , intending to demolish it .
in between the serb principality and the adriatic coastline existed three minor ' principalities ' , travunia , zachlumia and pagania .
, both in the united states of america , as the first two honorary consuls in history for the principality of liechtenstein .
in 1399 the albanian leader of principality of gjirokastër , gjon zenebishi captured the despot esau de ' buondelmonti and released him after 15 months , when his relatives in italy offered a huge amount of money as a ransom .
the title was in use from 1167 until the principality of transylvania emerged in the 16th century .
besides thorn , ittervoort , grathem , baexem , stramproy , ell , haler and molenbeersel belonged to this principality .
after 1280 a tatar prince named shishman came to rule the semi - independent principality of vidin .
with the dissolution of the principality of abkhazia c. 1700 , the district between the galidzga to the inguri came to be ruled by a branch of the shervashidze family whose one member , murzakan , gave to his new fiefdom the name " samurzakano " ( i.e , " land of murzakan " ) .
tobaro remained a principality , but only just .
the villages of the campulung valley formed a " republic " that preserved its autonomy even under the principality of moldavia , which acquired independence in 1359 .
in 1259 mongols led by burundai and nogai khan ravaged the principality of halych - volynia , lithuania and poland .
the principality takes its name from the liechtenstein family , rather than vice - versa , and the family in turn takes its name from castle liechtenstein in lower austria , which it owned from at least 1140 until the 13th century and from 1807 onwards .
in the 840s he provided shelter to the surviving members of the paulicians , who were fleeing persecution in byzantium , and allocated them the area around tephrike , which the paulician leader karbeas turned into a separate paulician principality , allied with ' umar in frequent expeditions against byzantium .
in the sixteenth century yashobramha shah gained the ruling title over the principality of kaski .
in 1871 , the principality became a constituent state of the new german empire .
leopold i , prince of anhalt - dessau ( 3 july 1676 – 7 april 1747 ) was a german prince of the house of ascania and ruler of the principality of anhalt - dessau .
the house of sratsimir , also sracimir or sratsimirovtsi ( ) was a medieval bulgarian and albanian dynasty that ruled the tsardom of tarnovo and tsardom of vidin , the principality of valona and kanina , and the despotate of lovech .
the tiny principality issued scout centenary stamps for the 2007 celebration , through both french and spanish posts .
in 1079 the abbot of this monastery was made a prince of the holy roman empire , with temporal authority over the principality of seborga .
in the 10th century , the lands of the dregovichs became a part of kievan rus and later — the turaw principality .
it was founded after the annexation of bessarabia by the russian empire in 1812 , from the churches and monasteries of the " metropolis of moldavia " on that territory that no longer belonged to the principality of moldavia , by gavriil bănulescu - bodoni , a popular promoter of moldavian / romanian language and culture , who served also as its first metropolitan .
in 1485 , the town fell under the muscovy rule with the rest of the principality of tver .
in 1495 it was incorporated into the principality of calenberg , with which it stayed united until the end of the duchy .
colberg - cörlin was created on 1 september 1872 as a partition of kreis fürstenthum , the successor of the principality of cammin .
until february 1371 a castle stood on top of the kalkberg from where the principality of lüneburg - brunswick was governed .
this principality had been created for bufille brancaccio , count of agnano ( sicily ) , by pope boniface ix .
in addition , some have derived the same meaning ‘ region , principality , country’ from another meaning of the word * " kraj- " , namely ‘ to cut’—as in church slavonic ( " kroiti " ) , ( " krajati")—that is , ‘ the land someone carved out for themselves’.
he is the son of tem ray , the project leader for the earth federation 's project v , which produces the prototype mobile suits gundam , guncannon , and guntank to combat the principality of zeon 's zaku .
he criss - crossed the southern netherlands , the netherlands , the principality of liège and france continuously for 40 years .
the principality of waldeck - pyrmont retained its status after the congress of vienna of 1815 and became a member of the german confederation .
atv ( " andorra televisió - andorran television " ) , occasionally known as " la tele " is a television channel in the principality of andorra .
in the former case he had been recognised as their sovereign by the bishopric of ösel - wiek and the bishopric of courland , and as their prospective ruler by the authorities of the bishopric of dorpat ; the bishopric of reval with the harrien - wierland gentry were on his side ; livonian order conditionally recognised his right of ownership of estonia ( principality of estonia ) .
the last pretender - ruler was captured by dutch colonial troops in 1906 , bringing a definite end to the principality .
the ministry was first established in 1879 as a ministry of the principality of montenegro .
after initially resisting to pressures to become the kingdom of hungary 's vassal , he yielded to king louis i in 1354 , and recognized the right of the roman catholic church to establish missions in his principality , as well as the privilege of saxon traders from braşov to transit wallachia without paying duties .
due to the 1857 mutiny , the british took over this principality in 1858 .
the duchy of saxe - eisenach was taken by johann ernst as independent principality separated from saxe - coburg , who remained with johann casimir .
the territory of this despotate was from the corinth gulf to acheron river in the north , neighboring with the principality of gjon zenebishti , another state created in the area of the despotate of epirus .
the premature firing of the solar ray cannon by gihren zabi caused the colony laser to burn out , which contributed to the principality of zeon 's loss during the battle of a baoa qu by depriving gihren and kycilla zabi of the ability to strike at the federation from a distance .
the principality of mudhol was one of the 9-gun princely states of british india , under the summit of niranjan .
one of these was the principality of achaea , which like the roman province , covered a much larger area than traditional achaea .
it dates back to the conflict between russian and the ottoman empires in the early 19th century and the ceding of part of the moldavian principality to russia in 1812 after its " de facto " annexation , and to the annexations during world war ii and after by the soviet union of northern bukovina and bessarabia and the policies of ethnic cleansing , russification and deportations that have taken place in those territories against ethnic romanians .
pereyaslav would come to yuri dolgoruki on the condition that iziaslav got to rule rostov although yuri kept a large part of the principality under is influence .
after 86 years its importance further increased when the seat of the powerful suzdal principality was moved here from gorodets in 1350 .
andorra is a co - principality .
the principality was formed by the union of many of the different counties which formed the marca hispanica during the reconquista under the rule of the count of barcelona .
in 1310 , when the mongols sacked the town again , it belonged to the principality of smolensk .
he was acquainted with the serbian linguist vuk stefanović karadžić in vienna who wrote him a letter of recommendation in to the serbian authorities in order to fulfill his wish to settle in the then principality of serbia .
the area of rajouri principality comprised proper rajouri , thanna , bagla azim garh , darhal , behrote , chingus , nagrota and phalyana etc .
under balik 's son dobrotici ( 1347–1386 ; ruling with the title of " despot " after 1357 ) the principality came to its greatest power and extension and the capital was moved to kaliakra .
the dutch influence remained prevalent in the principality of anhalt - dessau for many decades .
in 1538 , the principality became a tributary to the ottoman empire , but it retained internal and partial external autonomy .
during the one year war , the principality of zeon experimented with various mobile armor concepts , and one of their earliest and most successful was the max-03 adzam , an experimental ground combat mobile armor .
finally they became part of the grand principality of chernigov .
in 1748 , javorník became the seat of the breslau diocese responsible for the administration of all its properties in the freiwaldau region and since 1767 also the center of habsburg government for the principality of neisse - grottkau .
the podcast report concluded with the assertion that " section 23 " , and the umbrella of associated companies adv split into , could effectively be thought of as " neo - adv " ( referencing how in mobile suit gundam , when the " principality of zeon " was defeated their remnants reorganized into " neo zeon " ) .
costin and , in an unfinished book , cantemir attest the usage of the term " romanian " among the inhabitants of the principality of moldavia to refer to their own language .
the byzantine civil war also allowed the emergence of a local quasi - independent principality in the rhodope , headed by the bulgarian brigand momchil , who had switched his allegiance from john vi kantakouzenos to the regency in constantinople .
" el periòdic d'andorra " is a newspaper of the principality of andorra .
the original intent of making taranto as his and his heirs ' main principality was not any longer current , but still it was a strengthening of ferrante 's resources and position that his wife in 1463 succeeded her uncle giovanni antonio del balzo orsini as possessor of the rich taranto , lecce and other fiefs in apulia .
in summer 177 bc , when emperor wen was on a visit to his old principality of dai , prince xingju mistakenly thought that emperor wen was going to lead a military campaign against xiongnu , and therefore felt this was a suitable time to start his rebellion .
during this period the town and the principality of orange belonged to the administration and province of dauphiné .
the principality so became part of tuscany and , consequently , of the french empire , but under a special status : a prefect was appointed ( antoine - marie - pierre de hautmesnil ) , but the territory was never named as a department .
proprietary governments were grants by patents for special territory to one or more persons from the monarch , giving them rights as proprietors of the land and with general powers of government , in the nature of a feudal principality or royal dependency , and subject to the control of the monarch .
in 1810 napoleon granted dalberg 's principality of regensburg to the kingdom of bavaria and compensated him with hanau and fulda .
in time poznań became the princely town , and the principality began to assert itself and to grow westward to the oder , southward to the barycza and eastward to the pilica rivers .
later in life , she was the mistress of alexander john cuza , domnitor of the principality of romania .
that decision triggered in several war between henry ix and louis ii , because the younger brother henry ix resented that the whole principality was given to louis ii .
in 1856 , after the treaty of paris , two counties of southern bessarabia , cahul county and ismail county , revereted back to the principality of moldavia ( since 1861 — kingdom of romania ) .
during the one year war , it was very common for high ranking principality of zeon officers and ace pilots to receive personally customized mobile suits .
cut off from byzantium by the hungarian presence , the bohemian principality existed in the shadow of the holy roman empire .
until 15th century gnezdovo was a part of the independent smolensk principality .
as part of the princely electorate ( " hochstift " ) of würzburg , bischbrunn passed with the " reichsdeputationshauptschluss " in 1803 to the newly formed principality of aschaffenburg , with which it passed in 1814 to bavaria .
it may have been a warning to the hungarian principality when the byzantine emperor abolished the political and religious independence of bulgaria .
the pinsk principality had an important strategic location , between the principalities of navahrudak and halych - volynia , which fought each other for other ruthenian territories .
he inherited all guy 's lands in the principality of salerno and fought with guaimar 's successor , gisulf ii , whose lands he ate away at until little was left but salerno itself .
in early 1859 , at the close of a turbulent period , wallachia united with moldavia , creating what was soon after known as the principality of romania , ruled over by the moldavian alexander john cuza , himself a former revolutionary .
the river moldova ( possibly , the origin of the name of the principality , see " etymology of moldova " ) now flows entirely through romania .
mentioned afterwards in most house of nemanjić 's edicts and in subsequent venetian sources in the 13th and 14th centuries , signifying the area of the upper zeta , the name stabilized itself for a principality in the second half of the 15th century under lord ivan crnojević , mostly confounding erroneously the term with the dynasty 's name , which both have similar roots .
jones , born in bala north wales , is attributed to having collected hundreds of welsh melodies during his walks around the principality .
the " eastern hungarian kingdom " ceased to exist , and became simply the principality of transylvania .
gulab singh saini 's and nahar singhs ' ancestors were close associates for many generations and gulab singh 's forefathers traditionally held the ranks of army chief successively in this jat principality .
the liechtenstein dynasty , from which the principality takes its name ( rather than vice - versa ) , is the family which reigns by constitutional , hereditary right over the nation of liechtenstein .
nevertheless it remained part of the diocese , which in 1648 was secularized into the principality of halberstadt , and its sovereign possessions , including the rights to anhalt - aschersleben , were given to brandenburg - prussia .
during the russo - turkish war , 1806 - 1812 , in 1810 , a russian force took hold of suhum - kale and installed their protégé sefer bey ( georgi ) , who agreed to incorporate abkhazia as a vassal principality within the russian empire , as a prince .
the bishopric of dorpat ( ; ; ) was a medieval principality and a catholic diocese which existed from 1224 to 1558 , generally encompassing what are now tartu , põlva , võru and jõgeva counties in estonia .
giorgio carbone ( june 14 , 1936 – november 25 , 2009 ) was an italian who claimed to be head of state of the principality of seborga , a micronation whose extent is the italian town of that name , but whose independent status is not recognised outside of seborga .
in winter 202 bc , under the guise of an imperial gathering at chenqiu ( 陳丘 , in modern zhoukou , henan ) , han was summoned to a meeting and captured , stripped of his principality , and demoted to marquess of huaiyin(淮陰侯 ) with no military authority .
he then received , december 14 , 1763 , a secretariat of state composed strangely detached from the overall control of finance , whose duties included : the east india company , manufactures of cotton and painted canvas , the stud and veterinary schools , agriculture and corporate agriculture , mining , inland waterways , canals , public carriages , cabs and couriers , taxi , small items , deposits and collections of charters , lotteries , the exchange of principality of dombes , and , like other secretaries of state , grants , pensions , patents and shipments depending on the department .
1218 - d. 1287 ) was a german prince of the house of ascania and ruler of the principality of anhalt - bernburg .
the principality ceased to exist in 1560 when its last prince - bishop , johannes v von münchhausen , sold it to denmark .
the oldest daughter of gjon kastrioti , maria kastrioti , also called " mamica " , married the lord of the principality of zeta stefan i.
having taking control of capua for the king , he was appointed the administrator of the eponymous principality when the king made his son alfonso prince that year ( 1135 ) .
in the north , the name of moscow appeared in the historical record in the principality of suzdal , which gave rise to the nation of russia .
as principality of imperial immediacy in 1180 ) .
the bahdinan rulers , " esamil pasha " and " mohammad said pasha " were deposed by the emir of the neighboring " soran " principality in 1832 .
in 1708 , the new duke of lorraine , leopold i , gave charles henri the miniscule principality of commercy .
after the congress of vienna , the principality of isenburg was divided in 1816 between the grand duchy of hessen - darmstadt and the electorate of hessen - kassel ( or hesse - cassel ) ; büdingen went to hesse - darmstadt .
the county of edessa ( which he had founded ) , the principality of antioch , and , after tripoli was captured in 1109 , the county of tripoli .
the saltuklus were rulers of an anatolian turkish beylik ( principality ) centered in erzurum , who ruled from 1071 to 1202 .
to whomever the principality of taranto was left or promised , as part of his agreement to come to antioch , bohemond also married baldwin ii 's daughter alice .
in late 1848 and early 1849 , prince - bishop peter ii assisted the revolutionary fights of croatian ban josip jelačić and maintained close ties with the principality of serbia .
in 1937 , the principality responded to a growing interest from philatelists by creating a stamp issuing office .
landulf the red of benevento and capua tried to conquer the principality of salerno with the help of john iii of naples , but with the aid of mastalus i of amalfi gisulf repulsed him .
danish supremacy prevailed until 1325 in the rugian principality .
in 1526 , after the collapse of the kingdom of hungary at the hands of the ottoman turks , máramaros , along with the whole of modern transcarpathia , was incorporated into the semi - independent principality of transylvania , which became a habsburg domain in 1687 , and at the in 1867 was included in the hungarian part of austria - hungary .
though principalities existed in antiquity , before the height of the roman empire , the modern principality as it is known today evolved into being in the middle ages between 350 and 1450 when feudalism was the primary economic system employed by european societies .
in 1189 , after the hungarians had occupied the principality of halych , his father agreed to attack them with prince rurik rostislavich of belgorod , and mstislav rode with his father .
wartislaw vi received pomerania-(wolgast)-barth , the former principality of rügen , and bogislaw iv 's pomerania - wolgast was reduced to an area between greifswald and the swine river .
following the death ( 1383 ) of james , his successors , charles iii of naples and his son ladislaus , failed to maintain control of their principality of achaea and the navarrese company held the power in the region .
" i hope i shall hear from you when you are installed in your principality " .
in 1158 , henry the lion founded lübeck , in 1160 he conquered the slavic principality of schwerin .
the crown was only returned to the united kingdom following his death in 1972 and is now part of the honours of the principality of wales .
in the letter , hartley says he wants to found a democratic republic on the island , not a tax haven micronation like sealand , the principality of hutt river province or other similar sovereignty projects .
the principality of moscow , especially after prince dmitri 's defeat of the golden horde at the battle of kulikovo in 1380 , posed a particular threat to lithuania and jogaila 's rule .
navia is a municipality in the autonomous community of the principality of asturias , spain .
he ultimately managed to have the principality under himself .
at that time , the duchy was also referred to as slavinia ( ) , a term also applied to several wendish areas such as mecklenburg and the principality of rügen .
during the early middle ages it was a gastaldate in the principality of salerno .
located at the confluence of two most important rivers of his principality , the volga ( " mordvin " " rav " or " rava " ) , and the oka , and obran osh was renamed nizhny novgorod .
he had previously refused to be made comptroller in putna county , believing such an appointment to be beneath his capacity , and had lost a national liberal appointment in silistra when southern dobruja was granted to the principality of bulgaria .
samuel von brukenthal ( 1721 , nocrich – 1803 , sibiu ) was the habsburg governor of the grand principality of transylvania between july 6 , 1774 and january 9 , 1787 .
john casimir , prince of anhalt - dessau ( dessau , 7 september 1596 - dessau , 15 september 1660 ) , was a german prince of the house of ascania and ruler of the principality of anhalt - dessau .
after their victory in the third anglo - maratha war in 1818 , the british empire annexed most of the maratha territory to bombay presidency , but restored the titular raja pratap singh , and assigned to him the principality of satara , an area much larger than the present district .
in 1654 the principality of trubetsk was finally conquered by aleksy trubetsky , prince of trubetsk himself , as a result of the russo - polish war ( 1654 - 1667 ) .
in 1349 humbert ii de la tour du pin , dauphin de viennois , the last dauphin de viennois surrendered his title and principality to the future charles v of france .
in 1252 , the principality passed to his brother yaroslav , who became the ancestor of the tver dynasty of princes .
the principality was conquered by abul - shawk , the annazid ruler .
after the 1648 peace of westphalia it became part of the principality of halberstadt .
walter hired the catalan company , a group of mercenaries founded by roger de flor , to fight against the byzantine successor states of epirus and nicaea , but when he tried to cheat and kill them in 1311 , they slew him at the battle of halmyros and took over the duchy , making catalan the official language and replacing the french and byzantine - derived laws of the principality of achaea with the laws of catalonia .
as of 1789 , the principality had an area of 1,100 km² .
several further attempts were made by the marathas to conquer the siddi principality , but in vain .
they are also referred to as the rajauria , after the town in jammu , which was a the principality ruled by jarrals ,
he did not live to enjoy his principality long , as he died on 7 july 1383 .
rogers will come out of retirement for the 2007 - 08 season , where he will play for the semi - professional welsh side bridgend ravens in the welsh principality premiership .
the vilayet was bounded on the south by the aegean sea , and by the vilayet of edirne ( adrianople ) on the east , the vilayet of eastern roumelia on the northeast ( after the treaty of berlin ) , the principality , then kingdom , of bulgaria on the north , the vilayet of kosovo on the northwest , and the vilayet of monastir and the independent sanjak of serfije on the west ( after 1881 ) .
all our information , based on written sources , on the " principality of nitra " was recorded in two entries in " conversio bagoariorum et carantanorum " ( " the conversion of the bavarians and the carantanians " ) around 870 .
on his death the line of anhalt - zerbst became extinct and the succession to the principality was disputed between the other branches of anhalt - bernburg , anhalt - köthen and anhalt - dessau ; finally , in 1796 anhalt - zerbst was divided and ceased to exist .
additionally , " unfree slaves ... had long disappeared " from within the territory of the principality , wrote davies .
although the direct successor , he was overruled by his grandfather in favour of his paternal uncle bohemund iv of antioch , who inherited the principality in 1201 . raymond became prince of antioch by the influence of his maternal uncle , leo ii , king of armenia , who was in open conflict with bohemund iv .
there is no airport in the principality of monaco .
although the antarctic treaty prohibited the use of nuclear , biological or chemical weaponry , this did not stop the principality or the federation trying to develop new superweapons for use against one another .
the borders of the district are roughly identical with the medieval principality of parchim - riechenberg , which existed between 1238 and 1316 .
the cities along the m4 corridor are home to a number of high - profile blue - chip companies such as admiral insurance , legal & general and the welsh based principality building society .
augustus christian frederick , prince of anhalt - köthen ( b. köthen , 18 november 1769 - d. schloss geuz , 5 may 1812 ) , was a german prince of the house of ascania , ruler of the principality of anhalt - köthen , and from 1806 the first " duke of anhalt - köthen . "
over fifty inscriptions attesting to this have been discovered in the vijayanagara principality alone .
eromin 's son , yan korol , the hetman of the great lithuanian principality , reconstructed and fortified the castle .
from the beginning of xvi c. it becomes part of racha principality .
the principality of calenberg with göttingen would be awarded to george of lüneburg - celle .
fingov moved to sofia , the capital of the principality of bulgaria , in 1902 .
in 1642 , francesco , the 7th duke of sermoneta , acquired by marriage the county of caserta , which was exchanged for the principality of teano in 1750 .
the paralyzing charge into the bogs and the slaughter that followed resulted in the near annihilation of the nobility of the principality of achaea and its vassal states .
novi vinodolski , historically established as a political and cultural center of vinodol principality ( " vinodol " - " vallis vinea - ria " and vinodol statute 1288 ) , a cradle of pleiad of writers of the family mazuranic , thanks to evergreen vegetation and mild mediterranean climate clean sea water and air , it was considered in 1878 , only after opatija , pioneer of tourism of the coast .
the term " principality " is sometimes used in a modern sense to denote all of wales , but this has no constitutional basis .
but king béla iii marched against roman intending to reinstate vladimir yaroslavich , and the hungarians seized the principality .
the mass produced mobile suit of the titan forces , as well as the earth federation , the hi - zack was a vast improvement over the zaku ii , used by the principality of zeon .
in 1358 , the principality was plagued by the black death , transmitted by genoese boats from caffa before they finally brought it to sicily , genoa and the whole of western europe .
in 1164 , nur ed - din struck at the principality of antioch and laid siege to the key - fortress of harenc ; prince bohemond iii of antioch called upon thoros ii to come to his rescue , and mleh followed his brother .
the muslim principality of lakhnauti was limited to bihar , north and northwest bengal and up to lakhnur in southwest bengal .
the stroganov chronicle says that on was killed by a chief called chingii who spared taibuga , sent him to fight the ostyaks and granted him his own principality .
but misfortune overtook the jews of ferrara as well ; for when alfonso i. , the last of the este family , died , the principality of ferrara was incorporated in the dominions of the church under clement vii . , who decreed the banishment of the jews .
sper or speri was an ancient georgian principality .
fröbel created the name and the term " kindergarten " ( children 's garden ) for the " play and activity institute " , which he had founded in 1837 in the village of bad blankenburg , in the small , former principality of schwarzburg - rudolstadt , thuringia , germany .
the principality 's historic town centre was also restored , ensuring that its charms were protected from commercial overdevelopment .
in 1155 count loretello rebelled against king roger and destroyed the city , soon rebuilt through the efforts of bishop guido ( 1122 ) , for which he and his successors were granted the investiture of the principality .
in 1802 , the municipal area became part of the principality of nassau - weilburg , which itself passed to prussia in 1866 .
she kept the title of princess of achaia and put forth her son hugh as her own candidate for the throne of the principality .
in part , tver 's proximity ( the tver principality is contiguous with the novgorodian land ) threatened novgorod .
they installed a pasha to rule over central hungary ; transylvania became an autonomous principality under ottoman suzerainty ; and the habsburgs assumed control over fragments of northern and western hungary .
hohenlohe is the name of a german princely family and the name of their principality .
as the centre of slavic resistance to constantinople in the region , the region often switched between serbian and bulgarian rule on one hand and byzantine on the other until the serb principality of rascia conquered it definitively by the end of the 12th century .
in 1538 , the ottomans annexed more bessarabian land in the south as far as tighina , while the central and northern parts of bessarabia were already formally a vassal of the ottoman empire as part of the principality of moldavia .
for the first year of the principality 's existence , chen , whose army was defeated but who eluded capture , remained a threat , until zhou bo ( 周勃 ) killed him in battle in autumn 195 bc .
after emperor ān ascended the throne , however , the real power remained in empress dowager deng 's hands , and emperor ān 's parents prince qing and consort gěng ( who was sent by empress dowager deng to join her husband in the principality of qinghe , in modern central héběi ) appeared to have no influence on the administration .
the religious affairs of this small principality were now officially administered by the georgian orthodox church .
carbone 's status as " prince " was confirmed on 23 april 1995 , when , in an informal referendum , seborgans voted 304 in favour , 4 against , for the principality 's constitution , and in favour of independence from italy .
all together , the prolonged war had nearly fatally affected the economy , oprichnina had thoroughly disrupted the government , while the grand principality of lithuania had united with the kingdom of poland and acquired an energetic leader , stefan batory , who was supported by russia 's southern enemy , the ottoman empire ( 1576 ) .
after the young duke 's death in 1671 , françois roger served as " écuyer " to louis joseph 's aunt , marie de lorraine , who in 1679 appointed him governor of her principality of joinville and obtained for him a royal pension of 500 " écus " .
danish supremacy prevailed until 1325 in the rugian principality .
however , in 1711 , when traveling from the belgian front to the hague in connection with the law suit about the principality of orange , in his haste he insisted in crossing the hollands diep during a heavy storm .
louis i , prince of anhalt - köthen ( dessau , 17 june 1579 - köthen , 7 january 1650 ) , was a german prince of the house of ascania and ruler of the unified principality of anhalt .
great moravia reached its maximum territorial extent during the reign of svätopluk i ( 870 - 894 ) , who had governed the " principality of nitra " before ascending the throne .
by the time of the death of his cousin georg wilhelm , margrave of bayreuth ( 1726 ) , he lived as a danish lieutenant - general in wandsbek near hamburg and was not prepared for any government tasks in the principality of bayreuth .
the bishopric of worms was an ecclesiastical principality of the holy roman empire .
the town of rügenwalde was probably founded in 1270 by wizlaw ii of the danish principality of rügen , at that time also ruler of the lands of schlawe and stolp .
even then , serbian state continued to last in the hungarian exile until the mid 1500s and the autonomous serbian principality fell only in 1540 .
he was probably one of the commanders sent by the great seljuk sultan alp arslan to occupy parts of anatolia after the victory at manzikert over the byzantine empire , and his principality seems to have been founded in the years following the battle .
the principality of liechtenstein also is known as an important financial centre , primarily because it specializes in financial services for foreign entities .
in 1982 , following the july 1981 signing of a new convention between monaco and the holy see reaffirming the close catholic friendship and diplomatic relations which exists between the catholic principality and the holy see , the rank of monaco 's diplomatic legation was elevated from that of a ministerial rank diplomatic legation to that of an embassy , with h.e. cesar charles solamito , being elevated from the rank of minister plenipotentiary to ambassador extraordinary and plenipotentiary in june 1982 .
dinas powys golf club was founded in 1914 and is considered to be one of the finest courses in the principality , with views over the city of cardiff and cardiff bay .
in crimea , he conquered caffa , soldaia , cembalo and other genoese castles as well as the principality of theodoro with its capital mangup and the coastal regions of crimea .
prince of orange is a title of nobility , originally associated with the principality of orange , now in southern france .
the increase in the welsh population , especially in the lands of the principality , allowed for a greater diversification of the economy .
the war is also known as the zeon war of independence to the soldiers of the principality of zeon , such as in a later anime series ' and the manga " char 's deleted affairs " in which some zeon remnants refuse to admit defeat and claim that the war is still ongoing .
when emperor jing became emperor in 157 bc , the rich principality of wu was especially domineering .
the principality is supposedly located near germany .
the coregency or co - principality of the last was no longer held by a person but by the estates - general of the netherlands ( until 1794 ) .
