in 1203 he was again in bologna , serving as a procurator , his term in brescia having ended .
since 2006 , he has been the chief executive and permanent secretary of the treasury solicitor 's department ( tsol ) , and holds the official title of her majesty 's procurator general and treasury solicitor .
" for the procurator / proxy of the king , of that high bench , the monsieur boulduc , i can not conceal that he is completely unworthy of his post .
there never was a governor of jerusalem ; no procurator of judea is known to have been called lentulus and a roman governor would not have addressed the senate in the way represented .
michelotto was born in turin , italy , the son of a local procurator .
in april 1989 the procurator 's office of the soviet union officially released the following information : vladimir valentinovich varankin , born in 1902 in nizhny novgorod , member of the communist party since 1925 , expelled from it because of a criminal accusation , director before the arrest of the 2nd moscow pedagogical institute of foreign languages , was sentenced by the military college of the supreme court of the soviet union to be executed by gunfire and to have all his possessions confiscated on the third of october 1938 , for participation in a fascist spy organization " sojuznyj centr " ( ~union center ) , existing under the auspices of the esperantist organization , with the aim of overthrowing soviet power through espionage , sabotage , terrorist acts against the leadership of the communist party and the soviet government .
he became the director of the " secretariado nacional de aeronáutica civil " ( national secretariat of civil aeronautics ) , general - commander of the legião portuguesa , deputy national commissar of the mocidade portuguesa and procurator to the corporative chamber .
according to tacitus , in 60/61 when the iceni and trinovantes under boudica revolted against roman rule , the city was undefended by fortifications , and was only garrisoned by 200 members of the procurator 's guard .
it was governed by a " procurator " of equestrian rank .
rev. stephen w findlay , o.s.b , delbarton school , morristown , nj , was appointed procurator , and the official investigation began early in 1946 .
he left that position to become the procurator of his order and the director of st. elizabeth seminary in rome .
josephus mentions a magician named simon in his writings as being involved with the procurator felix , king agrippa ii and his sister drusilla , where felix has simon convince drusilla to marry him instead of the man she was engaged to .
he became an advocate of the superior council of corsica on december 11 , 1769 and a substitute procurator of the king of france in ajaccio in october 1770 .
svinhufvud refused to obey the orders of the russian procurator konstantin kazansky , which he considered illegal , and this led to his removal from office as a judge and being exiled to tomsk in siberia in november 1914 .
fadus , the procurator who succeeded pilate , blocked their route and killed theudas .
felix was procurator of judaea under claudius .
at montour falls he served as procurator until 1960 when he was assigned to st. joseph the worker parish , richmond , british columbia , canada and contributed much to the development of area youth programs , particularly among high school and university students .
i am not contented in order not to offend him ( count frontenac ? ) , by this deed of telling about the procurator , to have observed a strong reprimand in the presence of the lieutenant - general . "
chile having been constituted an independence province of the order in 1624 , father haimhausen was made provincial procurator , master of novices , and instructor .
tacitus was the son of a procurator , who married into the elite family of agricola .
the organization of the municipal council followed shortly , with the main nominees being : baltazar fernandes and andré de zunega ( judges ) , cláudio furquim and pascoal leite pais ( city councillors ) , domingos garcia ( procurator ) with francisco sanches ( clerk ) .
he was the procurator of rastenburg ( 1396–1402 ) and the " großschäffer " of königsberg ( 1402–05 ) .
the office of fiscal procurator was always held by an equestrian , unlike the office of governor that was reserved for members of the higher senatorial order .
he was made general procurator in 1507 and general of his order a year later in 1508 .
after occupying the positions of procurator of the jesuits at rome and censor ( " calificador " ) of the spanish inquisition at madrid , acuña returned to south america , where he died , probably soon after 1675 .
the history of the procurator fiscal is similarly difficult to set down with exactness , though the role has developed significantly over time .
the emperor septimius severus wrote back that his procurator would support the farmers .
he was for some time ( about 1459 ) procurator of his monastery , and in july , 1466 , was appointed to superintend the building of a monastery at ' s - hertogenbosch .
in 1718 - 1719 , mattarnovy built a mansion for the procurator general of the senate , p.i. yaguzhinsky , on the palace embankment .
she was then appointed regional procurator fiscal , grampian , highland and islands on 27 july 2000 , based in aberdeen - the first woman to hold such a post .
it was thus made up of 4 presidents ( of which the first and third were clergy and the other two laymen ) , 13 clergy councillors , 15 lay councillors , 2 greffiers ( one for civil law and the other for criminal law ) , a " huissier audiencier " , 6 other huissiers , 2 advocates general and 1 procurator general .
" praeses " , a common latin word , meaning chief or patron , was increasingly used for roman governors during the 2nd century ad , largely replacing procurator .
the principal ecclesiastical authority was the holy synod , the head of which , the over procurator of the holy synod , was one of the council of ministers and exercised very wide powers in ecclesiastical matters .
it was decided to make belgrano and saavedra met with senior alcalde juan jose de lezica , and castelli with the procurator , julián de leyva , calling for support of the cabildo .
marcus antonius felix ( felix in greek : ο φηλιξ , born between 5/10- ? ) was the roman procurator of iudaea province 52 - 58 , in succession to ventidius cumanus .
if , within the specified period of time , the litigant fails to appeal and the procurator fails to protest , then the first - instance judgment or ruling stands as the legally binding judgment or ruling .
in scotland , these types of cases are heard in the court of the lord lyon , which is a standing civil and criminal court , with its own procurator fiscal ( public prosecutor ) under the scottish legal system .
he was then appointed procurator of moesia inferior ; at the same time he was given a command to drive out brigands from the borders of macedonia and thrace .
ho meng - fai - who had jumped bail - confessed in statements given to the cac and the procurator 's office that ao offered to recommend his company to foreign investors in exchange for 2 to 3 percent of the winning tenders .
in 1893 he was appointed president of the civil tribunal in this court , and was procurator - general during the 1899 reopening of the dreyfus case .
according to several inscriptions , priscus was prefect of the province of mesopotamia , " procurator " of macedonia , second in command to egypt 's governor and held judicial responsibilities in alexandria .
in 1529 he was elected " procurator of the german nation " in the university of paris , and was re - elected four times in four successive months .
while on voyage to madrid , and then to rome as procurator of the jesuit order , combés died on board on december 29 , 1665 .
he served as ober - procurator from july 25 to august 5 , 1917 when the office was abolished and the office of minister of religion established with kartashev the first to hold that post .
the coronal and pontifex have less influence here as well , with the procurator of ni - moya being a more direct overlord ( until that office was abolished ) .
he then served as procurator in southern gaul before being made a senator and commanding two legions in succession .
under the ptolemies the heptanomis was governed by an , and by an officer of corresponding designation , procurator , under the roman caesars .
as a commander , the procurator had brothers of the teutonic knights and vassal old prussians at his disposal .
after 1881 he spent the winters in rome as procurator general of the congregation , and was there frequently called upon to give a series of sermons in english .
it came to pass , while cuspius fadus was procurator of judea , that a certain charlatan , whose name was theudas , persuaded a great part of the people to take their effects with them , and follow him to the jordan river ; for he told them he was a prophet , and that he would , by his own command , divide the river , and afford them an easy passage over it .
he executed a successful and decisive battle against the quadi in 179 at laugaricio under the command of legate and procurator marcus valerius maximianus of poetovio pannonia ( modern - day ptuj , slovenia ) .
with the help of the local procurator - general ransom he filed an appeal and spent the following five month in prison waiting for a re - trial .
a statement by pliny the younger that his uncle was offered 400,000 sesterces for his manuscripts by larcius licinius while he ( pliny the elder ) was procurator of hispania makes it the most certain of the three .
apostoli , procurator general , and co - adjustor to father antonio francesco vezzosi , the superior general of the theatine order , on 31 may , 1774 .
lourenço da silva de mendouça ( 1620–1698 ) , probably born in brazil , went to lisbon in 1681 , then madrid in 1682 where he became procurator - general of the confraternity of our lady , star of the negroes , a charitable lay society in brazil and portuguese africa .
from 1907 to 1916 , he was procurator of the jesuit residence in turin .
in 1847 , was made president of the college of the barnabites at rome , a position which he held together with the charge first of procurator , and then superior general of his order , and with various offices in several roman congregations , until his death at rome on 19 january , 1869 .
he was made procurator of the duchy of saxony in 936 .
in his order , besides being professor of dogmatic theology , sacred scriptures and the oriental languages , ciasca also held the positions of prefect of studies , assistant general , and afterwards of procurator general .
egypt and some smaller provinces where no legions were based were ruled by a " procurator " ( " praefectus " in egypt ) , whom the emperor selected from non - senators of equestrian rank .
in 1752 he was replaced as procurator by colomban - sébastien pressart , whose assistant he became , but he resumed the office in 1756 .
in 1700 he was appointed procurator - general ; and in this office , which he filled for seventeen years , he gained the greatest popularity by his defence of the rights of the gallican church in the quietist troubles and in those connected with the bull unigenitus .
sagredo was able to parlay his wealth and new - found respect into a series of embassies on behalf of the most serene republic , before eventually becoming a procurator of san marco .
the same act also made liable any procurator to pay compensation who was " ignorant and unprepared " .
other times his role is given the title " procurator " .
in the beginning of 2008 , the office of the ingushetia public procurator initiated hearings in kuntsevo court , demanding that access to the site ingushetia.ru be restricted .
mcneill is married to joseph cahill , an advocate , who is a former police officer and depute procurator fiscal .
as well as appearing in scottish versions of the royal cypher and royal coat of arms , including the version of the arms used by the scotland office , stylised versions of the crown appear upon the badges of the royal regiment of scotland , the royal british legion scotland , those of the scottish police forces , the scottish ambulance service , and upon the logos of the crown office and procurator fiscal service , rcahms , and general register office for scotland .
on may 2 1966 , the hamburg procurator von below wrote : " findings inside and outside the country produced the following conclusions . ...
after his return to quebec he acted as procurator to the mission .
he was the brother of berenice and drusilla ( second wife of the roman procurator antonius felix ) .
he served as general procurator of saint lucia , saint vincent and the grenadines and grenada .
" nobil huomo " giorgio cornaro , called " padre della patria " ( venice , 1452 – venice , 31 july 1527 ) , cavaliere del sacro romano impero , patrizio veneto , podeste of brescia in 1496 , procurator of san marco .
the " legatus " sometimes would appoint a prefect ( later procurator ) , usually a man of equestrian rank , to act as his deputy in a subregion of the larger province : the infamous character of pontius pilate in the christian gospels was a governor of this sort .
on 2 october 2006 , the procurator fiscal decided that there were grounds for an investigation into perjury , and instructed lothian and borders police to proceed with one .
in 1811 was elected procurator of the municipal council of caracas , being one of the signers of the manifesto that this council leads to citizenship , after being declared by congress the independence of venezuela on 5 july 1811 .
in 1995 , she was appointed assistant procurator fiscal at glasgow .
in may 1609 , he was named procurator of san marco .
one of them was probably shot by a local policeman , purportedly an azerbaijani , either by accident or as a result of a quarrel on february 27 , 1988 , while speaking on baku 's central television , the soviet deputy procurator alexander katusev mentioned the nationality of those killed .
two of them , jean - baptiste fleuriot - lescot and claude - françois de payan , were elected mayor and procurator of the commune respectively .
the procurator fiscal or advocate depute always sits in the seat at the right of the clerk during criminal proceedings .
by 1894 , with the retirement of brandegee , eastwood was procurator and head of the department of botany , a position she held until she retired in 1949 .
from the primary source of fronto ’s letter ( mentioned previously ) it is revealed that a request on behalf of appian to give him the rank of procurator , can be dated during coregency , i.e. , between 147 and 161 .
he was procurator - general ( 1719 ) , twice provincial secretary ( 1722 ) , definitor ( 1725 ) , presiding officer of the chapter ( 1731 ) , qualifier of the holy office , chronicler of the augustinian province in the islands , reader ( 1744 ) , and conventual preacher .
officials found guilty of illegalities could be publicly reprimanded , fined for damages , or referred to the procurator for prosecution .
having completed his studies , he was ordained priest , and spent several years , from 1662 , as procurator or agent at the college of st. omer .
at that time he became the procurator of lochstädt ( pavlovo ) near königsberg , where he died in 1429 .
historian cassius dio tells that licinus , procurator of gaul , added two months to the year a.u.738 ( 15 bc ) , because taxes were paid by the month .
he was successively councillor of the parlement of metz , procurator general at nancy , and intendant of the province of toul .
he was born in danzig to his father 's second wife and named after his father ( died 1604 ) , who was a procurator .
“ elisabeth called von dorndorf . widow of the knight heinrich of sottenbach , donates all her movable ( " bona mea mobilia , utensilia affernalia " ) and immovable property in the villages and rural areas of stenbach ( steinbach ) , dorringdorf ( dorndorf ) hausen , vridekobin ( frickhofen ) , gocheim ( guckheim ) and wermolderode ( willmenrod ) at farms , houses , estates , gardens , meadows , grazing lands , forests , fisheries , tax income or other to the abbess and the convent of the nuns in gnadenthal ( " in valle gracie " ) for the healing of her soul , and her parents’ , and all her forbears’ before the schultheißen ( roughly , “ sheriffs ” ) , schöffen ( local justices ) and other villagers and transfers the goods to the convent to its procurator ’s hands as property . - sgg . of the count gerhard von diez
she married gaius julius alpinus classicianus , the procurator of roman britain from 61 to his death in 65 .
each sestiere was administered by a procurator and his staff .
marcus antonius julianus was a procurator of judea during the time of the great jewish revolt .
the period of detention can be extended up to 7 days in certain circumstances on application by the procurator fiscal to the sheriff .
he went to nagpur from where he , in january 1901 , proceeded to lahore where bishop pelkmans admitted him into the franciscan order and appointed him the procurator of the new congregation .
from 1993 - 96 , he was a procurator fiscal depute for edinburgh and aberdeen , and from 1996 - 2001 was a solicitor with aberdeen and macduff .
mcneill ’s committee also led consideration of reforms to the high court amongst many other subjects and convened the first ever inquiry into the crown and procurator fiscal service , and was proud to help deliver justice for asbestos victims in the court of session .
the procurator fiscal said boruc " was seen by members of the public and police officers to bless himself .
eventually " ober - procurator " became the title of the chief of a department of the senate .
paul had been allowed passage from caesarea maritima to rome by porcius festus , procurator of judea , to stand trial before the emperor .
the choice of forum is a matter for the lord advocate and procurator fiscal , and is determined in a process known as marking .
pontius pilate 's title was traditionally thought to have been procurator , since tacitus speaks of him as such .
these committee chairs usually are overseen by the grand procurator .
the encyclical 's ghost writer was joseph lemius , procurator general of the oblates of mary immaculate .
george way of plean is the procurator fiscal of the court of the lord lyon in scotland .
following the revolution of 1830 he served for a time as an assistant procurator at the civil tribunal of the département of the seine , but quit the magistrature after some time to return to the bar , where he pled several politically - charged cases , notably that of colonel vaudrey implicated in the attempted insurrection at strasbourg fomented by prince louis - napoléon bonaparte , in which he obtained acquittal , 18 january 1837 .
from 1749 to 1753 he was prior of st. edmund 's , paris and in 1754 was sent to rome as procurator general of the english benedictine congregation .
as with his palace in the donkerstraat evert probably used his contacts as procurator ( fabrieksmeester ) of the dom to engage the most talented architects and artisans of his day to construct his foundation .
lat . " n. 516 ) as " procurator augusti epistrategiae septem nomorum " .
accustomed in jerusalem from early times to look to the east for help , and aware , as the roman procurator petronius was , that the jews of babylon could render effectual assistance , babylonia became with the fall of jerusalem the very bulwark of judaism .
from 1630 to 1634 he was procurator of the franciscans at rome , and vice commissary from 1645 to 1648 .
among other things , miho defined his brother , the priest johannes , as his procurator .
the beautiful gothic facade was probably designed by the dommeester , who fell under evert in his capacity as procurator ( fabrieksmeester ) of the dom .
pliny was a procurator in hispania terraconensis in the 70 's and must have witnessed for himself the operations .
a forensic medical report , a copy of which was obtained by human rights watch ( hrw ) , cited a military procurator 's report that on march 27 at 1 a.m. , budanov took elza kungaeva , a civilian , from her home in tangi - chu and brought her to a military encampment .
after herod agrippa 's death in 44 , when iudaea reverted to direct roman rule , the governor held the title procurator .
he returned again to france in 1638 , where he became procurator of the canadian missions , vice provincial and superior of the " professed house " in paris .
zharangutiun ” submitted a solicitation of restraint with the procurator ’s office two days ago .
in 1881 - 1886 he became the military procurator - in - chief of russia ( responsible among other things for the investigation and persecution of the organizers of murder of emperor alexander ii of russia ( 1881 ) .
the romans ignored this , and the procurator catus decianus seized his entire estate .
all organs of patriarchal church who collaborate in the administration of the patriarchal church , including superior tribunal , moderator general of the administration of justice , a group of bishops for recourse , patriarchal procurator in rome , roman curial organs , curia of other patriarchal churches , etc .
beset by his own family troubles , his new responsibilities as procurator of the sacred poultry , and the continuing search for a new partner , he decides to send her home .
in 1411 , grand master heinrich von plauen appointed johannes abezier as their " procurator general " .
he chose to remain there , and soon became procurator of the " english nation " before obtaining a doctorate in canon law .
chang wrote of the death toll estimates given by different sources ; chinese military specialist liu fang - chu proposed a figure of 430,000 , officials at the nanjing massacre memorial hall and the procurator of the district court of nanjing in 1946 stated at least 300,000 were killed , the international military tribunal for the far east ( imtfe ) judges concluded that more than 260,000 people were killed , japanese historian fujiwara akira approximated 200,000 , john rabe , who " never conducted a systematic count and left nanking in february " , estimated only 50,000 to 60,000 , and japanese author ikuhiko hata argued the number killed was between 38,000 and 42,000 .
he was made procurator - general of the whole order of st. dominic by blessed nicolo bocassini , then master general , and was afterwards elected provincial of the roman province .
the original hearing date of december 12 , 2006 was postponed as " the timescale that the defence solicitors have been afforded for their preparation of the case has been significantly less [ than the procurator fiscal 's ] " .
napoca became a provincial capital of dacia porolissensis and thus the seat of a procurator .
usually regarded as a prime representative of reactionary and anti - semitic views , he was the " éminence grise " of imperial politics during the reign of his disciple alexander iii of russia , holding the position of the ober - procurator of the holy synod , the highest position of the supervision of the russian orthodox church by the state .
he received the office of procurator at the end of 1738 .
george , duke of saxony , made schönberg his procurator for the fifth council of the lateran ( 1512–1517 ) .
he appointed a procurator in florence in may 1528 , undoubtedly with a view to returning to france ; as noted , his presence at the court of françois i is documented later in the same year and into 1529 .
accustomed in jerusalem from early times to look to the east for help , and aware , as the roman procurator petronius was , that the jews of babylon could render effectual assistance , babylonia became with the fall of jerusalem the very bulwark of judaism .
after various restrictions put forth by the infamous ober - procurator of the holy synod konstantin pobedonostsev , the activity of the society dwindled .
from 1974 to 1979 abraham kakkanattu was the procurator and the director of the social service society of the eparchy of tiruvalla .
he is a military veteran , near retirement , and is installed as the procurator of the province of anatolia .
otherwise , the police , forensic experts , the crown office and the procurator fiscal service will tend to form bonds which could be prejudicial to an accused person receiving a fair trial .
when the french under philip iii invaded catalonia as part of the aragonese crusade , king peter iii nominated jofre procurator of the monastery of sant pere de galligants and trusted to him many important missions .
he briefly served as procurator of the adjoining st. joseph seminary until it was closed the following year .
montecchio , today a " frazione " of castiglion fiorentino , acted as procurator of arezzo in 1419 .
when the incident was reported , a member of the procurator fiscal 's office , the public prosecutor in scotland was sent to the estate .
afterwards , he held the office of procurator at rome , and died in the house of probation at ghent .
during the " empire reborn " series , the imperial procurator of justice , lord hethrir , kidnaps the solo children to use in his plot for their force powers .
named procurator to the friar 's house in washington , d.c.
later he was named procurator , and then rector of the diocesan seminary of the immaculate conception in springfield .
july 31 , 1527 ) , " padre della patria " , knight of the holy roman empire ( cavaliere del sacro romano impero ) , patrizio veneto , podeste of brescia in 1496 and procurator of san marco , who married at venice in 1475 the " nobil donna " elisabetta morosini , patrizia veneta , and they had issue , called " cornaro della regina " .
louis had at least four brothers , simon who was an apothecary in paris ; pierre who was procurator in " le chatelet " ; gilles who was an augustinian monk ; and jacques who was an augustinian monk .
magistrates such as procurator fiscals and quaestors investigated crimes .
the latter , presumably reporting to the governor of germania superior , is attested in 2 inscriptions as " prefect ( or procurator ) of the raeti , vindelici and the poenine valley " .
the soviet union lacked an adversarial court procedure known to many common law jurisdictions , but rather utilized the roman law inquisitorial system , where judge , procurator , and defense attorney work collaboratively to establish the truth .
it is certain that pliny spent some time in africa province , most likely as a procurator .
the procurator fiscal holds a commission from the lord advocate who is a government minister .
for example , documents of the military procurator 's office in baku examined by human rights watch / helsinki indicate that the military action was being planned even before the january 13 , 1990 pogroms " .
the northern wall depicts the trial of jesus by the high priest of caiaphas and by the roman procurator pontius pilate .
archelaus antagonized the jews as his father had , and in 6 ce the emperor augustus acceded to a delegation by placing judea and samaria under the indirect rule of a roman procurator ( or prefect ) , and the direct rule of a roman - appointed high priest instead , see iudaea province .
in very serious cases , a procurator fiscal , advocate depute or even the lord advocate , may take charge of a police investigation .
it is headed by the lord lyon king of arms , who must be legally qualified , as he has criminal jurisdiction in heraldic matters , and the court is fully integrated into the scottish legal system , including having a dedicated prosecutor , known in scotland as a procurator fiscal .
the crown office and procurator fiscal service ( " copfs " ) provides independent public prosecution of criminal offences in scotland ( as the more recent crown prosecution service does in england and wales ) and has extensive responsibilities in the investigation and prosecution of crime .
he was suspended from his work in procurator office and tried to contact stalin , but to no avail .
raetia was governed by an equestrian procurator .
ventidius cumanus ( procurator 48 to 52 ce ) often retaliated against brigandry by punishing peasant communities he believed to be their base of support .
he was chosen as procurator of san marco on the merits , and upon the outbreak of the cretan war ( 1645–1669 ) , he was selected as captain general of the fleet of the republic of venice .
exceptionally talented , experienced and/or connected praefects castrorum / legionis could sometimes move on to higher civilian positions such as procurator , which artorius indeed managed to accomplish after retiring from the army .
the city was governed by a city council of 600 with a committee of 10 until 44 ce when a roman procurator was set over the city after the death of agrippa i.
he spent some time as deacon in edessa and in 1757 he was ordained a priest by the syrian bishop of aleppo , george fattal , who also appointed him as procurator of the church of aleppo .
in 1462 jaume was named procurator in charge of collecting the imposts known as the " generalitats " .
louis - marie turreau 's father was fiscal procurator for waters and forests to the comté d'évreux , before becoming mayor of évreux .
attracted to the carthusian order , he was professed at the london charterhouse , ordained , and subsequently appointed to the office of procurator .
after the outbreak of the great jewish revolt , florus was replaced as procurator by marcus antonius julianus .
in 44 ad , rome installed the rule of a roman procurator side by side with the rule of the herodian kings ( specifically agrippa i 41 - 44 and agrippa ii 50 - 100 , see also iudaea province ) .
the crown office decided on 17 february to prosecute icl plastics limited and icl tech limited under the health & safety at work act following a report conducted by the glasgow procurator fiscal and hse .
in 1684 he was appointed procurator for his congregation in the curia romana , which post required his residence in rome for the remainder of his life .
their decision to prosecute in this way is taken in the light of the procurator fiscal 's recommendations and a report prepared by the police , and any such reports are subject to the direction of the lord advocate .
raetia was governed by an equestrian procurator .
scotland 's prosecution service the crown office and procurator fiscal service is headed by the lord advocate is who is a member of the scottish government but not an elected member of the scottish parliament ( msp ) .
at 8 am on 29 october 1792 the two deputies who had been authorised to supervise the election of a new administrator by the students arrived at collège des irlandais and called upon truchon , substitute procurator of the commune , to join them .
he was elected procurator for the french ' nation ' ( the french - born francophone students at the university ) in 1383 , and again in 1384 , in which year he graduated bachelor of theology .
neither the police nor the procurator fiscal is involved unless there is a contravention of lawburrows .
the time of the move is not recorded , though second century roofing tiles have been found marked p.pr.br.lon - " the provincial procurator of britain , at londinium " .
nero banned any magistrate or procurator from exhibiting public entertainment for fear that the venue was being used as a method to sway the populace .
after being named prior of the st scholastica monastery , serafini became the general procurator of his religious order in rome in 1892 .
in spain , the procurator merely signs and presents the papers to the court , but it is the advocate who drafts the papers and argues the case .
it is said that , in some communities , there is a fear of violence from certain known people and that the criminal law has been rendered somewhat ineffective because of the need to involve the police , the procurator fiscal ( the scottish name for a prosecutor ) , to provide witnesses and to establish the case " beyond reasonable doubt " .
while at rome , he voiced his support for the jews to claudius , and against the samaritans and the procurator of iudaea province , ventidius cumanus , who was lately thought to have been the cause of some disturbances there .
in 1570 he was procurator and , in the december of the same year , " capitano generale da mar " ( " chief admiral " ) of the venetian fleet in the new war against the ottoman turks .
she was appointed to the post of solicitor general for scotland in november 2001 becoming the first woman , the first procurator fiscal , and the first solicitor to hold that post .
when he was about to be elected procurator general in 1756 , the pope appointed him bishop of calvi , on 24 may 1756 ; he was consecrated three days later .
barère 's father , jean barère , was a procurator and a lawyer .
legal procurator .
this can be translated as : " for the health of imperator caesar marcus aurelius antoninus pius felix invictus augustus , naevius the imperial freedman , helped to restore from its foundations the procurator 's headquarters which had broken down in ruins .
on february 27 , the soviet deputy federal procurator , aleksandr katusev revealed in a report that evening that was carried by baku radio and central television , that two azeris , bakhtiar guliyev and ali hajiyev , ages 16 and 23 , were purportedly killed by armenians in a skirmish between the two ethnic groups in the agdam region of karabakh on february 22 .
in 1623 he resided at rome , and was associated with f. william risdon , the procurator there .
single , burgos served as a regional procurator in the parliament of castille and leon from 1987 to 1993 .
he was previously procurator fiscal for lothian and borders .
the office of procurator of san marco was not abolished at the fall of the republic of venice in 1797 .
this reputation helped him to acquire a post as a civil servant in the government of rome , as a procurator of byzacena .
however , the procurator could also appeal if he / she considered the sentence to be too lenient .
there are similarities between the role of the state counsel and the procurator fiscal in scotland , crown prosecutor in england and wales , crown attorneys in canada and district attorneys in the united states .
after the empire was dismantled , in became the roman province of novo brittania , under the rule of procurator khalid of anatolia .
the advocate general 's role differs from that formerly held by the lord advocate in that they are only charged with advising the uk government on matters pertaining to scots law , the lord advocate having retained his responsibility as the chief public prosecutor in scotland and head of the crown office and procurator fiscal service on his transfer to the scottish executive .
remains of the procurator 's house , some parts of which may date from the 14th century and others from the 16th century , are still standing just off the village square .
born into a wealthy jewish family of alexandria but abandoning or neglecting the jewish religion , he rose to become procurator of judea ( " c. " 46 – 48 ) under claudius .
it was conceived and built as a trade route for the exploitation of gold , as mentioned by pliny the elder who held high office as procurator in hispania tarraconensis in 73 ad .
the offices of the comptroller general of the republic , the procurator general of the public , and the ombudsman exercise autonomous oversight of the government .
this group of " spiritual christians " regularly met with representatives of the othodox church until 1903 when these encounters were banned by the notorious konstantin pobedonostsev , procurator of the holy synod of the russian orthodox church .
in dacia , all the cities developed from military camps . " ulpia traiana sarmizegetusa " ( sarmizegetusa , romania ) , the seat of the imperial procurator ( finance officer ) for all the three subdivisions , was the financial , religious , and legislative center of the province .
lucceius albinus was the roman procurator of judea from ad 62 until 64 and the governor of mauretania from 64 until 69 .
the motto " in defens " not only appears on the royal arms , but also , in conjunction with the crest of the royal arms , upon the logo of both the crown office and procurator fiscal service and the general register office for scotland .
the procurator ’s office conducts all criminal investigations .
the crown office and procurator fiscal service ( ) provides the independent public prosecution service for scotland , and is a ministerial department of the scottish government .
among his other roles are the policeman ( miliceman ) in " old khottabych " , " boss of sport complex " in " seven old men and one girl " , the procurator in " bat " , the commissioner in " charodey " ( 1982 ) , " radist " in " weather is good on deribasovskaya , it rains again on brighton beach " and many other films .
porcius festus succeeded him as procurator of judea .
he practised as an advocate from 1953 to 1959 and was procurator fiscal depute from 1960 to 1965 .
along with pliny the elder , the only other noble casualties of the eruption to be known by name were agrippa ( a son of the jewish princess drusilla and the procurator antonius felix ) and his wife .
the office of the procurator general is an autono - mous institution of the judiciary .
kane works as a solicitor for the scottish procurator fiscal office .
where a criminal offence is suspected to have occurred the procurator fiscal will instruct the local police to investigate .
her majesty 's procurator general and treasury solicitor is currently paul jenkins .
a public procurator is an officer of a state charged with both the investigation and prosecution of crime .
the samaritan and galilean insurgents were crucified ; five ( eighteen according to josephus , " b. j. " ii.12 , § 6 ) galileans whom the samaritans pointed out as instigators of the movement were executed in lydda ; the high priest ananias and anan , the governor of the temple , were sent in chains to rome ; and the leaders of the samaritans , the procurator cumanus , and the military tribune celer were also sent to plead their cause before the emperor .
these collegia also have the authority to remove judges for misbehavior , and to approve procurator 's requests to prosecute judges .
he subsequently taught at the college until 1652 , when he became procurator and prefect of studies .
for this reason , the office of procurator became an important post amongst the jesuits in japan .
rev. thomas pothacamury d.d. , in memory of rev. fr . saint germain , a most loved french priest , who till his retirement worked as a teacher and procurator at the local st joseph 's school and college .
nominated " praefectus urbi " , mayor of rome , for year 203 , he saved the life of procurator marcus opellius macrinus ( later emperor ) , when his patron plautianus fell into disgrace ( cassius dio , " roman history " , lxxix ) .
probably the most notable procurator was joão rodrigues , who approached toyotomi hideyoshi and tokugawa ieyasu and even participated in the administration of nagasaki .
the governor of germania inferior , lappius maximus , moved to the region at once , assisted by the procurator of rhaetia , titus flavius norbanus .
it was at this point that de cros appointed a new procurator and registrar for the camera , and assisted clement vii in turning out copious amounts of official - looking documents .
born in clazomenae , florus was appointed to replace lucceius albinus as procurator by the emperor nero due to his wife 's friendship with nero 's wife poppaea .
if the defender does any harm of the kind specified in the initial writ , the pursuer may ( with the consent of the procurator fiscal ) raise an action for " contravention of lawburrows " asking that the money , or bond , be forfeited and divided equally between the crown and himself .
his description of construction of the aqueducts needed to prospect for gold - bearing ore by removing overburden and work the alluvial deposits bears the hall marks of the eye - witness , and he served as procurator in northern hispania when the region in 73 ad was experiencing a gold rush .
the ministry was headed by the minister ( who was at the same time senate procurator general )
julius caesar appointed antipater to be procurator of judea in 47 bce and he appointed his sons phasael and herod to be governors of jerusalem and galilee respectively .
she is the first woman , first procurator fiscal , and the first solicitor to be appointed to the post .
his brother , vincent bigot was active in the missions at the same time and rose to the position of superior general and , subsequently , the procurator of canadian missions .
the prime responsibility for the investigation into the bombing of pan am flight 103 fell to jimmy mcdougall , the procurator fiscal in the nearby town of dumfries , and to the dumfries & galloway police force – the force with the fewest officers in britain .
the harsh , emphatically descending chordal theme with which the symphony begins apparently arose in the composer 's mind at a mass rally in which he heard the soviet procurator nikolai kirolenko conclude his speech with the call ' death , death to the enemies of the revolution ! '
the procurator of san marco today .
marcellus served as provincial procurator , collecting taxes , generally managing britain 's finances and possibly overseeing the appropriation of private land to the emperor 's " res privata " .
arthur leaves her in the care of his nephew , mordred while he crosses over to europe to go to war with the ( fictitious ) roman procurator lucius hiberius .
he was replaced by a roman procurator , and his territory re - organized as the roman province of iudaea .
in 1868 , he became a senator , in 1874 - a member of the council of the empire , and in 1880 - chief procurator of the holy synod .
a few months later , in the " protocol book of james harlaw 1547 - 1585 " , there is an instrument of august 10 , 1547 , where thomas sinclair of northrig again acted as procurator for robert lauder of the bass .
when pompey was defeated by julius caesar , hyrcanus was succeeded by his courtier antipater the idumaean , also known as antipas , as the first roman procurator .
for the majority of crimes in scotland a procurator fiscal or fiscal depute presents the case for the prosecution in the sheriff and justice of the peace courts , and the case for the defence is presented either by the accused 's own solicitor or by one from the public defence solicitors ' office , a part of the scottish legal aid board .
when boudica 's army attacked camulodunum ( colchester ) , the inhabitants sent to the procurator for help , but he sent only two hundred men .
once he passed the examination for a legal procurator , he was registered with the court of appeals of l'aquila in june 1927 .
giovanni baptista was a " procurator of st mark 's " , a high office in the republic of venice , which entitled him to accommodation in st mark 's square .
it 's at the discretion of the procurator fiscal , advocate depute or lord advocate to take a prosecution to court , and to decide on whether or not to prosecute it under solemn procedure or summary procedure .
a fiscal procurator worked alongside the " legatus augusti pro praetore " ( imperial governor ) of his province but was not subordinate to him , reporting directly to the emperor .
highton qualified as a lawyer , procurator and notary in 1966 at the university of buenos aires ( uba ) .
the counter - facade has a grandiose monument to jacopo foscarini who was a procurator of san marco , admiral of the fleet , and whose family palace lies across the canal .
these officers consist of the grand master ( president ) , grand procurator ( first vice president ) , grand master of ceremonies ( second vice president ) , grand scribe ( secretary ) , grand treasurer , and two guards ( sergeants - at - arms ) .
a public procurator is an office used in socialist judicial systems which , in some ways , corresponds to that of a public prosecutor in other legal systems , but with more far - reaching responsibilities , such as handling investigations otherwise performed by branches of the police .
