though the present arrangements entail housing boys and girls within one building , great care is taken to ensure that interaction across the genders remains within the bounds of propriety .
the lone democrat to show support for burris ' nomination was chair of the united states senate committee on rules and administration diane feinstein , who recognized the propriety of the appointment based on the statutory authority of the illinois governor .
social propriety required certain rules of the day to be followed , and stone was often referred to in print as " mrs. henry blackwell " or lucy stone blackwell .
in 1856 , rome approved the constitutions of holy cross for the men . doubting the propriety of a mixed congregation of men and women , rome separated the women into an independent community at that time .
" there have been questions raised about the wisdom and propriety of placing these two men in the same unit , since prison officials had been warned by another inmate that druce had something planned .
politicians from both parties opined on the propriety of the fund and on what nixon should do , most in accord with their political affiliation .
the controversy was not about the right of kovel or pluto to publish the work , rather , critics challenged was the propriety of a university press distributing books that did not meet stricter academic review and approval guidelines .
morality and propriety differences related to the premarital sex and the possibilities of ill - timed pregnancies , consist of the more imposing conflicts , and the ones proving impossible to resolve .
for a prussian official to venture to give uncalled - for advice to his sovereign was a breach of propriety not calculated to increase his chances of favor ; but it gave gentz a conspicuous position in the public eye , which his brilliant talents and literary style enabled him to maintain .
they are also able to be true to their notions of grammatical propriety .
in february 2007 , it was reported that riel planned to create a new foundation that would protect green spaces such as the boucher forest in the aylmer sector including plans of acquiring space that are propriety of private firms .
this was partly because of concerns over the propriety of life classes with nude models ' special arrangements were often made for female students until the 20th century .
this contract was based on the basic confucian ideas of the five elements or precepts ; benevolence ( " in " ) , righteousness ( " i " ) , propriety ( " li " ) , wisdom ( " chi " ) , and sin ( " hsin " ) or earth ( " song " ) .
the committee 's work was further made difficult by there being no specific rule that governed the propriety of members intervening with federal regulators .
also if it ' ( ii ) exploits the nudity of persons or children or both ' and contravenes ' ( d ) the standards of morality , decency and propriety that are generally accepted by reasonable members of the community . '
he is not one of those indians who drink rum , but is quite a gentleman ; not one who will make you fine bows , but one who understands and practises what belongs to propriety and good - breeding .
there is no problem if the server determines the propriety of the request itself , only putting the data on the wire if the request is proper .
it has as a basis the family , work , propriety and public order . ”
in 1940 , the congress enacted the smith act , which made it illegal to advocate " the propriety of overthrowing or destroying any government in the united states by force and violence . "
the whig ministry , then slowly but surely losing the support of the country , were divided in opinion as to the propriety of prosecuting this zealous parson .
others criticize the event - based nature of the concept ; there is a tendency for the concept to be invoked in the heat of action , to give the appearance of propriety for western television viewers , and to neglect the conflicts that are forgotten by the media or occur based on chronic distresses rather than sudden crises .
putting this aside , collins was satisfied that " when the state of the colony and the nature of its inhabitants are considered , it must be agreed that the administration of public justice could not have been placed with so much propriety in any other hands . " this is particularly apt as it would have been difficult to find a jury of twelve men at the time ( most men in the colony being either military officers or convicts ) .
euripedes , conversely , used plays to challenge societal norms and mores — a hallmark of much of western literature for the next 2,300 years and beyond — and his works such as " medea " , " the bacchae " and " the trojan women " are still notable for their ability to challenge our perceptions of propriety , gender , and war .
the propriety of one judge writing a judgment under the name of another has never been determined .
also serving as the supreme commander starting september 1983 , general arthit at times challenged the propriety of key government policies .
announcing the delay , the " manchester observer " reported that the intention of the meeting was " to take into consideration the most speedy and effectual mode of obtaining radical reform in the common house of parliament " and " to consider the propriety of the ' unrepresented inhabitants of manchester ' electing a person to represent them in parliament " .
in some countries , such as france , the government both controls a large segment of the military industry , and also decides on the propriety of export .
the dispute was supposedly over the propriety of a share buy - back program , while others suggested that it was because stronach would not give tobin autonomy to operate .
there has been the refusal of the department of justice to provide the necessary clearances to permit its office of professional responsibility to determine the propriety of the legal advice given by the department of justice on the electronic surveillance program ...
his first murder case was in 1899 , and although he lost he was commended by the judge ( mr justice wills ) for the " great taste and propriety " of his final argument .
one of its terms of reference dealt specifically with the propriety of the government 's decision in conferring private benefits at taxpayers ' expense .
? i may give an occasional support to mr pitt ... ; i do and mean to give such support to the measure of the present war , to its propriety , its necessity , its justice ... ; but systematically i continue to be , and am , in opposition to him and his ministry : there exists many a knotty point to be adjusted between him and me , many difficulties very important in their nature to be smoothed , much obliteration of facts not easy to be affected , and the general face of things strangely to be altered , before i retire from my watch upon his ministry .... [ burke has ] delivered himself over into the hands of pitt , formally and professedly , last november ....
indecency is to be interpreted by a jury , who should apply the recognised standards of propriety .
the duty of the directors was principally to visit the school , and to wait upon careless parents to urge upon them the propriety of securing to their children the advantages which it offered .
leibowitz asserted that , without the guidance of the outcome of those appeals as to the constitutional propriety of the alabama jury selection process , the remaining trials " would be but a futile gesture " .
andrew carnegie offered to endow a $ 25,000.00 annual pensions for former chief executives in 1912 , but congressman questioned the propriety of such a private pension .
the architectonic complex has also an aquarium , a colonnade , a concrete pergola , pillars , flower vases , ceramic - panelled benches around the main house and a big rounded pergola by a long staircase in the middle of the propriety .
he concluded that although the situation at hand was " tragic " , the courts were not at liberty to question the propriety of decisions made by the parliament of australia on moral or human rights grounds , given the absence of a bill of rights in australia .
pharmaceutical company glaxosmithkline ( gsk ) markets the drug under the propriety names tykerb ( mostly us ) and tyverb ( mostly europe ) .
wilce 's " combination of medicine and football , " and a sense of propriety that reflected his english heritage and led him to try to reform the speech of his players on and off the field , led him to coin the phrase " intestinal fortitude . " haber ( 1955 ) records the story of the coinage — the idea first coming to dr. wilce on the way to the lecture he was about to present on anatomy and physiology at ohio state in 1916 , his first use of the phrase in public ( in a lecture to his team ) , and how he began to hear the phrase used by others .
to avoid drilling the scope rail , the propriety rail mounting systems have special shape connections machined in the inside of the rail .
the fec had challenged the propriety of the christian coalition 's distribution of voter guides , on the grounds it had been too closely tied to large corporate donors .
queen mary was known for setting the tone of the british royal family , as a model of regal formality and propriety , especially during state occasions .
in his report of his investigation of the massacre , superintendent for indian affairs in utah territory , jacob forney said : " i [ ... made ] strict inquiry relative to the general behavior and conduct of the company towards the people of this territory ... , and am justified in saying that they conducted themselves with propriety . "
a second nlrb hearing , focused on the propriety of the " news - press " firing of reporter melinda burns and other issues , originally scheduled for mar. 12 , 2007 was delayed .
for example , marianne reasonably discusses propriety and elinor passionately loves edward .
the rebel , part i : propriety vs. verity .
however , for the sake of propriety he went on a voluntary leave of absence on november 1 while this matter was investigated by abs - cbn .
this was reflected in ongoing debate over the propriety of butch and femme dress and role play among its members .
according to the historical record , " zuo zhuan " , the ancient xia dynasty of central china was a state that held propriety and justice in high esteem , thus the word " xia " ( 夏 ) , which has the meaning of " great " or " grand " , was used by subsequent dynasties to refer to the entire country as a mark of refined culture .
pinchot praised glavis as a " patriot " , openly rebuked taft , and asked for congressional hearings into the propriety of ballinger 's dealings .
in 2008 , the " pittsburgh tribune review " questioned the necessity of the port authority of allegheny county 's lobbying contract with greenlee partners and raised questions about the propriety of greenlee 's relationship with house transportation committee chairman rick geist .
ohio business college is a two - year propriety , taxpaying institution owned by tri - state educational systems , inc. with corporate headquarters located in middletown , ohio .
in 1774 , the bishop published anonymously an outspoken declaration in favour of religious toleration in a pamphlet entitled " considerations on the propriety of requiring subscription to articles of faith " .
the form may , with more propriety , be called an oval , being thirty - five yards in one direction , and thirty - three yards in another , in which respect it assimilates exactly to that of rollrich ; but what distinguishes this from all other druidical remains of a similar nature , is the rectangular enclosure on the eastward side of the circle , including a space of about eight feet by four .
in general , taoist propriety and ethics place an emphasis on the unity of the universe , the unity of the material world , and the spiritual world , the unity of the past , present and future ; three jewels of the tao ; love , moderation , humility .
no wrongdoing has been alleged but some have questioned the propriety of this deal , especially in light of wong ’s investments in the educational software firm that bush co - founded .
her article questioning the propriety of public subsidies given to glamorous cultural events in general and the bayreuth festival in particular ( at present "
the charter allowed the traditional propriety rights and imposed the fewest restrictions upon his powers .
the purpose of the scrutiny of bills committee is to assess " legislative proposals against a set of accountability standards that focus on the effect of proposed legislation on individual rights , liberties and obligations , and on parliamentary propriety " .
the rx guardian process combines laboratory testing with propriety methods of analysis to help physicians determine if their chronic pain patients are taking their medications consistent with their prescribed pain regimen .
in some cases , even the parents of the ineligible players assumed appropriate identities to maintain the appearance of propriety .
across the country , preachers and editorial writers argued over the propriety of a party that would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars .
a hearing may be held on the issue of the propriety of an application for a continuance .
non - propriety etodolac is also available
as a young man he thoroughly embodied his family ’s social pretensions and their snobbish behaviour towards their poor relations , the tennysons of somersby ; but in later years the mutual dislike between him and his famous cousin thawed , and he gave alfred advice on the law of propriety of accepting the peerage offered to him in 1883 .
price - volume fluctuation ( pvflux ) is a propriety indicator developed by premier market research in 2000 .
previous to that dr alamouti was in charge of propriety arbitrage trading at solomon brothers int .
when i say well groomed , well shaven , well perfumed , it 's a propriety that i am insisting on among the young .
while the term is still widely used by those who keep such animals , it is too ambiguous to be of any scholarly usefulness , especially since the meaning of hawk differs between america and europe ; thus , the term 's propriety ( or lack thereof ) depends entirely upon context .
in other cases , modern orthodox leaders are considered to have passed the bounds of religious propriety and condemned for this in severe terms , since those leaders , unlike reform and conservative rabbis , are believed to have the requisite learning and should know better .
in 1647 the want of a definition of “ great ponds ” was supplied ... that no town shall appropriate to any particular person or persons any great pond containing more than ten acres of land , and that no man shall come upon another 's propriety [ sic ] without their leave .
shulman suggested that , even by the 1970s , television was shaping the ideas of propriety and appropriateness in the countries the medium blanketed .
there have been questions raised about the wisdom and propriety of placing these two men in the same unit , since prison officials had been warned by another inmate druce had something planned .
the notoriety of punk rock in the uk was furthered by a televised incident that was widely publicized in the tabloid press ; appearing on a london tv show called " thames today " , guitarist steve jones of the sex pistols was goaded into a verbal altercation by the host , bill grundy , swearing at him on live television in violation of at the time accepted standards of propriety .
during the debates in the 1780s about the propriety of providing financial support to the churches , those who favored state patronage of religion urged their legislators , in the words of petitioners from amherst county , virginia , in 1783 , not " to think it beneath your dignity to become nursing fathers of the church . "
a moleskin is also a flesh coloured piece of adhesive cloth used in filmmaking to cover up genitals in order to maintain propriety in non - explicit nude scenes ( i. e. ones where nudity is suggested but not shown ) .
philips died of smallpox in the year marriot 's edition appeared ; the book inspired a debate on whether philips intended her work to appear in print , and on the propriety of publishing women 's writing .
" kaylee has a heart - to - heart talk with simon and briefly makes him worry about his propriety after the previous night 's party .
khokhlova ’s insistence on social propriety clashed with picasso ’s bohemian tendencies and the two lived in a state of constant conflict .
as proceedings developed , the proceedings have brought to light questions concerning the propriety of the sale of bc rail to cn rail and the conduct of various government officials and consultants as well as the role of various members of the government , including premier gordon campbell and his advisers .
in these works , mirbeau unsettled traditional novelistic conventions , practicing the technique of collage , transgressing the code of verisimilitude and fictional credibility , and defying the hypocritical rules of propriety .
it was , as it were , that the ; of eager language the crown of a noble and dignified behavior , and compelled the gentleman , both in his ordinary bearing and in exceptional moments to observe external propriety .
the court ruled that " nothing improper has been found in her , only good humility , chastity , piety , propriety , simplicity . "
popular opinion about the propriety of cigars forced seminary administrators to have the painting changed .
despite the plaintiffs ' previous position regarding standing and the propriety of the federal court forum for their case , the court furthermore stated that because the plaintiffs were now asserting standing , the burden was on them to establish it .
women ’s liberation movements ” , the southern baptist convention , along with several other historically conservative baptist groups , began corporately asserting the propriety of what it deemed " traditional gender roles " .
in the lead - up to the 2007 gnome foundation elections , waugh was strongly criticised by gnome developer murray cumming for obstructing gnome project efforts , with opinion among the gnome community divided as to the merits of cumming 's accusations and the propriety of publishing them as a public weblog entry .
in response to the controversy raging in his diocese , thomas morton , bishop of chester , asked the king for a ruling on the propriety of sunday sports .
in 1856 , rome approved the constitutions of holy cross for the men . doubting the propriety of a mixed congregation of men and women , rome separated the women into an independent community at that time .
• dress in a manner which reflects purpose and propriety ;
the propriety of leading questions generally depends on the relationship of the witness to the party conducting the examination .
furthermore , both saw that it was very important to try to be a moral person ; developing wisdom , loyalty , filial piety , compassion for humanity , and propriety ; they lead to a better moral in society in general .
the charter allowed the traditional propriety rights and imposed the fewest restrictions upon his powers .
the joint committee standards are broken into four sections : " utility , feasibility , propriety , " and " accuracy " .
another point raised by the defendants , not affecting the jurisdiction of the court but the propriety of its taking jurisdiction , is that the complainant ought to have paid the taxes which are conceded to be due to the city for the year 1880 .
bork 's lawsuit has been criticized as hypocritical , given his public stances on tort reform and the propriety of personal injury suits .
opinions are divided on the propriety of panshin 's research techniques and of heinlein 's response .
in its thirty - fourth annual report , the society acclaimed the news as " a great moral demonstration of the propriety and necessity of state action ! "
the most popular on highway detroit diesel engine was the 12.7-liter , and the on highway engines were electronically controlled by the propriety detroit diesel electronic control ( ddec ) system .
whether this narrowness is bertolucci 's intent or merely a symptom of the narrowness some critics accuse him of , he has used the controversy aroused by his films iconoclastically to encourage people to reconsider themselves and their society ; he is often considered successful in pushing back the boundaries of propriety .
he comments on isaiah 1:18 - 19 and says , " the above words can therefore be with propriety applied only to those who feel their guilt through the inwrought work of the holy ghost . "
in his statement , turner accepted nosenko 's assertion that the soviets had no connection with lee harvey oswald and , referring to the nosenko 's solitary confinement : " the excessively harsh treatment of mr. nosenko went beyond the bounds of propriety or good judgment .
he was responsible for its well - being , reputation and legal and moral propriety .
thomas corser , wrote : " there is a smoothness and grace , as well as force and propriety , in bancroft 's poetical language , which have not , as we think , been sufficiently noticed . "
convinced that any concessions to the convenience of the public were an affront to jehovah , the witnesses refused to observe the usual constraints of time , place , or propriety that were imposed by local authorities .
but how to decide if it fails the requirements for propriety discussed above ?
blackwall 's last work was " the sacred classics defended and illustrated , or , an essay humbly offered towards proving the purity , propriety , and true eloquence of the writers of the new testament " ( 1725 ) .
considerations on the propriety of imposing taxes in the british colonies . " which argued against taxation without representation .
the title " yili " combines the chinese words " yi " 儀 " demeanor ; appearance ; etiquette ; ceremony ; rite ; present ; gift ; apparatus " and " li " 禮 " ceremony ; rite ; ritual ; courtesy ; etiquette ; manners ; propriety ; social customs " .
for when she closed by singing a hymn that might with propriety be termed a prayer ... her voice was so melodious , and her face beamed with such heavenly goodness as to resemble a transfiguration , and you were compelled to accord them all to her .
5 . shows respect , refinement , and propriety in dealing with superiors , peers and others
decency is defined as the quality of being decent ; propriety .
drawing on classical sources , petrarch expounded on refinement in taste and intellect , on finesse and propriety in speech and style .
such innovations ensured the commercial success of the newspaper , though not without controversy as some felt that the use of woodcuts to illustrate their coverage of the radlett murder as exceeding the bounds of propriety .
when elmire arrives , she proceeds to make confession , admitting to having driven her lover to despair by feigning indifference in deference to social propriety .
if we represent the elements of class("i " ) by intervals reduced to those between the unison and ω , we may order them as usual , and so define propriety by stating that " i " < " j " for generic classes entails class("i " ) < class("j " ) .
opinions on the nature of the eucharist and thus on the propriety of adoration of the blessed sacrament vary in the anglican tradition ( " see anglican eucharistic theology " ) , but many anglo catholics practice adoration in the manner of the roman catholic church .
the court said the tribunal had no business “ attempt[ing ] to assess the theological propriety of what was asserted at the seminar . ”
the propriety of her behaviour in this situation was disputed by commentators ; some — including anna akhmatova and marina tsvetayeva — veiledly or overtly blamed pushkin 's death on her , feeling that she could not understand his greatness and failed to take an appropriate interest in his art .
as economic and trade expansion burgeoned , leaders began to question the propriety and wisdom of what they variously described as " mere economism , " an " export - first policy , " and the " commercial motives of aid . "
four days later , on 23 december 2004 , baikalfinansgrup was purchased by rosneft , causing considerable controversy as to the propriety of the auction .
he did issue orders before the capture of the city enjoining propriety of conduct upon his troops and later he issued further orders to the same purport .
he had set out to defend the biblical epic , the christian epic , and the propriety of christian machines in epic , and no rules or authority could deter him .
the political usefulness of such an institution implies neither mechanical insincerity nor lack of questioning about its meaning and propriety : an empire - wide , unifying cult would necessarily be open to a multitude of personal interpretations but its significance to ordinary romans is almost entirely lost in the critical interpretations of a small number of philosophically literate , skeptical or antagonistic romans and greeks , whether christian or hellene .
bill has this great sense of propriety .
anthony kenny notes that the editions prepared by clough 's wife , blanche , have " been criticized ... for omitting , in the interests of propriety , significant passages in " dipsychus " and other poems . "
the scene shifts to a huge party the gods are having in hell , where ambrosia , nectar , and propriety are nowhere to be seen ( " vive le vin !
the naval discharge review board ( ndrb ) is a board established by the united states department of the navy before which members of the united states navy and the united states marine corps can challenge the propriety of the terms of their discharge from the military .
the assembly language is assembled using a propriety assembler , and a c compiler ( wcc ) exists to compile c code into wramp machine code .
[ ... ] when the propriety of obnoxious or unfamiliar view about government is in reality made the crucial issue , [ ... ] prejudice makes conviction inevitable except in the rarest circumstances . "
may is torn between desire and propriety : " … if i ’d only known you as you are now .
the merits of plaintiffs ' claims pose important questions relating to the propriety of actions undertaken by our highest government officials .
in relevant part , the statute - enacted in 1919 during the first red scare - proscribed " advocat[ing ] ... the duty , necessity , or propriety of crime , sabotage , violence , or unlawful methods of terrorism as a means of accomplishing industrial or political reform " and " voluntarily assembl[ing ] with any society , group or assemblage of persons formed to teach or advocate the doctrines of criminal syndicalism . "
the athletics department investigation report had commended the propriety of the football program , but university chancellor john b. slaughter did not offer his vocal support for ross until a month later .
they could not be kept indoors by either the authority of the magistrates or the orders of their husbands or their own sense of propriety .
xiao yan zi has her own troubles in the forbidden city , as her outlandish behaviour and lack of sense of propriety offends the empress .
voltaire described the play as " written in opposition to the founder of a false and barbarous sect to whom could i with more propriety inscribe a satire on the cruelty and errors of a false prophet " .
impressed by lu dongzan 's propriety in interacting with him , he also , over lu dongzan 's own objection -- that he already had a wife and that it would be inappropriate for him to marry before his king -- gave lady duan , the granddaughter of princess langye , to lu dongzan as a wife as well .
gracious living and social propriety were skewered in jones and hare 's " etiquette blues . "
although it specifically targets " a room with a view " , " chariots of fire " , " maurice " , " a passage to india " , and many other films , in a more general way " stiff upper lips " satirises popular perceptions of certain edwardian traits : propriety , sexual repression , xenophobia , and class snobbery .
banks still have quite a bit of leeway in fashioning loan agreements , but when a bank clearly steps over the bounds of propriety , the plaintiff is compensated with treble damages .
toward the end of the 19th century , however , doubts began to grow on the propriety of anchoring the existence of the collection of sayings in the testimony of papias , so a neutral symbol q ( which was devised by johannes weiss based on the german " quelle " , meaning " source " ) was adopted to remain neutrally independent of the collection of sayings and its connection to papias .
he was the first labour politician to resign over questions of propriety , in his farewell speech to the house of commons , he said " i have not at any time in the course of my official duties been conscious of any deviation from the path of morality or rectitude .
criminal courts judge paul p. biebel jr. presided over the determination of the need of a review to determine the propriety of criminal charges and the appointment of the special prosecutor .
although building missionaries were expected not to date , nor engage with intimacy or familiarity , they were , nevertheless , encouraged to " build meaningful relationships " with members of the opposite sex , but were expected to do so only in group settings and within the propriety of their calling .
repton was bound to add : " he was inferior to none in what related to the comfort , convenience , taste and propriety of design , in the several mansions and other buildings which he planned " . "
in conjunction with president william jefferson clinton 's impeachment , which i supported , i then held a different view regarding the propriety or legitimacy of censure .
initially unsuccessful and subject to various setbacks , these efforts eventually succeeded in overturning the school 's decision not to allow the club , although the propriety of other actions by the school was upheld .
due to the concept of filial piety and following rites of propriety , marriage was a costly affair and seen as second only to funeral ceremonies .
in addition , specific protests were raised regarding the nomination of ncca executive director guidote - alvarez , because it was purportedly a breach of protocol and propriety , and of carlo caparas , because protestors assert that he is not qualified to be nominated under either the " visual arts " or " film " categories in which he was proclaimed to the order .
dushyanta 's failure to recognise shakuntala is in fact a ploy to have his subjects accept her as his true wife , since he had feared rumors might otherwise have arisen as to the propriety of the marriage .
questions arose as to the propriety of certain actions taken by the national security council staff and the manner in which the decision to transfer arms to iran had been made .
the excellency of this extraordinary man lay in the propriety , beauty , and majesty of his characters , his judicious contrivance of his composition , correctness of drawing , purity of taste , and the skilful accommodation of other men ’s conceptions to his own purpose .
indecency is to be interpreted by a jury , who should apply the recognised standards of propriety .
social critics also question the propriety of devoting huge research budgets towards creating these drugs when far more dangerous diseases like cancer and aids remain uncured .
the propriety of using native american mascots and images in sports has been a topic of debate in the united states and canada since the 1960s .
if this be so , i strongly doubt the propriety of my assuming the exercise of jurisdiction in the case before me . "
voltaire described the play as " written in opposition to the founder of a false and barbarous sect to whom could i with more propriety inscribe a satire on the cruelty and errors of a false prophet " .
thirty - seven years after brooks declared war on taste and propriety , ' the producers ' has lost its power to shock or offend , but it 's retained its ability to amuse . "
in so doing he would give them the glory which the father has given him ; and when his disciples are made one with the father and son , as the father and the son are one , who can not see the propriety of the saviour 's saying—'the works that i do shall he do also ; and greater works than these shall he do ; because i go unto my father . ' ( john 14:12 )
a testimonial to his posterity is that he was analyzed by 19th century critics such as charles neaves , who even two centuries later found carew on the sensuous border of propriety .
the order was placed with an australian company , international aluminum supply ( ias ) , which was associated with kam kiu propriety limited , a subsidiary of the chinese company that would do the manufacturing .
secondly , he has a sense of order and propriety : he is not advocating war just because he wants to go to war or because of injustice in the land ; the injustice has long been there , but glenstorm has been waiting patiently for the time to be right .
in the course of the 19th century consecutive fifths became more common , arising out of new textures and new conceptions of propriety in voice leading generally .
underdetermination claimed propriety in the twentieth century with the famous work of thomas s. kuhn , a theoretical physicist turned philosopher .
he added : `` i am instructed to emphasise that the director 's concern to defend the propriety of the decision to charge the two accused does not in any sense detract from the fact , which is fully and ungrudgingly accepted by the director , that the two accused are entitled to be presumed innocent of all the charges which were brought , not only those of which they were acquitted by the jury but also of those which were set aside and which are not to be the subject of further proceedings . "
he recalls that uncle willoughby is finishing a history of the wooster family , and that despite his present appearance of seemliness and propriety , he was " a bit of a bounder " in his youth .
she has a keen sense of propriety and is horrified by the thought of overstepping her station .
he later expanded this chapter , " of the community and propriety of the seas " , into a full work entitled " de dominio maris " ( 1615 ) .
specific protests were raised regarding the nomination of ncca executive director guidote - alvarez , because it was purportedly a breach of protocol and " delicadeza " ( propriety ) , and of carlo caparas , because he was allegedly not qualified to be nominated under the categories of either visual arts or film .
ramón rivero was baptized as arturo ramón máximo ortiz del rivero , but later , due to a petition from his father ( because another son was a priest , and having a comedian in the family ran against propriety ) , he changed his name to ramón rivero , before adding the nickname " diplo . "
emperor wu saw midi and was impressed by his propriety , tall stature , and how healthy and strong the horses under midi 's care were .
mohammed 's name had come up because the propriety of a loan of $ 1,500,000 he got from the central bank was questioned because he was friends with the bank 's president , abdul rahman zahid .
the court would later use this same proportionality test to evaluate the propriety of the death penalty for felony murder ( except for the actual killer ) , mentally retarded offenders , juvenile offenders , and eventually all crimes except murder and crimes against the state .
i would diffuse among the people instructions on the five great points , and lead them on by the rules of propriety and music , so that they should not care to fortify their cities by walls and moats , but would fuse their swords and spears into implements of agriculture .
in the summer of 2007 blank was at the centre of a disagreement between members of the council of the university of oxford and members of the congregation of the university , over the propriety of re - electing lay members of council for extended periods .
" life studies " broke new ground : the reviewer in " the kenyon review " saw clearly what new thing had been achieved : " for these poems , the question of propriety no longer exists .
the.416 taylor is a saami standardized cartridge , which is now a propriety cartridge of a - square company , inc. ( a one time voting member of saami ) .
the commissioners also hear and determine appeals in cases of concern about propriety and conscience raised by civil servants under the civil service code which can not be resolved through internal procedures .
mainstream minstrelsy continued to emphasize its propriety , but traditional troupes adopted some of these elements in the guise of the female impersonator .
the bankruptcy has dealt a severe blow to ssi units in kanpur , who were engaged in feeding critical and propriety items to lml since early 80 's , with many closing down or facing huge financial burden on themselves .
on a more prosaic level , moore indicts the inequalities of victorian society , contrasting gull and the wealthy circles he moves in with the hand - to - mouth existence of the women he targets ; the moral disgust shown at the peccadilloes of the poor with the depths to which the rich are prepared to sink in order to protect the image of propriety ; the imaginary anti - semitic conspiracy theories which divert the police 's investigations with the real conspiracy that controls them .
the locus of the protected speech activity , whether " pure speech " or not , may have an impact on the propriety of regulation by school officials .
propriety government ( 1664 - 1685 ) .
this allows the fan to be quieter , but does not allow it to be mounted in the reverse position or for non - propriety fans to be put in its place .
he had offered to purchase them for $ 2 a share over a 15-year period through his company national exchange propriety limited .
what is particularly distinctive about his approach is his postulation of a number of “ norms in a positivist sense ” , of which 10 common contract norms apply to all contracts : ( i ) role integrity ; ( ii ) reciprocity ( or ‘ mutuality’ ) ; ( iii ) implementation of planning ; ( iv ) effectuation of consent ; ( v ) flexibility ; ( vi ) contractual solidarity ; ( vii ) the ‘ linking norms’ ( restitution , reliance and expectation interests ) ; ( viii ) the power norm ( creation and restraint of power ) ; ( ix ) propriety of means ; and ( x ) harmonization with the social matrix .
pryor said that although he agreed with the propriety of displaying the ten commandments in a courthouse , he was bound to follow the court order and uphold the rule of law .
wolfe responds that horan is not his mentor in propriety and ethics , but that he intends to earn it .
in legal usage , " quid pro quo " indicates that an item or a service has been traded in return for something of value , usually when the propriety or equity of the transaction is in question .
at the time , there was often heated debate over the propriety and even legitimacy of women dancing the morris , even though there is evidence as far back as the 16th century that there were female morris dancers .
together , these ensured the propriety of federal laws .
the supreme administrative court of the czech republic ( ) is the court of highest authority on issues of procedural and administrative propriety .
in a memo explaining his decision to rule against hawaiian 's request for a preliminary injunction , u.s. bankruptcy judge robert faris wrote that e - mail made public during hawaiian airlines lawsuit " raises real doubts about the propriety of mesa 's conduct . "
because the brand " chiquititas " was propriety of the channel , she could not produce the program she created and directed in any other station .
the jury should apply the standard of decency which ordinary right - thinking members of the public would set - the " recognised standards of propriety " as r v stamford [ 1972 ] puts it .
shan hai jing - chapter 1 " nanshan jing " records each part of fenghuang 's body symbolizes a word , the head represents virtue ( ) , the wing represents duty ( ) , the back represents propriety ( ) , the abdomen says belief ( ) and the chest represents mercy ( ) .
since by our ( human ) nature , we seek to maximize our well being , rights are prior to law , natural or institutional , and people will not follow the laws of nature without first being subjected to a sovereign power , without which all ideas of right and wrong are rendered insignificant - " therefore before the names of just and unjust can have place , there must be some coercive power , to compel men equally to the performance of their covenants ... , to make good that propriety , which by mutual contract men acquire , in recompense of the universal right they abandon : and such power there is none before the erection of the commonwealth . "
in confucianism the term " ritual " ( ) was soon extended to include secular ceremonial behavior , and eventually referred also to the propriety or politeness which colors everyday life .
lowth 's chief aim , shared with that of most eighteenth century grammarians , was to present a standard english grammar that taught its readers to express themselves with " propriety " and to accurately evaluate constructions for correctness .
her " master " , who sees her as his propriety , demands her back .
first , although technically a victory for antigua , the $ 21 million was far less than the us$ 3.5 billion which had been sought ; one of the three arbitrators was sufficiently bothered by the propriety of this that he issued a dissenting opinion — an unprecedented move .
they are now the very essence of propriety , demurely - dressed and focused on their work of educating the soldiers .
the community at coldingham were not renowned for their moral propriety , and æbbe presumably had difficulties maintaining discipline .
the propriety of assimilation , and various paths toward it were among the earliest internal debates of the emancipation era , including whether and to what extent jews should relinquish their right to uniqueness in return for civic equality .
like the hero , the heroine ignores the standards of propriety when she chooses , yet also shelters lucilla from following her example , as annis thinks the younger woman lacks the experience to properly judge when it is appropriate to disregard society 's mores .
helen returns , alerted over the phone by don 's landlady who can hear his screams , and finding him in a delirious state , vows to look after him , spending the night for reasons of propriety ( and the production code ) on don 's couch .
honoring virtue and propriety .
" we do n't see eye to eye on that much politically , " she acknowledges , but " he did instill a certain sense of propriety and right and wrong in me , which plays into my fashion sensibility . "
they debate the meaning of human suffering , the existence of god , and the propriety of white 's attempted suicide .
“ left waingaroa this morning with heart overwhelmed with sorrow and not without some doubts relative to the propriety of the steps we are taking .
the defendant argued that the doctrine of equivalents was no longer appropriate for courts to use because congress had made some changes to the patent statute after the supreme court 's 1950 decision establishing the propriety of using the doctrine .
whatever the facts of the case , it is widely felt that justice sabharwal 's being active in such decisions when his sons were even partly involved in the delhi real estate business lacked propriety , and that he should have recused himself from these cases .
beyond having the right physical stature for the imposing , sandy - haired jefferson , mr. nolte captures the man 's vigor and his stiff sense of propriety .
the day after the wedding , he began to harbor doubts about the propriety of this second marriage , and ultimately ended it after two years of soul - searching , which included eighteen months of mutual sexual abstinence .
commissioner kuhn denied his request , citing the propriety of the reserve clause and its inclusion in flood 's 1969 contract .
if a member received a gift in services — like a visit to a relative who was a dentist or a trip abroad paid for by a parent — there could be arguments at members ' meetings about the propriety of accepting such a gift .
harry answered : " i think the directors could give away 100 percent of the foundation with complete propriety . "
the barrels are cryogenic stress reliefed end partly helically fluted which reduces weight whilst maintaining strength and contains a detachable propriety stainless steel muzzle brake which reduces the recoil .
the court granted the plaintiff 's motion , agreeing that the nsls violated the fourth amendment because their use " effectively bars or substantially deters any judicial challenge to the propriety of an nsl request " .
isaak cruikshank ’s " dividing the spoil ! ! " ( 1796 ) leverages a scathing commentary on the propriety the faro ladies have literally gambled away .
in principle , mary shelley believed in publishing every last word of her husband 's work ; but she found herself obliged to omit certain passages , either by pressure from her publisher , edward moxon , or in deference to public propriety .
together with the other three volumes of the four books , it taught the basic confucian values including propriety ( 禮/礼 ) , righteousness , loyalty , and filial piety , all centered about the central thought of confucius – humanity .
a familiar exchange takes lace , may ’s propriety underlined by her coyness .
however , concerns were already being expressed , including by the judiciary , at the propriety of a cabinet minister sitting as a professional judge , and his successor , lord falconer , never performed such a role , even before his right to do so was abolished .
the nun 's appearance before the media sparked off a hot debate among the clergy and the laity about the church 's propriety in making her do so .
so influential was he , that , in 1023 , king sancho iii of navarre consulted him on the propriety of marrying his sister urraca to her second cousin alfonso v of león .
when his daughter got married in june 2008 , he publicly broke with korean wedding traditions by refusing gifts of cash , out of concern for the propriety of a person in his official position accepting such gifts from people in the sector he was supposed to regulate .
funding has been the difficult issue for many of these local rhios as well as how best to govern their operation given the propriety and sensitivity of the data .
the propriety and degree of assimilation of israeli jews and jews world wide has always been a significant and controversial issue within the modern israeli jewish community , with both political and religious skeptics .
in his report of his investigation of the massacre , superintendent for indian affairs in utah territory , jacob forney said : " i [ ... made ] strict inquiry relative to the general behavior and conduct of the company towards the people of this territory ... , and am justified in saying that they conducted themselves with propriety . "
director iain softley has made one of the rare movies that evokes not just the essence of a great novel but the experience of it ... " the wings of the dove " is , i think , a great film ... that confirms the arrival of major screen talents : director softley , who works with sublime sensitivity to the intricacies of self - deception ; bonham carter and roache , who create a dazzlingly intimate chemistry within the propriety of jamesian manners ; and " the spitfire grills alison elliott , who , with her beatific charm and mona lisa smile , does one of the most difficult things an actress can — she brings goodness itself to life . "
though there are no legal ramifications for disclosure , discretion on part of the lawyer may be in the long term interests of maintaining the propriety of the legal profession .
this has the effect of suggesting that the author had a real person in mind but omitted the full name for propriety 's sake .
the propriety rail systems use matching slide - in mount fasteners to connect the riflescope to the gun .
in many such depictions , mary magdalene is shown as having long hair which she wears down over her shoulders , while other women follow contemporary standards of propriety by hiding their hair beneath headdresses or kerchiefs .
she was very intelligent , lived out the dao through chants , poems , and practicing calligraphy and she was devoted to the rites and rules of propriety .
the heart is responsible for timely interaction and appropriate behaviour ( propriety ) .
when his choice of clothing was questioned , he replied , " you are all very stupid people not to see the propriety of it all .
she was known , however , for the sweetness of her disposition and the neatness and propriety of her dress , but she was also prone to sadness and depression , attributed by some to the fact that she never married .
" financial audit " the nao ’s financial audits give assurance over three aspects of government expenditure : the truth and fairness of financial statements ; the regularity ( or statutory validity ) of the expenditure , and ; the propriety of the audited body ’s conduct in accordance with parliamentary , statutory and public expectations .
numerous subscribers cancel subscriptions as a matter of propriety annually .
khomeini 's call to rise up against the shah took away any doubt in the minds of many devoted muslim women about the propriety of taking to the streets during the day or at night .
holt lost the state title in a loss to butch hajicek in fargo , north dakota in december 2005 , though questions were raised later about the propriety - even the legality - of having a minnesta state title fight outside of minnesota .
he defended his behaviour concerning his " kippah " by quoting the hebrew bible " in support of the propriety of the creature having his head covered in reverence to the creator .
rothenberg propriety .
other critics questioned the propriety of applying freudian analysis to third parties via native informants or posthumously .
in " the cabinet dictionary " of 1803 thomas sheraton gave a neoclassical design and observed that " a buffet may , with some propriety , be restored to modern use , and prove ornamental to a modern breakfast - room , answering as the china cabinet|repository of a tea equipage "
bani adam " ( son of adam ) or " bint adam " ( daughter of adam ) is used as a term for a " human being , " especially when reminding or admonishing people to " act like human beings " ( i.e. respect rules of politeness and propriety ) .
while under most circumstances , any festivities to which sertorius was invited were conducted with great propriety , this particular feast was vulgar , designed to offend the skillful general .
he supported socialist theory on the basis of religion , basic morals , and his beliefs of the negative effect of propriety on economic behavior .
the metrical chronicle of the kings of kashmir , called " rajatarangini , " has been pronounced by professor h.h.wilson to be the only sanskrit composition yet discovered to which the appellation " history " can with any propriety be applied .
tz ltd. ( ) , known previously by various other names , is a company that develops and licenses propriety technologies .
initially , the puritan conflict was not about opposition to the propriety and use of a service book .
