provisionally " malerisaurus " is regarded as close to " protorosaurus " .
the federal bureau of statistics provisionally valued this sector at rs.185,376 million in 2005 thus registering over 49% growth since 2000 .
to be legally recognized , a union must have the authorization of the public prosecutor , who can provisionally suspend a trade union at the request of the ministry of the interior if it believes that the union has not complied with the law .
the smoky - brown woodpecker , previously " v. fumigatus " , is now provisionally in the paraphyletic " picoides " , while two other species have been moved from there to the present genus .
on may 23 , 1839 , menéndez provisionally turned over power to colonel cañas .
the king provisionally supported him , but did not promise any direct aid to help him on his way to the throne of russia .
all ballot papers that express a preference greater than the preference allocated to the candidate whose surplus is to be distributed shall be distributed and re - allocated to the candidate that remains in the count ( excluding any candidate that has already been provisionally declared elected ) according to the next available sequentially highest preference recorded on the ballot paper .
nepenthes campanulata " is provisionally listed as data deficient on the 2006 iucn red list of threatened species .
after taking the opinions of the bishops in whose dioceses the brothers were labouring , pope leo xiii provisionally approved the congregation for five years by a rescript dated 6 january , 1888 , and on 8 september , 1893 , issued a decree of final confirmation , highly commending the good work hitherto accomplished by the brothers , approving of their rules and constitutions , granting them all the facilities and powers necessary for carrying on the duties of their congregation , constituting india and australia separate provinces , and imparting to the institute the apostolic benediction .
early in the year , they began working on a fourth album , provisionally titled " chemical four " .
on 8 june 2007 , stevenage borough announced that their pre - season campaign would provisionally consist of ten friendlies to open the 2007–08 season.<ref name="pre - season friendlies 2007/08 " > however , slight amendments were made to the list on 16 june .
it was granted accreditation provisionally in 2001 and finally in 2002 .
in 2003 , three engineers at the university of edinburgh published a paper in which they provisionally concluded that the fires alone ( without any damage from the airplanes ) could have been enough to bring down the wtc buildings .
by the convention of 1 september , 1884 , made between the curia and the federal council , ticino was canonically separated from its former diocesan connections and was placed provisionally , under an administrator apostolic , the pope appointing as administrator bishop lachat of basle ( see above ) .
for the royalists , the conference was to become an embryo national assembly that would name a provisional national executive of two royalists , two republicans and one neutral , to administer the country provisionally and to plan a plebiscite .
these are my impressions of dr. semmelweis 's experiences ; for these reasons i must judge provisionally that his opinions are not clear enough and his findings not exact enough to qualify as scientifically founded .
this is a yet - unnamed " powelliphanta " species , provisionally known as " powelliphanta " " nelson lakes " .
badan pusat statistik provisionally valued the communication industry at 87,941,600 million rupiahs in 2006 thus registering over 123% growth since 2003 .
production was provisionally ordered as the la-17 , but the production directive was not endorsed so production was abandoned .
the land provisionally assigned to the territory of new mexico that had been transferred from texas consisted of most of present - day eastern new mexico , a portion of present - day colorado , i.e. , that which is east of the crest of the rocky mountains , west of the 103rd meridian , and south of the 38th parallel , and a small portion of present - day wyoming .
this was provisionally signed off in july 2009 by the department for transport , with the caveat that individual schemes would still need to be assessed for value for money and compatibility with greenhouse gas emission targets .
in early march 2009 , obama proclaimed that us sanctions would be protracted provisionally for another year , because zimbabwe 's political crisis as yet unresolved .
as early as 1911 and 1912 , pollock was provisionally appointed twice as unofficial member of the executive council .
badan pusat statistik provisionally valued the electricity industry at 21,247,200 million rupiahs in 2006 thus registering over 51% growth since 2003 .
between 1703 and 1711 there was a large - scale uprising led by francis ii rákóczi , who after the dethronement of the habsburgs in 1707 at the diet of ónód , took power provisionally as the " ruling prince " of hungary for the wartime period , but refused the hungarian crown and the title " king " .
recognized provisionally by the college , yet awaiting full recognition through greek senate : psi sigma psi ( ψσψ)sorority and alpha beta chi ( abx ) sorority .
when novgorod submitted provisionally to the suzerainty of sweden , swedish statesmen had believed , for a moment , in the creation of a trans - baltic dominion extending northwards to archangelsk and eastwards to vologda .
the school has been provisionally accredited by the northwest association of accredited schools since 2006 .
a legal analysis performed by the international court of justice noted that the covenant of the league of nations had provisionally recognized the communities of palestine as independent nations .
tests conducted on after she was provisionally commissioned in 1996 revealed serious shortcomings in the submarine 's performance , including excessive hull noise and an ineffective combat system .
the provisionally reintegrated the new world vultures ( family cathartidae ) into falconiformes in 2007 .
it was discovered on 18 july 1999 by john j. kavelaars " et al . " and provisionally designated s/1999 u 1 .
these are my impressions of dr. semmelweis 's experiences ; for these reasons i must judge provisionally that his opinions are not clear enough and his findings not exact enough to qualify as scientifically founded .
the aircraft was refueled and the observed issues were repaired , at least provisionally .
in 1971 , the first locomotives were provisionally placed in the old engine shed , mulhouse - nord .
the species has been provisionally classified as low risk ( near threatened ) and receives protection under the wildlife and countryside act 1981 .
observations taken on 10 september revealed a moon in orbit around eris , provisionally designated .
a third film , provisionally titled " the world 's end " , is slated for the future .
since peel was then in italy , the duke of wellington was provisionally appointed prime minister .
they have been provisionally named s/2008 ( 216 ) 1 and s/2008 ( 216 ) 2 .
the 2010 competition has been provisionally assigned to be held from february 15 through february 20 , 2011 , in taipei , chinese taipei .
on august 10 , 2006 he was provisionally selected for england 's icc champions trophy initial squad of 30 , retaining his place in the final 14-man squad that was announced on september 12 .
teeth provisionally assigned to calamodon have been obtained from the lower tertiary deposits of switzerland .
mapping to unicode , however , has been modified for the 81 characters that were provisionally assigned a unicode pua code point in gbk 1.0 and that have later been encoded in unicode .
they have been provisionally placed in cucurbitales by some , but their affinities remain obscure .
for limits of date 400 - 150 bc may be regarded as approximately probable ; the two most important inscriptions -- those of brindisi and vaste may be assigned , provisionally , to the 3rd century bc .
amsaa became provisionally part of rdecom on 1 october 2002 in accordance with amc permanent orders 267 - 1 .
he was joined on the front row by raikkönen , who was fastest for most of the final session . provisionally sitting in third
the journalist moussa kaka was held over a year on charges stemming from a radio interview of rebel leaders , before being provisionally released .
on june 9 , 2009 it was announced that he had been provisionally suspended from racing following a positive drug test .
the three main points were abolition of the stadtholderate , permanent separation of the offices of captain - general of the union and stadtholder ( in all provinces ) , and the formal transfer of the prerogatives of the stadtholder of holland to the provincial states ( confirming the transfer that had provisionally been made in december , 1650 , after the death of william ii of orange ) .
the " titanic " , along with her sisters , the " olympic " and the soon to be built " britannic " ( provisionally named " gigantic " ) , were intended to be the largest and most luxurious ships to operate on the north atlantic , but not the fastest , as the white star line had already switched from high speed to size and luxury .
because of the uncertainty , most sources provisionally place illyrian on its own branch of indo - european , though its relation to other languages , ancient and modern , continues to be studied .
sale of the serial had been provisionally agreed with the canadian broadcasting corporation , and cartier wanted the material available to use in trailers and recaps .
the time of its construction is not known definitely ; several dates ranging from antiquity to the seventeenth century were suggested , although more recent works have provisionally favoured construction in the 6th century ad .
the decision to work with mardin came after the rso label rejected the brothers ' post-"life in a tin can " album , which had been provisionally entitled " a kick in the head is worth eight in the pants . "
someone suggested clann as dobhar , which was provisionally abbreviated to clannad .
" lust stained despair " is the second album by the finnish gothic metal band poisonblack . provisionally titled " the music for the junkies " by poisonblack frontman ville laihiala , the album was released in august 2006 after a three year hiatus due to the search for a new singer ( after the departure of juha - pekka leppäluoto ) .
xu " et al . " ( 2001 ) place " liaoningosaurus " within the nodosauridae , while vickaryous " et al . " ( 2004 ) have provisionally assigned it to the ankylosauria " incertae sedis " .
the u.s. , however , considers the compact to be an " internationally binding " agreement that has been concluded , and it thus pays an annual $ 15 million to the landowners , as agreed provisionally in the muora laid out in the 2003 compact renegotiation ; however , as this new lua has not been signed , the difference of roughly $ 4 million has been going into an escrow account .
this offer scaliger accepted provisionally .
in practice buford believes that the examined life can be as fruitless as the unexamined life , unless the examination of the unexamined life is undertaken both analytically and synoptically , with all results to be held provisionally under the test of practice itself .
order 394 - 81 - the government of québec provisionally transfers to the government of
he was provisionally banned for failing a doping control in 1974 while playing for estudiantes ( ba ) in the argentine 2nd division along with two teammates .
this run left him provisionally fifth in the world , but he failed to win a match in the remaining five tournaments and dropped to 14th at the end of the season as a result .
although several members expressed dissent , the cabinet decided " provisionally to agree to amendment of army act .
they consolidated the public debt and declared all existing taxes to have been illegally imposed , but voted in these same taxes provisionally , only as long as the assembly continued to sit .
the same year he published a pamphlet against feudal aids and the " gabelle " , for which he was denounced and arrested , but provisionally released .
on 31 march 1971 , 1,069 copies of the book were provisionally seized together with leaflets , posters , showcards and correspondence relating to its publication and sale .
the squadron was provisionally activated as operating location - a , 750th space group , on october 1 , 1992 .
the territory of novo belgio or new netherland , comprising the northeast 's largest rivers with access to the beaver trade , was provisionally a private , profit - making commercial enterprise focusing on cementing alliances and conducting trade with the diverse indian tribes .
upon receipt of the certificate , the medical council will entitle the provisionally registered doctor to apply for full registration in the general register of medical practitioners , subject to payment of a fee .
in 1992 , argonaut software and nintendo collaborated to produce a 3d space shooter for the super nintendo , provisionally titled ' snesglider ' .
in 1994 , commonwealth scientific and industrial research organisation ( csiro ) chief researchers peter last and john stevens recognized an undescribed australian swellshark with a variegated color pattern , which they provisionally named " cephaloscyllium " " sp . e " .
because of the influx of professional talent the southern league had , almost overnight , provisionally become a league division or , at least , a division of comparable strength to a league division .
nicole jufer and thierry luginbühl provisionally link catubodua with other apparently martial goddesses attested elsewhere , such as boudina , bodua , and boudiga , whose names share roots meaning either ' fighting ' or ' victory ' .
buchanan films a tree kangaroo , and helgen helps to identify a wallaby , a painted ringtail possum , a new cuscus subspecies ( similar to the silky cuscus ) , and a large new rat species provisionally named the bosavi woolly rat .
with this method it showed a minimum mass of 9.28 jupiter masses , and was initially assumed to be a planet and provisionally labelled " hd 33636 b " ( lower - case ) .
the name of the team was apparently derived from italian team trials in 1956 , when the provisionally named " blue team " beat the " red team " .
the alien registration ordinance ( 外国人登録令 , " gaikokujin - tōroku - rei " ) of 2 may 1947 , ruled that koreans and some taiwanese were to be provisionally treated as foreign nationals .
it is provisionally ranked as the 25th safest labour seat in the united kingdom , and the ninth safest labour seat in england .
kashmir was provisionally accepted into the indian union pending a free and impartial plebiscite .
its real name is provisionally translated from its glyph , as of 2003 , " ox witz ha " ( hispanicised , " oxhuitza " ) or " place of three hills " ; k'antumaak is also possible .
" it can also mean " a phrase applied to proceedings which are taken " ex parte " or provisionally and are allowed to stand as well done for the present . "
reports in september 2008 that filming of a follow up series in afghanistan was underway , and indicated that it as to be a two part series of 60 minutes each , to be provisionally titled " ross kemp : return to afghanistan " .
in a february 2009 interview with sean o'hagan of " the guardian " , bono stated that u2 would release another album by the end of the year that would consist of material recorded during the " no line on the horizon " sessions , labelling it " a more meditative album on the theme of pilgrimage " . provisionally titled " songs of ascent "
the new stadium , provisionally called stanley park stadium , is being built by hks , inc. and is scheduled to open in august 2011 with a capacity of 71,000 .
armstrong 's chapter on emergent democracy will appear in an upcoming book by o'reilly media provisionally titled open government .
as the shrine of our lady of europe remained in military hands , the statue was provisionally placed in a new chapel erected along engineer road .
because of some redundancies between the parent advisory and slt , and at the suggestion of dr. schnur , the pta provisionally suspended the parent advisory board in the spring of 2006 .
if the number of vacancies are filled on the first distribution , the results of the election are declared with all provisionally declared candidates being declared the winner of the election .
it was discovered by smith , reitsema , larson and fountain in 1980 from ground - based observations , and was provisionally designated .
many recordings from the band ’s last years remain unreleased , including a planned ep called " my kill hand never felt so good " and the initial tracks for a second album provisionally entitled " i am the master
as effect of the financial market crisis the plans were provisionally reset by the british government in december 2008 .
the result of their efforts , following a period of sub - committee review ( at the " cueva del orkompon " , a basque bar in " calle miguel moya " , madrid ) was provisionally entitled the " himno de falange española " .
laurelwood is provisionally accredited by the northwest association of accredited schools .
a judge has said that he was provisionally minded to grant the order to the psni .
its statutes were then approved provisionally ( ad experimentum ) for the period of five years .
badan pusat statistik provisionally valued the oil and gas mining industry at 187,893,200 million rupiahs in 2006 thus registering over 97% growth since 2003 .
after world war i the treaty of saint - germain - en - laye ( 1919 ) provisionally assigned the german - speaking burgenland to austria but did not settle the exact austro - hungarian border . pursuant to the 1920 treaty of trianon , the four villages initially became a part of the kőszeg subdivision of the vas administrative district in the kingdom of hungary , and a neutral boundary determination commission was created to delineate the frontier .
the names of the 24 months were provisionally chosen by gangale as the latin names of constellations of the zodiac and their sanskrit equivalents in alternation .
then in 1929 the finds were provisionally accommodated in the bode museum , in the pergamon museum , where they have been accessible to the public since 1930 .
inazuman appeared somewhat different than in the live action tokusatsu version , and was created when the series was in development as an animated series , provisionally titled " mutant z " .
milan 's points penalty for 2005 - 06 was reduced from 44 to 30 , putting milan in third place and provisionally making them eligible for the third qualifying round of the champions league ( they eventually won it ) .
the € 80 m swing bridge , which will open to allow boats use the river , will be the biggest in europe . provisionally named the eastern gateway bridge , greg coughlan of howard holdings said the bridge was essential for the project to proceed .
a high mountain , provisionally known as ' vinson ' was long suspected to be in this part of west antarctica , but it was not actually seen until january 1958 , when it was spotted by us navy aircraft from byrd station .
the asteroids 99942 apophis ( provisionally known as 2004 mn4 ) , 2007 vk184 , and 2008 af4 have had above - normal rankings on the torino scale .
the 1940 games had been scheduled for tokyo , and then helsinki ; the 1944 games had been provisionally planned for london .
in june 1996 the german government contracted for three ships with an option on a fourth that was provisionally to have been named as the " thüringen " , but the option for this fourth ship was not taken up .
the group recorded a 6th demo , " from enslavement to obliteration " , on 15 march 1986 , which the group made available at their concerts and through mail , before making a 7th recording later that year , " scum " , which was provisionally intended to form part of a split lp with the english hardcore band atavistic on manic ears records .
mythunga " was described by ralph molnar and r. a. thulborn in 2008 , and provisionally thought to be related to plesiomorphic , and thus possibly basal , pterodactyloids .
after his return from the war in 1567 , johann friedrich took on his position as the bishop of cammin and also his position as the duke of pomerania , which he provisionally shared with his brother , bogislaw xiii .
the federal bureau of statistics provisionally valued this sector at rs.25,637 million in 2005 thus registering over 3% decline since 2000 .
this agency , provisionally titled the thames piers agency , would integrate boat services into other modes of public transport , take control of thames piers from the port of london authority , and commission the construction of new piers .
she was provisionally laid to rest in the roberto rossellini 's family mausoleum , her favorite director and longtime friend .
she told the " frankfurter allgemeine zeitung " that " according to the decision [ to provisionally release him ] , he is a stability factor for kosovo .
in the preface to " white heat " , sandbrook disclosed that he is working on a further book , provisionally entitled " seasons of discontent " , that will cover the 1970s , and which will include chapters on the rise of scottish and welsh nationalism .
badan pusat statistik provisionally valued other business support services at 47,381,600 million rupiahs in 2006 thus registering over 71% growth since 2003 .
the provisionally selected vehicles were extensively trialled for a year by a specially - formed trials unit before both the unit and the mod were completely satisfied that they met the army 's requirements in all respects .
in presence of the scaffold erected by the ferocious mutineers for all the vanquished generals , and in a camp where no suspected person dared to assume the precarious office of leader , when pressed upon him , he accepted the baton provisionally , and in the meantime the representatives who were sent from paris to manage affairs ( and act as spies upon the army ) , reported
badan pusat statistik provisionally valued the wholesale and retail trades at 386,872,500 million rupiahs in 2006 thus registering over 48% growth since 2003 .
it has been provisionally considered by kielan - jaworowska but has yet to be fully described .
the assembly provisionally suspended the king and kept him and queen marie antoinette under guard .
in slovenian linguistic literature and reference books it is sometimes provisionally termed " alpine slavic " ( " alpska slovanščina " ) .
a small african barb , it is provisionally assigned to the genus " barbus " , but probably belongs – like similar species – in another genus .
when batthyány resigned he was appointed with szemere to carry on the government provisionally , and at the end of september he was made president of the committee of national defence .
fort amsterdam was designated the capital of the province in 1625 and developed into the largest dutch colonial settlement of the new netherland province , now the new york tri - state region , and remained a dutch possession until september 1664 , when it fell provisionally and temporarily into the hands of the english .
when lowercased , " heir presumptive " can refer generally to someone who is provisionally scheduled to inherit a title , position or possession , unless displaced by an heir apparent or another heir presumptive .
kårehed transferred " citronella " , " gonocaryum " , and " leptaulus " from icacinaceae to this family , and provisionally placed " metteniusa " , " dendrobangia " , and " pseudobotrys " there as well . "
any candidate that has a total value equal or greater than the quota is provisionally declared elected and their surplus value distributed according to the voter 's nominated subsequent preference .
belkacem was released provisionally in march 2006 , because the public prosecutor deemed an eventual conviction for membership of a terrorist organisation highly unlikely .
a sequel to the film " sin city " is in progress as of 2009 , provisionally entitled " sin city 2 " .
the result of grotius ' efforts in 1604 - 1605 was a long , theory - laden treatise that he provisionally entitled " de indis " ( " on the indies " ) .
it was decided to replace the former german federation of protestant churches with the new umbrella evangelical church in germany , provisionally led by the council of the evangelical church in germany , a naming borrowed from the reich 's brethren council organisation .
entry tests will be held in may. on the basis of the results , students may be offered a place provisionally or put on the waiting list .
the australian stumpy tail cattle dog was provisionally accepted by the fédération cynologique internationale in 2005 , in group 1 , section 2 : cattle dogs ( except swiss cattle dogs ) as breed number 351 .
it is included here provisionally ; the west visayan faunal region ( the philippine islands of panay , negros and cebu ) is separated from the sunda shelf islands ( including the philippine island of palawan ) by deep water channels .
the season will begin on may 2 at silverstone and will provisionally end on october 31 at the autodromo di pergusa .
the attribution to the younger artist is provisionally accepted by the national portrait gallery , which argues that the poor modelling of the doublet suggests that droeshout was copying a lost drawing or painting which only depicted shakespeare 's head and shoulders .
badan pusat statistik provisionally valued the banking industry at 97,708,300 million rupiahs in 2006 thus registering over 31% growth since 2003 .
disher , and the rest of the detectives bureau return ( provisionally ) to duty with the sole purpose of catching his killer .
in asia , south korea has banned imports and advised retailers to stop selling irish produce , singapore is following suit , whilst china has " provisionally " stopped importation .
their nationality was provisionally registered under the name of " joseon " ( chōsen in japanese , 朝鮮 , 조선 ) , the old name of undivided korea .
on 24 november , 2004 the council of state ruled that the construction of further new islands was provisionally banned , because the consequences for the environment were insufficiently researched .
the british command provisionally affirmed khosrov bey sultanov ( appointed by the azerbaijani government ) as the governor - general of karabakh and zangezur , pending final decision by the paris peace conference .
, provisionally known as 2001 xt254 , is a scattered disc object ( sdo ) that has a with neptune .
provisionally , new - registered vehicles may obtain a number starting with p ( beginning from prx ) , which is changed to the formal plate once completed the registration .
the boundary commission for england has provisionally recommended that the county should , in the future , be divided into 22 constituencies .
if the number of vacancies are filled on the first distribution the results of the election are declared with all provisionally declared candidates being declared the winner of the election .
the number of subspecies is unclear , but provisionally three are typically recognized : " c. l. lineata " , " c. l.vulgaris " and " c. l. cearae " .
also , there will be one game provisionally slotted into the 8:15 p.m. et slot .
the spanish fiscal system was provisionally retained .
it was equipped with a checkpoint within the station akin to friedrichstraße , where east german customs and border control were provisionally installed to facilitate passengers heading to or coming from east berlin .
a major harmonisation of nhs pay structure , the agenda for change , was provisionally agreed in 2003 by unions representing nurses and other health professions in the nhs , unions representing nhs staff not covered by a review body ( e.g. office staff ) , nhs employers and government " before " the nursing and other health professions review body considered the issue : it recommended in favour of implementing the negotiated agreement .
on 3 september of 1783 , by treaty of paris , britain also signed separate agreements with france and spain , and ( provisionally ) with the netherlands .
the rat , provisionally called the bosavi woolly rat , may be the biggest species of rat in the world measuring in length and weighing .
until then , this small african barb is provisionally assigned to the genus " barbus " , but probably belongs – like " b. " apleurogramma " – in another genus .
in november 2009 , mlse applied to the crtc for a category 2 digital tv license to operate a general interest sports service provisionally named " mainstream sports " .
until then , the station was provisionally called shishibu station but was written in kanji as " 鹿部駅 " .
the city of tangier was declared an international zone , though this status was suspended during world war ii when it was provisionally occupied by spanish troops , from 14 june 1940 , on the pretext that an italian invasion was imminent .
in the fall of 1975 patkai was provisionally affiliated to the north eastern hill university , shillong .
the 121st regiment proceeded to washington , arriving there on the morning of september 3 , and was assigned provisionally to a brigade under colonel gibson with headquarters at fort lincoln .
with the peace of passau , signed in august 1552 , the lutheran position was provisionally guaranteed .
however , subsequent examination of newborns , juveniles , and adults from hawaii , south africa , and taiwan have shown that the snout shape , body width , and teeth counts vary considerably with growth and amongst individuals , and thus " h. bickelli " is now provisionally considered to be the only valid species .
the federal district court went further and criticized the government 's delay tactics and subversive efforts relative to the information it relied upon in preliminarily and provisionally deciding to designate kindhearts as a specially designated global terrorist , as well as failing to respond to requests for basic information concerning the alleged evidence against kindhearts , failing to allow kindhearts from accessing the courts and employing attorneys to defend it using its own funds , and other substantial violations .
in the early 1960s , screenwriter william rose , then living in the uk , conceived the idea for a film ( provisionally titled " something a little less serious " ) about a comedic chase through scotland .
rishi 's third solo album is provisionally scheduled for late 2009 .
any continuing candidate who has received a total value of votes equal to or greater than the quota on the completion of the transfer and distribution of all ballot papers associated with the surplus distribution shall be provisionally declared elected .
the company was " provisionally " registered as a joint stock company , the chartist cooperative land company , on 24 october 1846 .
this is a yet - unnamed " powelliphanta " species , provisionally known as " powelliphanta " " anatoki range " .
dan returned to vietnam in september 1955 when diem was provisionally prime minister of the state of vietnam .
the french - backed state of vietnam led by former emperor bao dai , provisionally held control south of the 17th parallel .
at the height of the game with hungary leading 6 - 1 , liebrich 's challenge was the most devitalizing if not fateful tackle in the whole tournament as puskás was on the end of a fiece tackle from behind ; putting him provisionally out of the tournament with a sorely bruised ankle .
while mr. neptune was provisionally released , as was another defendant , amanus maette - ronald dauphin remains in prison .
they are provisionally described by strabo as a mixed race of celts and illyrians , who used celtic weapons , tattooed themselves , and lived chiefly on spelt and millet ; however , strabo 's suggestion of a mixed celtic - illyrian iapydes culture is not confirmed by archaeology .
it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard , et al . in 2003 , and was provisionally designated s/2003 j 21 .
his knighthood , the seventh awarded in the royal victorian order , was provisionally bestowed by queen victoria at nice in 1896 .
it was provisionally called " tir " , but renamed after leo tolstoy by the international astronomical union in 1976 .
until the appointment of a selected administration , the fund has been managed provisionally by the ministry of public finance through the board of supervisors .
when the band went into the studio in late 1967 to record the follow - up to their debut album " safe as milk " , which had been released earlier that year , it was with the intention of producing a double album , provisionally entitled " it comes to you in a plain brown wrapper " .
remains of a large pseudotooth bird were also found in the middle eocene of kpogamé - hahotoé ( togo ) and have been provisionally termed " aequornis traversei " ; their analysis is likely to provide at least some insight on the taxonomic status of " g. eaglesomei " .
at one point he was established in the world 's top 32 , and provisionally 14 at one point - advancing 82 - 56 - 36 - 21 in the rankings over a strong sequence of seasons up to 2004 .
thus , they found that it was not a dinosaur , and provisionally retained it in " revueltosaurus " ; it may once again be " r. hunti . "
it is provisionally retained in " barbus " like many others , but this will almost certainly change in the foreseeable future .
fiscal surplus is provisionally reported as 0.5% of gdp in 2006 and 2007 .
immediately after retirement , he started coaching águilas , becoming afterwards provisionally and nearly by chance coach of the spanish national team , where he managed to develop a longstanding sensation for the team and basketball in spain .
by 1915 the work , an irish musical play , was finished and had been provisionally entitled ' sheila ' .
this yet - unnamed " powelliphanta " species , provisionally known as " powelliphanta " " haast " , is one of the amber snails which is an undescribed species of large , carnivorous land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family rhytididae .
biafra used two provisionally armed b-26s in combat during nigerian civil war in 1967 , flown among others by jan zumbach .
in 1360 the construction stopped again after the uncompleted parts have been covered provisionally .
the federal bureau of statistics provisionally valued this sector at rs.631,229 million in 2005 thus registering over 78% growth since 2000 .
the second installment of the trilogy , provisionally entitled " the great khan " , entered pre - production in 2008 and is planned for release in 2010 .
this is a yet - unnamed " powelliphanta " species , provisionally known as " powelliphanta " " urewera " .
this grouping of " amanita " mushroom species also includes " a. abrupta " , " a. atkinsoniana " , " a. costaricensis " ( a provisionally named species authored by tulloss , halling , & g.m. muell . ) , " a. nitida " ( as coker described the species ) and " a. sphaerobulbosa " .
however , the album , provisionally titled " bravo " , failed to please either the band members or the prospective record labels .
article 95 stipulates that , in the event that the throne is vacant , the united chambers meet to provisionally provide for the regency .
at the time of her death , she was working on the plot of a new series , provisionally titled " as quatro estações " .
navarre committed his thoughts to paper on september 19 in a general instruction relegating the threat to laos as " provisionally reduced " relative to the delta , and thus chose to commit forces to that end over dien bien phu .
the federal bureau of statistics provisionally valued this sector at rs.982,353 million in 2005 thus registering over 91% growth since 2000 .
with the breaking - up of the " perching ducks " , it was rather provisionally placed in the dabbling duck genus " anas " .
de rossa and the other former workers ' party members then established a new political party , provisionally called new agenda .
this was provisionally used for passenger services as well , when the old passenger station at bremen was closed .
the federal bureau of statistics provisionally valued this sector at rs.18,290 million in 2005 thus registering over 10% growth since 2000 .
in a recent study , d´elia , pardiñas and myers have provisionally retained three species of " bibimys " , given the inadequacies of sample size and geographic representation , however , they acknowledged that morphological , karyotypic , and genetic evidence for their separation is unpersuasive .
a second , smaller ( estimated diameter of 6 km ) satellite that orbits closer to eugenia than petit - prince has since been discovered and provisionally named s/2004 ( 45 ) 1 .
, provisionally known as 2001 xh255 , is a trans - neptunian object ( tno ) that has a with neptune .
initially named provisionally as shichinohe station , the name of the new station was announced on 29 july 2009 , to emphasize the station 's role as a gateway to lake towada .
the other station was provisionally called carmen street .
in 2007 liberty university school of law , provisionally approved by the american bar association , announced an 89% bar passage rate from its first graduating class of law students .
könig and jakob fleck were each provisionally appointed mayor after the americans marched in in 1945 .
already at this early stage , the story ( provisionally entitled " oo la la " ) was set in a mythical kingdom .
on 8 july 1996 , the 615th support battalion ( aviation ) was provisionally organized .
it has been suggested that the 681 peace treaty with the byzantine empire that established the new state was concluded at varna and the first bulgarian capital south of the danube may have been provisionally located in its vicinity — possibly in a city near lake varna 's north shore named theodorias ( θεοδωριάς ) by justinian i — before it moved to pliska 70 km to the west .
governor scheele writes " ... provisionally no company is to be sent there ... " .
type specimens " record the biological type specimens of animals which are provisionally registered , until the bodies responsible for such types implement their own registries .
the film was originally announced , provisionally after the release of the bollywood film , " don " - which was a remake of the yesteryear film with the same name from 1978 .
another book about gay men and pop , provisionally titled " the vinyl closet " was commissioned but never finished .
planning permission has been granted for the provisionally - titled conoco stadium , and if all goes to plan this will be ready for the 2010 - 11 season .
loeb started the season by provisionally winning the monte carlo rally , after racing under appeal due to a two - minute time penalty incurred by an illegal tyre change during the second day .
this assignment was followed provisionally in the most recent major review of sauropods , but at least one author ( valérie martin - rolland ) has found it to be a distinct genus .
177 love parade visitors were provisionally arrested by the police .
having hispanicized its name to asociación de football de chile , fac achieved affiliation to fifa provisionally in 1913 and fully in 1914 .
in 2002 , sainz inherited the victory of the rally argentina , having provisionally finished third , by virtue of the disqualifications of the two leading peugeots of marcus grönholm and burns .
although provisionally part of the kinmen county , there is no ferry service to the rest of the kinmen county .
the boundary commission for england has provisionally recommended that the county should
badan pusat statistik provisionally valued railway transport at 1,345,000 million rupiahs in 2006 thus registering over 16% growth since 2003 .
salan announced on radio that the army had “ provisionally taken over responsibility for the destiny of french algeria ” .
northern ireland provisionally became an autonomous part of the irish free state on 6 december 1922 .
it recommended to the united nations general assembly " that the state whose application is contained in document s/25147 be admitted to membership in the united nations , this state being provisionally referred to for all purposes within the united nations as ' the former yugoslav republic of macedonia ' pending settlement of the difference that has arisen over the name of the state . "
their term lasts until the next csf event , provisionally scheduled for november 2010 .
currently , the domestic dog is listed as a subspecies of " canis lupus " , " c. l. familiaris " , and the dingo ( also considered a domestic dog ) as " c. l. dingo " , provisionally a separate subspecies from " c. l. familiaris " ; the red wolf , eastern canadian wolf , and indian wolf are recognized as subspecies .
at the time , italy had no national anthem , until " il canto degli italiani " was provisionally chosen when italy became a republic on 12 october 1946 , only to be officially legislated on 17 november 2005 .
the survey constituted the first step in the development of the south african " child labour programme of action " which was provisionally adopted in september 2003 .
an un - named waterfall ( provisionally called crompton waterfall ) cascades off crompton moor into the now unused pingot quarry forming the old brook , a tributary of the river beal .
within the eupolypods , aspleniaceae belongs to a clade informally and provisionally known as eupolypods ii .
although provisionally assigned the designation " u-7 " , the submarine was commissioned as sm " u-12 " on 21 august 1914 , with " linienschiffsleutnant " egon lerch in command . " u-12"s activities over the early part of the war are not reported , but the boat 's armament was augmented by a 3.7 cm/23 ( 1.5 in ) quick - firing ( qf ) deck gun in november 1914 .
it was also provisionally named as one of london 's two host stadiums for the 1966 fifa world cup ( along with wembley ) , but was eventually dropped with white city stadium taking the role instead .
in 1954 , the territory was dissolved and the area was provisionally divided between italy and yugoslavia , and formally annexed by the treaty of osimo in 1975 .
a small part of the northern areas , the shaksgam tract , was provisionally ceded by pakistan to the people 's republic of china in 1963 .
in october 2009 , the united kingdom 's competition commission provisionally ruled against the merger but on december 22 , 2009 , the competition commission reversed itself and decided to clear the proposed merger .
biafra acquired and used ( at least ) two provisionally armed b-26s during nigerian civil war .
the main task is establishing and provisionally operating the 337 facility international monitoring system ( ims ) , including its international data centre ( idc ) and global communications infrastructure ( gci ) .
as the shrine of our lady of europe remained in military hands , the statue was provisionally placed in the loreto convent , at the time located in front of the governor 's official residence in main street .
it was provisionally known as " the united provinces of central america , " while the final name according to the constitution of 1824 was " the federal republic of central america .
this is a yet - unnamed " powelliphanta " species , provisionally known as " powelliphanta " " matakitaki " .
when stockhausen received a commission from don luigi garbini of the milan cathedral for the second hour of " klang " , to be premiered for pentecost 2006 , he provisionally titled the work " pentecost " , and chose as text the pentecost hymn " veni creator spiritus " , to be sung in latin by the two harpists as they played .
osborn and mook , in 1921 , provisionally synonymized the two species , suggesting that " a. fragillimus " is just a very large individual of " a. altus " , a position mcintosh agreed with in 1998 .
in october 2009 , the united kingdom 's competition commission provisionally ruled against the merger with ticketmaster ..
the provisionally titled " merry christmas from the beach boys " was rejected by the record company , which demanded the band submit a regular studio album instead .
the idf holds annual open meetings on the topics of doi and related issues : the 2010 meeting is provisionally scheduled to be held in hannover , germany in mid year .
the british command provisionally affirmed khosrov bey sultanov ( an appointee of the azerbaijan government ) as the governor - general of karabakh and zangezur , pending a final decision by the paris peace conference .
the barrel life is provisionally estimated as 500 to 600 rounds .
two of the craters on olympus mons have been provisionally assigned names by the iau .
the congress finally settled on the expedient of provisionally organizing a single regiment to remain in service .
the queen was provisionally buried in the church of the monastery until being translated to the monastery of batalha .
