rack mounted delay units evolved into digital reverb units and on to digital multieffects units capable of more sophisticated effects than pure delay , such as reverb and audio timescale - pitch modification effects .
e1060 , a 1966-built rack steam locomotive ( esslingen 5316 ) is operable in ambarawa railway museum .
joe and a gang of his men grab guns from the closet rack to defend themselves .
this trim package included exterior woodgrain body side decal panels , a roof rack with rear air deflector , and individual reclining seats upholstered in plush cloth .
after being tortured , he was removed on december 4 , 1580 to the tower , where he endured the rack and the scavenger 's daughter .
a rack railway , the " schafbergbahn " runs up the mountain .
some 85% of the line is equipped with rack rail , with adhesion being used at the foot of the line and at intermediate crossing stations .
a triple ejector rack ( ter ) electrical safety pin prevented any electrical signal from reaching the rockets but it was known that high winds could sometimes catch the attached tags and blow them free .
some say that wiitala was frugal in the way he ran wldr ; he would go to the local giantway ( a now - defunct grocery / retail outlet with a chain of stores in central and northern michigan ) in traverse city ( now tom 's food market and dunham sports outfitters ) and buy 45s cheap off the rack .
these include a modified guitar played with a hammer action , called a ' chu ' , and a bowed instrument fashioned from a cd rack .
or they use rack effects through the amplifier effects loop .
traditionally minangkabau people also use talang as a container for sticky rice food ( lamang , lemang ) and as horizontal rack for drying clothes ( " jemuran kain " ) under sunlight .
at the end of the day , paulina , veronica , nohemí and andrea won the go see challenge , and veronica was chosen as the best one , as a prize they all get a rack of clothes from the designers .
they featured a 2-way liftgate ( raise the entire liftgate or just the window ) , a roof rack with crossbar and tie - downs , an optional rear - facing third seat , a lockable under - floor compartment , and an optional fold - out picnic table .
other tech 21 products have included distortion pedals ( tech 21 xxl , american woman , etc . ) and bass specific pedals , rack mount units ( rbi preamp for bass ) as well as a range of amplifiers ( trademark 30,60,120 combos landmark heads ) that use sansamp technology built in .
among the features of the batmobile of " the animated series " were : smoke and oil dispensers , wheel slasher hubs , a missile rack , tear gas dispensers , ejection seats , titanium alloy wheels and body panels , and reversible jet exhausts .
at štrba station a new departure hall for the rack railway was built .
rocket is captain of the starship " rack ' n ' ruin " , and he and his first mate wal russ ( a talking walrus ) come from the planet halfworld , half of which is inhabited by other talking animals , and half of which is inhabited by automatons .
one of the imprisoned jews was stretched on the rack ; he confessed to everything asked of him , and named as partners in the crime all whose names were suggested to him .
electro - magnetic actuators are usually located on the fuel pump to transfer electrical signals into mechanical action in this case fuel rack actuator and or fuel stop solenoid which means that depending on requests from control unit full fuel or no fuel quantity .
at diakofto , a seaside resort between corinth and patras , there is a junction with the diakofto kalavrita railway , a gauge rack and pinion line which climbs to a height of 720 m during a 22 km journey to kalavryta through the vouraikos gorge .
he has used many different kits hand crafted by sjc , his current set - up for the cartel ( album ) tour is an amber acrylic sjc kit , sizes are ( depth x diameter ) bass-18x24 , floor toms-14x16 , 16x16 , and an 8x12 rack tom .
the exhaust system was changed to a more sporty one ( including a flap to make it quieter around town ) , the suspension was revised and a new steering rack was fitted , the engine power was increased by 20 bhp to a maximum of , the biggest change was an overall lowering of the gearing especially in 1st to 5th .
to his left is a home - made , pvc pipe , guitar rack that holds three acoustic guitars , an electric guitar , a dobro and a banjo .
because of the obernzell to wegscheid line , the only rack railway in the royal bavarian state railways , new locomotives were constantly being tested at bw passau .
the small horizontal unbroken paper seals connecting each instrument to the rack prove that the instrument has not been removed since it was last calibrated .
infiniti ’s suv rides on a 106.3-inch wheelbase , measures 72.4 inches wide and stands 70.7 inches tall to the top of its roof rack .
wood framing had the disadvantage of changing dimensions with temperature and humidity , and the various joints tended to rack ( work loose ) over time .
they are served as a rack of meat which diners customarily tear apart by hand , then eat the meat from the bone .
most were sold in asia , although a few examples ended up in other parts of the world . confirmed original examples are known in norway , england , canada and the u.s. the cyp77 bikes were outfitted with a solo seat , a rack with a ticket box , front and rear crash bars , a speed trap speedometer ( the officer could fix the highest speed reached in his speedometer , while giving chase ) and a cable driven mechanical siren , that reportedly sounds like the police sirens from the 1930s gangster movies .
the kentucky mountain saddle horse is distinguished by its natural four beat gait called an amble , or rack .
on the evening of april 1 , 1944 , the 295th ordnance medium maintenance company ate chow ( dinner ) , claimed their evening passes , and eventually hit - the - rack ( slept ) .
we currently circulate to nearly 400 homes and businesses in the area through mail delivery and individual rack locations throughout the county , manchester and tullahoma .
some dealer - installed accessories were dropped including the luggage rack , trunk - lip spoiler and cockpit cover .
with carton flow rack systems labor savings of up to 75% can be realized almost immediately .
the term was coined by vallee and williams , based on the " rack mechanism " of malmstrom .
a 19 " rack - mount version of both machines were also available in limited numbers .
" 5th gear " is a computer game for the amiga , atari st and commodore 64 , released on the rack - it budget label . the original commodore 64 version was programmed by jeroen leitjen , with music by theo and renier hogens .
it was also mentioned in a later show when , while christmas shopping , mary notices a toy gas station and says that it " even has a grease rack " .
durability , weather resistance , appearance , and functionality are extremely important when considering the material of the bike rack .
to avoid problems with pedals being damaged during live performances , hammett keeps his effect pedals in a rack along with his amplifiers and his tech controls them through a pedalboard sidestage .
in june 2007 , sgi announced the altix ice 8200 , a blade - based xeon system with up to 512 xeon cores per rack .
in the end this did not help fawkes much as he was broken on the only rack in england , which was in the tower of london .
it is usually garnished with some small vegetables , such as a dressing of lettuce and a few sprigs of parsley . crowned rack of lamb
his flashy style partly involves good food and good clothes . " a dandy by disposition who boasts of having not bought off - the - rack since he was 17 ...
the steering rack has a ratio of 16.5:1 .
during his four - year career , he would rack up a total of four assists accompanied by 96 turnovers .
yorkshire finished with 219 for 8 , but their bowlers replied well to have derbyshire on the rack when travis friend was run out to leave them on 85 for 4 .
these could be upgraded , for example from a 2400 to a 2400t. the 2500 and 2500 t had a larger chassis , a standard 6 ' 19 " eia rack with space at the bottom for two smd disk drives weighing approximately 150 lb each .
rappel rack .
options : cam - adjustable magnesium rack and pinion .
the three linages are based on frame - and - panel construction , the yoke and rack ( based on post and rail seen in architecture ) and bamboo construction techniques respectively .
canadian backbreaker rack .
each player places their drawn tile on their rack , and draws six more , for a total of seven .
in a work day , we rack up 26 feet on the mouse 's scroll wheel . "
the control software has only 3 main screens , overview , selected channel , and effects rack views .
the four speed gearbox had a column change and steering was by rack and pinion .
the 375 cc citroën 2cv had interconnected all round fully independent suspension , rack and pinion steering , radial tyres and front wheel drive with an air - cooled flat twin engine .
for example , a team with three remaining cups may ask the other team to " re - rack " their multiple targets into a single triangle formation .
mackie had revamped the styling of the main rack unit , and the units was certainly more attractive , but internally it was unchanged from the original soundscape r.ed .
with scalable memory and storage media , jcs1200 provides up to 12 routing engines in a compact one - quarter rack chassis .
the middleton railway locomotives had a toothed cog wheel which meshed into a rack on the side of the rail , as it was felt this would provide the engines with a better grip when hauling coal wagons .
luger knocked koloff unconscious with it and then lifted up koloff in the torture rack .
on its back wall are curtained status boards and wall maps , and a rack of tommy guns .
another program from emta is their " bike on the bus " program for bicyclists that allows them to take the bus to a destination while carrying their bike on a rack on the front of the bus for free without any additional cost .
robert bosch gmbh 's fernseh division made a large three rack analog video standards converter .
the fw 190 f-8/u2 torpedo bomber was outfitted with an etc 503 bomb rack under each wing and a centre - line mounted etc 504 .
minangkabau people believe that talang which is collected from rack of clothes dryer or found drifting in the river is a good material for making saluang .
midi in trig indicator ( nord modular rack )
morgan locomotives used a central third rail for power and also as a rack for traction .
manoc 's largest customer ukfast hosts over 2500 rack servers in its facility and as a result of ukfasts growth a new facility was acquired in august 2009 in central manchester to keep up with the demand in a deal worth £ 9.6 m ,
for example , it is not uncommon to see a sign above the coat rack in a restaurant which disclaims responsibility for items left there .
years later , its railway services with the ose 's spap line was created in the 1850s and a rack railway to kalavryta later on .
the company ’s most successful product is the unified threat management device , which runs on a hardened linux kernel , and can be deployed as an xseries rack - mounted server , a vmware instance , or a small form - factor tower .
many wall - mounted industrial equipment enclosures have 19-inch rack rails to support mounting of equipment .
the abt system is cheaper to build than the riggenbach because it requires a lower weight of rack over a given length .
this was a lower - cost line that included the sq-1 ( 61 keys ) , sq-2 ( 76 keys)and sq - r ( rack - mounted , with no keys or sequencer ) .
teams rack up points by winning tag team matches .
a famous device used for dismemberment is the rack , upon which the condemned is chained down by the wrists and ankles , on a large bed - like frame , and a wheel is subsequently turned , winding in the chains and causing an immense stretching .
the first mountain rack railway in europe was the vitznau - rigi - bahn on mount rigi in switzerland , which opened in 1871 .
and a love of the rack and the screw .
each vehicles carries of equipment which includes traffic cones , basic first - aid kits , warning lights , water containers , road - clearance equipment and towing / recovery gear – all contained in a heavy steel bolted - in rack system .
mary then took great satisfaction out of making jack admit to the millions of listeners that " grass reek " did exist ( " ... boy did that grease rack ! " " that 's " grass wreak ! " " well make up your mind ! " ) .
tap , rack , bang ( trb ) is jargon for the emergency corrective procedure for a semi - automatic firearm or an automatic firearm after a failure to fire ( " stoppage " ) , which usually gives an audible " click " as the firing mechanism fails to fire a round .
later , dawn convinces clem to take her to rack , a warlock who acts as sort of a " dealer " of dark magic .
the original torturing rack and sarkander 's gravestone are preserved here .
cool for 2 minutes on cookie sheet , then move to cooling rack .
this means that the maximum possible score from the rack should be 596 .
the arica - la paz rack railway was built by the chilean government under the treaty of peace and friendship of 1904 between chile and bolivia .
the ateme kyrion 2100 is a 1u 19 " rack hardware multi - network live encoder supporting high definition ( hd ) mpeg-4/avc from 0.5 to 62.5 mbit / s with advanced main and high profile encoding .
durham dynamos contrived to lose this one , having first had leicestershire foxes on the rack after limiting them to a total of 150 for 9 .
other changes included an etc 501 under - fuselage rack which was mounted on a lengthened carrier and moved 200 mm ( 8 in ) further forward to help restore the centre of gravity of the aircraft .
spur rack .
corcovado rack railway .
suspension follows the supermini norm of macpherson struts at the front and a torsion beam rear end with rack and pinion steering .
one rack unit is 1.75 inches ( 44.45 mm ) high .
when starting the game , the one - ball , six - ball , and eleven - ball should be placed on the three points of the rack .
with tisane on the rack , any seventh letter except for q or y ( or , in north america , j ) will create a seven letter word ( tisane + a = taenias or entasia ; tisane + b = basinet or banties ; tisane + c = cineast or acetins ; etc . )
in particular , the riggenbach rack was expensive to manufacture and maintain and the switches were complex .
rack scoring .
the versamat 1140 has 7 tanks , each with a full rack in them .
it uses a marsh rack system to climb mount washington in new hampshire , usa .
unlike other gm minivans , a roof rack was never offered .
as an alternative a cylindrical 50 gal drop tank , adapted from those carried by long range hawker typhoons , could be carried on the fuselage bomb rack used on most mk ixs of the second tactical air force .
this remained a serious problem for the duration of british rule , as throughout the bengal presidency " ryots " ( peasants ) found themselves oppressed by rack - renting landlords , who knew that every rupee they could squeeze from their tenants over and above the fixed revenue demand from the government represented pure profit .
an example of a rack unit designed for vocalists is the antares avp vocal producer , which includes mic modeling technology , electronic pitch correction , tube pre - amp modellers , a de - esser , and parametric eq , all of which is designed for use by a singer .
the rc 8000 from the mid-1970s used newer - generation ics to shrink the rc 4000 into a single rack - mount system .
" rack ' em " was a two player cue - sports simulator developed by artech digital entertainments , inc. and published by accolade for the dos and commodore 64 platforms in 1988 .
clearly this design does not scale to more than a few networks , so the channelmizer was introduced -- a 2.5 " tall rack mountable device with separate us and ds rf ports , the diplex filter switch , and an ethernet port .
the standard pitch circle is the circle which intersects the involute at the point where the pressure angle is equal to the profile angle of the basic rack .
these technical sets featured moving parts such as gears , differentials , cogs , levers , axles and universal joints , and permitted the construction of realistic models such as automobiles , with functional rack and pinion steering and lifelike engine movements .
steering gear is a rack and pinion type ( manual or power assisted , depending on model ) , mounted on the bulkhead ( firewall ) , with a telescopically deformable steering column .
on the chilean side there were seven sections of rack in just 24 km , of which one section was 16 km long with an average gradient of 1 in 13 ( 7.69% ) .
with extensive parking facilities and a stop on the tatra trolley and rack railway , it is a starting point for a host of popular hikes including to kriváň and rysy .
however , unlike the classic , studio , and rack versions , the extreme can not be fitted with sample expansion boards due to the expansion roms having been pre - installed .
the same is claimed for the special bomb rack below the fuselage , intended to swing a 250 kg bomb clear of the propeller in a diving attack .
during the first game , simon 's teammates playfully held him back as the sausages raced past their dugout , and manager dusty baker guarded the bat rack .
in the 2007 film " the mist " , issues of both " the goon " & " hellboy " are briefly visible on a rotating comic book rack in the scene when thomas jane and a small band of survivors venture into a pharmacy to get drugs for the injured at their home base in the adjoining grocery store .
the computer was soon dismantled and replaced with a new cluster made of an equal number of xserve g5 rack - mounted servers , which also use the g5 chip running at 2.3 ghz .
stores typically place merchandise on a clearance rack and mark the price down until someone purchases the item .
city place , a multi - level mall , was established in the old hecht company building in 1992 , but it had trouble attracting quality anchor stores and gained a reputation as a budget mall , anchored by burlington coat factory , gold 's gym , marshalls , amc theaters ( now closed ) and a short - lived nordstrom rack .
the balls used are sometimes also scaled down , and/or reduced in number ( in the case of the reds ) such that the longest row of balls in the rack is omitted .
there was a bomb rack under the port wing .
it quadrupled the processor area density of the sn - mips system , from 32 up to 128 processors per rack while moving to a “ fat tree ” interconnect topology .
come rack ! come rope !
for example , english " rack " becomes finnish " räkki " and japanese " rakku " .
portable versions of the troika can be disassembled , but due to the size and weight of the machinery and platform , rack onto no fewer than three trailers .
however , after glancing round at him the tourists ignore this and return to taking photos of everything in sight in the hotel foyer , including the mail box and the postcards in the rack at the desk .
steering arms connected to rack by adjustable rod - ends .
the absence of the rescue can from its rack or hook may be the only way a lifeguard in an adjacent tower will know the lifeguard assigned to a tower is not there .
exactly one year later the first mountain railway using rack and pinion technology was officially opened , riggenbach , never noted for missing an opportunity , drove the first train to the upper terminus at rigi staffelhohe , the boundary of cantons luzern and schwyz .
a spectacular rack railway line ( the gornergratbahn , the highest open - air railway in europe ) runs up to the summit of the gornergrat at 3,089 m ( 10,134 ft ) .
designed by architect barton myers , it was built at a cost of $ 4.75 million and its entrance was a renovated late-19th century rack warehouse from the seagram plant .
each module has a front panel that is wide , including edges or ears that protrude on each side which allow the module to be fastened to the rack frame with screws .
the first trial commenced in september 2000 at the southampton store and this store was branded " le collezioni - tie rack " .
" the double marriage " contains some dramatic stage business : juliana 's torture on the rack is shown onstage , as is the fight between sesse 's and virolet 's ships in act ii .
standard router ( rack router ) .
fuses explode constantly as the temperature and smoke increases until an entire rack explodes , killing almost everybody .
houses on the wandsworth ( sw18 ) side are in the what is known as the ' toast rack ' and are large victorian semis and detached homes , some with blue plaques denoting notable residents who previously lived there .
styling features include 22 inch front and 23 inch rear wheels , glass panels in the lower half of the doors to enhance visibility in town or off - road , and an arrow - shaped roll bar / roof - rack which extends from the c - pillars over the glass roof , without being affixed to it .
the object of this game is for each two player alliance to rack up more points than the other team .
the bottles were more air cooled than cold . inserting a coin allowed one bottle to be moved down the rack and out the dispensing end .
heart attack on rack : biscuits and gravy
another brain was introduced in 1986 called the sds-1000 , and was , in effect , the same sounds as an sds-9 ( without the ability to change the eproms ) in a slim 1u , midi - enabled , rack mountable unit .
cut in the floor of the hayloft were slots or holes ( sometimes with hatches ) , each above a hay - rack or manger in the animal housing below .
unlike tower or rack mount systems , the series 900 sat on top of each other and connected to one another with bus - like cabling .
steering was of the conventional rack and pinion type .
the difficulties led riggenbach to the concept of the rack railway .
the king agrees - he tells bugs that he has to get the singing sword , or else face being executed ( " put to the rack , burned at the stake , and beheaded " ) .
the sturdy rack supports passenger weight , to carry a passenger and sustain a launch without collapsing .
typically , a pinion - operated rack moving parallel to the ( trig .- defined ) opposite side would position a slide with a slot coincident with the hypotenuse .
steep gradients can be overcome by the use of rack equipment , however it is not practical to equip all locomotives with such equipment .
a shot clock of 45 seconds is used with one extension for each player per rack .
the 1985 topps set totals 792 cards and was issued in wax , cello and rack packs or as a factory set .
in 1892 they opened up the eponymous hotel that could easily be reached via the newly built " petersbergbahn " , a rack railway that continued in intermittent operation until 1958 .
as of 2007 , there is one train a day over the rack section , which starts from mettupalayam at 07:10 and reaches ooty at noon .
third - party companies manufactured solutions to integrate the rockman into rack setups for the stage and studio use as well .
sarina remembers , " the only albums we had at home were italian recordings that my father bought off the 99 cent rack . "
later on , sr&d added other signal processing equipment to their product line , notably the rockmodules , which were half - rack effects that modularized individual components of the rockman .
a pedometer is attached to the competitor 's head and he must move his head to rack up a total number of steps to complete the game .
• extras , above & beyond - if you want to do something unique , such as an over - the - cab ladder rack or camper , you 'll need to get creative or partner with an experienced truck equipment shop who is also a talented fabricator .
a typical configuration included an enclosed 6'x20 " rack , four boxes holding tape drives , a small display , a control panel , and a keyboard .
the au-1 corsair could carry a 2000 lb bomb on its center rack , two 1000 lb .
the a-7 was usually outfitted with the centre - line mounted etc 501 rack .
after each guitar is used , the guitar tech cleans the strings with a cloth and replaces the instrument on a rack .
this set totals 22 cards and was available as an insert in 1984 topps rack packs .
meanwhile , jensen finds naomi tied up on the rack in the basement and just as they 're about to escape , they run into carver and lisbeth .
a crémaillère is a french , mechanical term for the rack , or a straight bar with teeth on one edge designed to work into the teeth of a wheel or a pinion ( french pignon ) that predates the renaissance .
the 7 frequency translators + 7 channelmizers supported 65,000 homes passed on 23 fiber nodes , and occupied a full rack .
types of rack rail .
the mountain section from goldau to rigi kulm , only operated in the summer until 1928 , had the power switched on the following year , making this the first standard gauge rack and pinion railway in the country to convert to electric traction .
his main guitars are gibson faded sg , gibson 1983 flying v , and an ibanez ic400 ; he also uses a custom j. nunis sc1 , 2 gibson les pauls ( standard and gothic ) , and a fender talon i. he previously used rocktron chameleon rack mounted pre - amplifiers , but after the " damage done " tour , he and martin henriksson began using peavey 5150 and boogie dual rectifier amplifiers along with behringer v - amp 2 modeling processors .
a trailer bike is attached to a bicycle at either the seatpost or on a special rear rack by a linkage that allows for pivoting .
in 2001 the proteus line of modules was repackaged in the form of a line of tabletop units , the xl7 and mp7 command stations , broadly similar to the rack - mounted 2500 in features but featuring touch - sensitive pads suitable for recording drum patterns .
if the player " runs the table " ( makes all the balls without missing ) , they score 10 points for the rack ( the maximum ) as they would have scored 8 points for the balls 1 through 8 and then 2 for the 9 ball .
toast rack .
the defunct drop.com was the first clearance website to mimic a retail store clearance rack by allowing sellers to automatically mark down their items to a pool of consumers .
the rack and internal fuel lines for carrying a 300 l ( 80 us gal ) drop - tank were widely used on g-2s , as were the underwing 20 mm mg 151/20 cannon gondolas .
she took a.22 rifle from a gun rack in her home and shot herself through the temple on december 6 , 1935 .
rack mounted items with a push - pull cable arrangement .
eisenerz was connected with the mines by the erzberg railway , a bold piece of engineering work , fourteen miles long , constructed on the abt 's rack - and - pinion system .
rack with strap .
after telling hilda the consequences and later on in the evening after having a drink with christina at the rack ( in the background you can see marc ) , betty found herself pondering what to do if she accepted the check , especially after arguing with her dad .
the first batch for the rn had a centreline bomb rack and arrestor gear .
the rack railway connecting it to the main railroad was built in 1896 .
for most of the 80s and early - mid 90s , he used marshall amplifiers , particularly the jcm800 models with 4x12 " speaker cabinets and a variety of rack and pedal units ( including effects ) .
the jungfraubahn ( jb ) is an gauge rack railway electrified at 3-phase 1,125 volts , which runs 9 kilometres from kleine scheidegg to the highest railway station in europe at jungfraujoch .
at that point , the fifth and last rack section begins , and starts to address the final few metres to be climbed to zermatt .
in 2005 , three fake pipe bombs were discovered on campus , one near a bike rack , another near a bush , and one more near a soda machine .
the chemin de fer de martigny au châtelard was a ( metre gauge ) rack railway in the canton of valais , switzerland
any fear of a shock result was thrown well and truly out of the window as aberdeen , on another fine night at pittodrie in the opening leg completely destroyed the belgians managing to rack up a fantastic scoreline of 5–1 heading into the second leg .
in the tompion regulator the curb pins were mounted on a semicircular toothed rack , which was adjusted by fitting a key to a cog and turning it .
this game also allows access to each game 's dip switches , but some arcade - exclusive options are left out such as the " rack - test " on pac - man .
sadly , the shed has been allowed to fall into rack and ruin for years .
molly grabes a rifle from a nearby rack and tries to shoot trumpy , but tommy protects his alien friend with his body and hustles trumpy out the door and into the woods .
serling was one of the first to exploit crossover between media by turning his early television successes , " patterns " and " the rack " into full length movie productions .
" rack , shack , and benny " keeps true to the original story but places it in a chocolate factory where all employees are required to bow down before a giant chocolate bunny and sing " the bunny song " .
alternatively , the drums may be mounted on a rack or stand to permit the player to play while standing .
the new generation of the rav4 which is the current one had more variations in the standard equipment and the base and limited trims continue to be available but on the limited trim 4wd became an option and the base model now had 17-inch steel wheels but the roof rack was still standard in both trims .
kawai also manufactured rack versions of most of these instruments , and an external programming device , kawai mm-16 .
the rav4 first model year was 2004 ; then only came in 2 trim levels : base and l. this was already an outgoing generation but still sold pretty well and both came in 2wd mode only and both models had as a standard equipment 16-inch alloy wheels and roof rack .
however , as the system module that these systems use does not feature multiprocessing capabilities , the presence of two cpu drawers in a rack simply meant that there were two separate systems .
since the mounting hole arrangement is vertically symmetric , it is possible to mount rack - mountable equipment upside - down .
the weather star xl is a rack - mounted rendering computer , manufactured by silicon graphics , inc. , containing a modified sgi o2 computer .
a key feature of the hadoop runtime , " do the work in the same server or rack as the data " is therefore lost .
accounts of the contest record it was a disaster for steibelt ; beethoven reportedly carried the day by improvising at length on a theme taken from the cello part of a new steibelt piece — placed upside down on the music rack .
he also has a small pedalboard containing his ground control for the rack and various boss pedals including a tu-2 , ps-5 , dd3 , and rc-2 .
many climbers aim to reduce weight on their harness ( equipment attached to the harness is known as a " rack " ) as much as possible as it can drain energy .
best known for his play " americana absurdum " ( which consists of the two shorter plays,"vomit & roses " and " wolverine dream " ) , his other works include " goner " , " suspicious package " , " out of the way " , and " rack of lamb " . " americana absurdum " was honored with the “ best writing ” award at the 1997 new york international fringe festival and a scotsman fringe first award at the 2000 edinburgh festival fringe .
the culdee fell railway ( cfr ) is a fictional narrow gauge rack and pinion railway appearing in the book " mountain engines " written by the rev. w. awdry .
in the final move , trailing 482 - 464 and with only the o remaining on his rack , cappelletto needed to score 16 points to force a draw .
from the preamp , the signal could be routed via a switch on the guitar 's face to pass through a cable to garcia 's effects rack , and then back into the guitar .
the steering is similar to the e - series senator with the variatronic power assisted rack and pinion technology .
with forty - eight 1000 gb sata drives , it provides 48 tb of storage in four rack units .
the height of the card in a 3u rack is therefore 100 mm .
near the getabako is a slipper rack , and most people in japan wear slippers around the house , except for rooms which have tatami flooring as they are bad for the floor .
similar in capabilities as the cube station , the rack station adds the capability of using hot - swap hard drives .
stores at the mall include ross dress for less , nordstrom rack , target , old navy , barnes & noble and pacsun .
suspension was independent all around via coil springs , steering was rack - and - pinion , and it had four - wheel disc brakes .
in the f / a-18e / f , the radar is installed in a slide - out nose rack to facilitate maintenance .
a rack and pinion is a pair of gears which convert rotational motion into linear motion .
in 2006 , sun has also ventured into the " blade server " ( high density rack - mounted systems ) market with the sun blade ( distinct from the sun blade workstation ) .
cheech has a variation also of this move that he calls the " go 2 cheech " , in which he lifts his opponent in an overhead gutwrench backbreaker rack & then flips his opponent over his shoulder into a lifting knee to the face .
steering was more precise , with rack and pinion steering replacing the old recirculating ball steering of the fb .
" ground quivers " stick in the ground . they may have a rack to hold your bow as well as a container to keep your arrows upright .
despite being utilized as a left - back on occasion he managed to rack up a respectable tally of 8 goals in 21 games for the burslem based club .
the mission of " lucifer the lightbearer " was , according to harman , " to help woman to break the chains that for ages have bound her to the rack of man - made law , spiritual , economic , industrial , social and especially sexual , believing that until woman is roused to a sense of her own responsibility on all lines of human endeavor , and especially on lines of her special field , that of reproduction of the race , there will be little if any real advancement toward a higher and truer civilization . "
after the initial rack , the balls are played until only the cue ball and one object ball remain on the table 's surface .
the line is one of two active transport tourist attractions in stuttgart , the other being the stuttgart rack railway ( line 10 ) .
the lower stance is accented by the 18 inch wheels and the absent roof rack , giving the torrent a smoother design flow compared to the standard torrent .
he is at his best when he gets to push the ball forward on a fast break and mostly makes the right decision on the fast break , whether it means giving up the ball or taking it to the rack by himself .
whereas a standard rack - mount server can function with ( at least ) a power cord and network cable , blade servers have many components removed to save space , minimize power consumption and other considerations , while still having all the functional components to be considered a computer .
canyon west offers shoppers a new target , burlington coat factory , petsmart , office depot , ulta salon & cosmetics , kirkland 's , dsw shoes , rack room shoes , rue 21 , world market , ross , and lifeway christian resources bookstore .
a typical installation of ara / ata or scr-274-n sets would consist of a 3.0 to 6.0 mhz , a.19 to.55 mhz , and a 6.0 to 9.1 mhz receiver in a three - unit rack .
wine rack .
locher set out to design a rack system that could be used on gradients as steep as 1 in 2 ( 50% ) .
a thin sheet of rigid material in the size and shape of a physical ball rack ( e.g. a for nine - ball ) , with holes drilled though it , which is used to make permanent in the cloth of the table , one at a time for each ball in the pattern , by placing a ball in one of the holes in the carefully placed template and tapping it sharply from above to create the cloth indentation .
the yamaha tx81z is a rack - mounted ( keyboard - less ) frequency modulation music synthesizer , which was released in 1986 .
kenta also uses an inverted variation in which he lifts his opponent into an argentine backbreaker rack , throws his opponent forward , and strikes the back of the opponent 's head with his knee .
the initial rack .
it also ensures the pinion maintains continuous contact with the rack .
the 1989 topps set , called " wave " by collectors , totals 792 cards and was issued in wax , rack , jumbo packs , vending boxes or factory sets .
the winners of new york city 's bike rack competition are scheduled to be announced at the third annual national design week in october 2008 in addition to the balance of the national design awards .
in mexico , a minority of players rack with the 8 ball rather than the apex ball on the foot spot , a trait in common with british 8-ball pool . pocketing
the mouse has been thrown up to the china rack and drops a plate down onto jasper instead of himself .
the rack is a torture device consisting of a rectangular , usually wooden frame , slightly raised from the ground , with a roller at one , or both , ends , having at one end a fixed bar to which the legs were fastened , and at the other a movable bar to which the hands were tied .
after the chinese had a legal break at the final rack , fu missed a two - ball carom on the corner pocket , that led to the run - out by the filipino team of reyes and bustamante to advance to the final .
first class passengers have a full suite , complete with closing doors to ensure privacy , a mini - bar , a coat rack and storage .
the kulintang a kayo ( literally , “ wooden kulintang ” ) is a philippine xylophone of the maguindanaon people with eight tuned slabs arranged horizontally atop a wooden antangan ( rack ) .
the film begins with naomi arkoff ( robin sydney ) being taken by her father carver arkoff ( steve kramer ) into the basement of their castle home in rome , italy , where there lies a rack .
the rack , at speed , can be as fast as a canter .
a birdy can fit into a standard airline - legal 29 " suitcase , but this requires the pedals , wheels , and rear rack to be removed .
7x10 9x12 rack toms 11x14 13x16 floor toms , 22x22 kick
most us air force aircraft will be able to carry ( using the bru-61/a rack ) a pack of four sdbs in place of a single 2,000 lb bomb .
ogam adlenfid / letter rack ogham : this variety involves a single score against the stemline in the manner of the appropriate " aicme " , with as many horizontal strokes at the end of it as needed for the letter .
