essentially , tone mapping addresses the problem of strong contrast reduction from the scene values ( radiance ) to the displayable range while preserving the image details and color appearance important to appreciate the original scene content .
genln2 - general purpose line by line atmospheric transmittance and radiance model .
similarly , in path of radiance , thieves may steal weapons and items in the same manner as thracia 776 , but only items that are unequipped .
in " yasna " 43 - 44 , ahura mazda dispenses justice through radiance of his fire and the strength of aša .
radiance includes sports competitions amongst students and teachers , which include table tennis , carrom , football , cricket , kabaddi , and volley ball .
ah ! show me your face and let me contemplate your radiance .
israel enables us to bear the agony of auschwitz without radical despair , to sense a ray [ of ] god 's radiance in the jungles of history . "
in this step of the algorithm , the photon map created in the first pass is used to estimate the radiance of every pixel of the output image .
the central dome is covered by golden discs and reflects sunlight , which gives the structure its characteristic radiance .
the fact that this is not in line with the - compared to today 30% lower - solar radiance of the early sun has been described as the faint young sun paradox .
connie barlow and michael dowd 's great story divides the epic into 8 phases eons or eras : the great radiance , the galactic , hadean , archean , proterozoic , paleozoic , mesozoic , and cenozoic .
she is an internationally published poet with a collection called " radiance " , and has published a novel called " full fathom five " under her maiden name , kate humphrey .
the images on the right show the interior of a church , a scene which has a variation in radiance much larger than that which can be displayed on a monitor or recorded by a conventional camera .
radiance department of mechanical engineering , iit bombay .
" the moon 's shadow " is a novel from the " saga of the skolian empire " by catherine asaro which tells the story of jaibriol qox iii — how he became emperor of eube after the interstellar radiance war , and founded peace talks between his people , the eubians , and those of the skolian imperialate .
does his opera give us joan in all her innocence and radiance ?
the bent normal can be used to look up incident radiance from an environment map to approximate image - based lighting .
other cruises affected by the storm include " radiance of the seas " , " mariner of the seas " , " ms veendam " and " ms statendam " .
most notable about this game is the option to have " real character death " , unlike other such graphical " ad&d " games ( such as " pool of radiance " ) .
the radiance that they give off is like that of a peacock spreading its feathers , conceited and arrogantly striding ahead with their chins up .
radiance class ships have all the features of rci , as well as grand public rooms such as on the queen mary 2 .
it is used for precomputed radiance transfer - a technique similar to spherical harmonics lighting that is used for precomputed global illumination and soft ambient lighting .
as dashapraharana dharini durga ( goddess durga with her 10 weapons ) she would be able to vanquish evil ; as lakshmi she would be able to disburse prosperity all over and as saraswati she would dispel the gloom of ignorance and spread the radiance of knowledge all around her .
the original " pool of radiance " game shipped with a 28-page introductory booklet , which describes secrets relating to the game and the concepts behind it .
radiance ( play ) .
mipham 's commentary on the guhyagarbha tantra is entitled " the essence of clear light " or " nucleus of inner radiance " ( ) — it is based on longchenpa 's commentary , " dispelling darkness in the ten directions " which explains the guhyagarbha from the dzogchen point of view .
in addition , his wife 's is " renaissance " and his daughters ' are " rosebud " and " radiance " .
the word melammu , which means " divine radiance , splendour , nimbus , aura , " is an akkadian loanword from sumerian .
the contributor felt that " the pool of radiance series set the stage for " dungeons & dragons " to make a major splash in the video game world . "
god ( ahura mazda ) granted him the supernatural radiance called " farr " ( avestan " xvarənah " ) , reserved to kings .
scott battaglia of gamespy said " pool of radiance " is " what many gamers consider to be the epitome of " advanced dungeons & dragons " rpgs .
monte singman is the founder and ceo of radiance digital entertainment。 he currently doubles as chief professor at shanghai theatre academy heading up digital entertainment graduate school and founder of the igda shanghai chapter .
in 1987 , ssi acquired the advanced dungeons & dragons ( ad&d ) license from tsr and published 30 ad&d titles over the following years , starting with " pool of radiance " in 1988 .
radiance digital entertianment is a chinese operator and developer of online games , based in shanghai , established in june , 2005 .
however , soren similin , who is in charge of building the weapon ( but none of the scientists working on the project realise this ) , and who is also the secretary of the leader of radiance , has found another candidate to be the weapon bearer ; seeker 's brother blaze .
in radiance they worship the sun , and in order to make the sun rise the next day , every evening a sacrifice must be made by throwing a person from the cliff .
the reviewer was critical that " pool of radiance " was not original in its presentation and that the colors were a little drab , but concluded that the game is " classic " dungeons & dragons " which ssi have recreated excellently " .
would she have , without the strain of this trial , radiance ?
the radiance of an optical system is equal to the derivative of the radiant flux with respect to the étendue .
more applicable radiometric methods emit radiance towards the object and then measure its reflected part .
maza long has acted in film radiance , on stage in the sapphires and worked as a tv presenter on abc 's message stick and sbs 's icam .
radiance is also sometimes called " intensity " , especially by astronomers and astrophysicists , and in heat transfer .
radiance is a suite of tools for performing " lighting simulation " originally written by greg ward .
more should be written about the singular radiance of the master 's painting technique , in which a spiritual light seems to flicker as a jewel across faces , hands , drapery , and sky .
dehuai reveals his plans - to perform the demon gate invocation to summon the seraphic radiance , a powerful entity to destroy shanghai .
大光明 daikoumyo means great koumyo.and 光明 koumyo means the ' bright light ' of illumination - the light of your heart - the radiance of a deity .
along the way similin encounters morning star 's mother , ( who was in fact rejected by the nomana , and fled in disgrace ) and she tags along with him and blaze on their way back to the city of radiance .
" spherical harmonic " is a science fiction novel from the saga of the skolian empire series of books by catherine asaro which tells the story of pharaoh dyhianna selei ( dehya ) , ruler of the skolian imperialate , trying to reunite her family after the radiance war fought by the imperialate and their enemy eubian concord .
the game provides three choices : players may select a premade character , create their own , or import characters from previous ssi dungeons & dragons computer games , such as " pool of radiance " and " curse of the azure bonds " .
tellius : " path of radiance " –
the review noted that transferring characters from " pool of radiance " is a good idea , as this " will give you a headstart in the game . "
this function will map scene radiance values " y " in the domain formula_2 to a displayable output range of formula_3 .
passive methods of 3d reconstruction do not interfere with the reconstructed object , they only use a sensor to measure the radiance reflected or emitted by the object 's surface to infer its 3d structure .
it thus illustrates not only the adoption of the mesopotamian concept of " divine radiance " by the persians , but also the assimilation of an important iranian deity to a mesopotamian one with the concomitant adoption of a whole system of religious beliefs , cultic practices , ideological doctrines , and artistic conventions .
first he describes ranganatha as gyan ( true and perfect knowledge ) , bhala or power , in this case ability to support the whole universe , aishwarya ( incomparable wealth and ruler ship of the universe ) , veerya ( untiring virility ) , shakthi ( power to act without extraneous help ) , agni ( unmatched radiance ) , souseelya ( purest character ) , vaatsalya ( pure unmitigated love ) , maardava ( affectionate tenderness towards devotees ) , aarjava ( honesty ) , souhardha ( thinking of good only ) , samya(equanimous one ) , karunya(merciful ) , madhurya ( sweet even to enemies ) , gambheerya ( majesty and nobility ) , audharya ( giving out liberally ) , chathurya ( intelligence , ability to change even enemies into friends ) , sthairya ( determined to stay on chosen course ) , dhairya ( undaunted courage to bring succour to the bhakthas ) , sowrya ( ability to fight alone ) , parakrama ( winning the battles effortlessly ) , sathya kaama ( having thy will ever fulfilled ) , sathya sankalpa ( having thy deeds fully executed ) , krutithvam ( carrying out the duties of god ) , kruthangnathai ( remembering with gratitude even a little worship offered to him ) and repository and ocean of all such innumerable virtues ; he is parabrahman and purushotthaman ( foremost of men ) .
his three most recent ballets premiered at the joyce theater in new york on march 25 , 2009 : " dust " , " radiance " and " the spaghetti ballet " .
red connotes radiance and the vibrancy of msu ’s role in education against the black colour which denotes change and the challenges confronting it .
there is also an interesting prediction of a nuclear weapon , describing the effects as " searing , killing , unbearable radiance " and creating a " tremendous mushroom - shaped cloud which was hurling itself upward at an appalling pace and spreading itself outward almost as fast . "
the fact that this is not perfectly in line with the - compared to today 30% lower - solar radiance of the early sun has been described as the " faint young sun paradox " .
possibly also its radiance passes , but not its body . "
the power divided by the effective mode volume is proportional to the radiance of the light emitted by the fiber .
the third part spans valdemar calling his dead hosts from their graves , the undead 's restless roaming and savage hunt around castle at night , until the horde , driven by the radiance of the sunrise , recedes back into death 's sleep .
when afterwards the throne of world - sway was adorned by the radiance of his majesty the king of kings , kamāl khān in accordance with the former services and devotion of his family which were graven on his heart , brought the countenance of supplication to the lofty court , and by kissing the threshold gave a new foundation to the pillars of hereditary devotion , and showed himself to be an adherent of the victorious stirrup .
the quasielemental planes were never mentioned in 3rd edition at all , although an article on the plane of radiance appeared in " dragon " # 321 as the antithesis of the plane of shadow rather than as a quasielemental plane .
the spread of the concept of " divine radiance " can be traced by observing the diffusion and transformations of the relevant iconographic motif .
radiance defined an image format for storing hdr images , now described as " rgbe image format " .
it is pure knowledge itself , similar to a source of infinite radiance .
day of radiance .
upwelling radiance is measured at different frequencies ; these different frequency bands sample a different weighted range of the atmosphere .
" radiance " is a play by australian author and playwright louis nowra .
in fact , perhaps tellingly , the narrator early in the story describes ligeia 's beauty as " the radiance of an opium - dream . "
radiance is defined as energy flow per unit normal area per unit solid angle per unit time .
the ring is wielded by galadriel of lothlórien , and possesses radiance that matches that of the stars ; while frodo baggins can see it by virtue of being a ring - bearer , samwise gamgee tells galadriel he only " saw a star through your fingers " .
the section of the " forgotten realms " world in which " pool of radiance " takes place was intended to be developed only by ssi .
tampa in 2010 will also be the seasonal home to holland america line 's ms " ryndam " , as well as royal caribbean international 's ms " grandeur of the seas " and ms " radiance of the seas " .
after a series of events taking up more than half the book , similin manages to form an alliance between the jahan and radiance so they can destroy anacrea with the use of charged water , which has huge explosive power .
the gardens were extensively planted with many varieties of roses including radiance , columbia , rose marie , irish charm , imperial potentate and american beauty which he painted into his canvases depicting the morgan porcelains begun in new york .
jack strong plays bass in the acacia strain , and dave marcus now plays drums for the band farewell radiance .
radiance of the seas is the first cruise ship to feature pool tables that are stabilized by a computer - controlled gyroscope .
one reason for this must be that the spectral sensitivity functions of the cones overlap , but another explanation might be that natural radiance functions tend to be smooth ( as opposed to choppy ) .
their music has been featured in the films " radiance " , " yolngu boy " and " saturday night , sunday morning " .
a radiance scene is made from one or more object files .
its inner trigram is ( 離 lí ) radiance = ( 火 ) fire , and its outer trigram is ( 艮 gèn ) bound = ( 山 ) mountain .
she decides to go along with them and soon they arrive in radiance , which is led by soren similin .
the positive quasielemental expressions of earth , water , air and fire are minerals , steam , lightning and radiance , respectively ; their negative counterparts are dust , salt , vacuum and ash .
probably the first practical application of hdri was by the movie industry in late 1980s and , in 1985 , gregory ward created the radiance rgbe image file format which was the first ( and still the most commonly used ) hdr imaging file format .
b. nathansohn , correspondent of the warsaw - based jewish newspaper " hamelitz " visited romania in the summer of 1878 and wrote , " when a jew enters a yiddish theatre in bucharest he is thunderstruck hearing the yiddish language in all its splendor and radiance " , and called upon goldfaden to create similar theatres in warsaw , lublin , vilna , berdichev , and balta .
the tiffany mount also shows off the diamond and may maximize its radiance .
pleased with the generosity of bali , vishnu grants him a boon that he could return to earth for one day in a year to be with his people and light millions of lamps to dispel the darkness and ignorance and spread the radiance of love and wisdom .
a player can import characters from " pool of radiance " into " hillsfar " , although the characters are reduced to their basic levels and do not retain weapons or magical items .
lblrtm - the line - by - line radiative transfer model is an accurate , efficient and highly flexible model for calculating spectral transmittance and radiance .
many patients , regardless of their illness exhibit a sense of “ inner radiance ” which is generally beneficial for healing processes .
in time , radiance would duel it out with the angry huang gun while huang feihu made his escape .
shambhala buddhism partly derives from the teachings of shambhala , as originally proclaimed by chögyam trungpa , which state that " there is a natural source of radiance and brilliance in the world , which is the innate wakefulness of human beings .
he was never tired of looking at the prophet whose face appeared to him as having all the radiance of the sun and he was never tired of listening to him .
leung grew in self - assurance and skill throughout the ballet from her initial entrance in act i , and performed this final duet with radiance .
this is primarily used as a unit of spectral radiance or sterance .
gruau 's illustrations reinvented many of the designs and gave them lambency and radiance that the fashion industry previously lacked .
he listed the quasi - elemental planes as lightning ( between air and the positive material plane ) , steam ( between water and the positive material plane ) , radiance ( between fire and the positive material plane ) , mineral ( between earth and the positive material plane ) , vacuum ( between air and the negative material plane ) , ash ( between fire and the negative material plane ) , salt ( between water and the negative material plane ) , and dust ( between earth and the negative energy plane ) .
its geographical position and the radiance of its natural beauty has made an inundation of invaders call this place home .
the characters use the top left window for movement , with the status panel on the right and the commands along the bottom , similarly to " pool of radiance " .
the flow of radiation energy through a small area element in the radiation field can be characterized by radiance formula_4 .
all that is created is in motion , to the radiance of the one who created all things , wakȟáŋ tȟáŋka .
a novelization of " pool of radiance " , written by james m. ward , was released in november 1989 .
the contrast radiant intensity method of defining infrared signature is to take the difference in average radiance of the object and that of the immediate background and multiply this by the projected area of the object .
in the traditional pre - olympian divine genealogy , helios , the sun , is selene 's brother : after helios finishes his journey across the sky , selene , freshly washed in the waters of earth - circling oceanus , begins her own journey as night falls upon the earth , which becomes lit from the radiance of her immortal head and golden crown .
the radiance class of royal caribbean cruise ships sits between the vision class and voyager class .
the work is entitled " radiance , reflection , revelation " by artist sarah hall .
the first game produced in the series was " pool of radiance " , released in 1988 .
she was fixed with the stigmata of her crucified savior , experienced levitations , transverberations of the heart , knowledge of hearts , prophecies , possession by the good angel , and facial radiance .
an aureola or aureole ( diminutive of latin " aurea " , " golden " ) is the radiance of luminous cloud which , in paintings of sacred personages , surrounds the whole figure .
maurice 's set had laughed at trinity , but they could not ignore its disdainful radiance , or deny the superiority it scarcely troubles to affirm .
he finds the five former disciples , and they are awed by his radiance and arise to serve him .
stains the white radiance of eternity ,
the trio go to the city of radiance , where a weapon is being constructed , with the purpose of destroying the nom .
his radiance is extremely childish and does n't seem to realize the tension between the two nations .
from planck 's law of black body radiation we have for the spectral radiance at frequency formula_1
this book overlaps with " ascendant sun " which tells the events after the radiance war from the point of view of new skolian imperator kelricand " the moon 's shadow " which centers on eubian emperor jaibriol iii and his efforts to start peace talks with skolians after the war .
transfiguration , in religion , refers to the assumption by spiritual masters , or its perception by their followers , of momentary divine radiance .
" from our shadow into your radiance "
in greek mythology , phaethusa ( φαέθουσα ) , or phaëtusa ( " radiance " ) was a daughter of helios and neaera , the personification of the brilliant , blinding rays of the sun .
since the radiation is the same in all directions , and propagates at the speed of light ( c ) , the spectral radiance ( energy / time / area / solid angle / frequency ) of radiation exiting the small hole is
the royal guard of the city of radiance is made up of axers , who are very large , powerful men .
in 1988 , the first in a line of " forgotten realms " computer role - playing games , " pool of radiance " was released by strategic simulations , inc.
only she can bear to look at him without being blinded by his radiance .
the sword emits a deadly radiance that quickly kills anyone who receives even a minor wound from it .
the first gold box game " pool of radiance " was given a score of 90% by commodore user .
the mouth pieces of jama’ate - islami i.e. news papers and magazines “ dawat ” , “ radiance ” are publishing caste based matrimonial in its regular issues .
hitran is the world - wide standard for calculating or simulating atmospheric molecular transmission and radiance from the microwave through ultraviolet region of the spectrum .
interestingly , this very subtle radiance is believed also to be experienced , though rarely noticed , in more mundane moments such as fainting , sneezing , and orgasm , as well as in the first instant before and after dreaming . "
in order to get her husband back and save her people from the power - hungry aristo caste of eube , she launches an attack that will become known as the radiance war .
on game rankings , " fire emblem " averages 88% , " the sacred stones " averages 85% , " path of radiance " averages 86% , and " radiant dawn " averages 78% .
pauline kael wrote of the performance as possessing " the grinning infectiousness of carole lombard , [ and ] the radiance of the very young lauren bacall , " while roger ebert compared her to rita hayworth in " gilda " and marilyn monroe in " some like it hot " , and described the film as " one of the movies they will use as a document , years from now , when they begin to trace the steps by which pfeiffer became a great star . " " variety " singled out her performance of ' makin ' whoopee ' , writing that pfeiffer " hits the spot in the film 's certain - to - be - remembered highlight ... crawling all over a piano in a blazing red dress .
the radiance emitted over a frequency range formula_18 or a wavelength range formula_19 can be obtained by integrating the respective functions .
why did you hold out the promise of a beautiful day , causing me to leave home without even a cloak , when now you have allowed clouds to hide your radiance ?
he praised amy adams , saying the " screen magic " she displays " hasn’t been this intense since the heyday of jean arthur , " and he noted frances mcdormand achieved her " metamorphosis from glum stoicism to demure radiance with impressive comic understatement . "
spectral radiance comparisons would need to be performed to determine if any of the rosat sources are likely to be the x - ray source detected by the march 15 , 1963 , aerobee - hi sounding rocket flight .
the sun breaks thro ' its radiance to outpour
the process of constructing a temperature record from a radiance record is difficult .
as a result of human activities , smog during the day and light radiance during the night are often seen above large cities ( see also light pollution ) .
" computer gaming world " printed a preview of " pool of radiance " in its july 1988 issue , in which the reviewer noted a sense of " deja vu " .
in the " pool of radiance " novel and game , the protector baelnorn miroden silverblade is kidnapped by a cult .
beren held out the silmaril , hoping that its radiance would avert the beast , but he was mistaken .
it has the same radiance because , although the emitted power from a given area element is reduced by the cosine of the emission angle , the size of the observed area is decreased by a corresponding amount .
nash 's novels include " east wind , rain " , " radiance " , " the last magic " , and an unpublished novel,"the wildwood " .
it is life ’s worldly cares — that obscuring and distracting " dome of many - coloured glass "— not death that is the enemy and the source of human despair . " follow where all is fled , " he urges , and he goads his own heart into having the courage to face not extinction but " that light whose smile kindles the universe . " the poem concludes by imagining adonais to be a part of " the white radiance of eternity . "
it designed by interactive designs and radiance software .
its inner trigram is ( 艮 gèn ) bound = ( 山 ) mountain , and its outer trigram is ( 離 lí ) radiance = ( 火 ) fire .
cook , with jim ward , steve winter , and mike breault , co - wrote the adventure scenario that was adapted into the game " pool of radiance " .
the ms " jewel of the seas " is a cruise ship belonging to royal caribbean 's " radiance " class .
all lyrics written by jean - luc de meyer except radiance written by jean - luc de meyer and valery steele
for an approximate estimate of direct illumination , the photon map is used to calculate the radiance contribution .
children are bathed in the same vitasta or ganges water and dressed in bright red , orange , or yellow silk robes , representing the radiance of mithra 's glory .
as we tread life 's pathways in thy radiance true ,
radiance class .
characters can also be transferred from pool of radiance & curse of the azure bonds .
her afi win was for playing the character " nona " in the australian independent film " radiance " in 1998 , from here she has since become one of australia 's most prominent local actors especially through her lead role on " the secret life of us " , a role for which she was twice awarded most outstanding actress in a drama series at the logies ( 2002 and 2004 ) .
the product line includes pure radiance day moisturizer spf 20 , skin perfecting night treatment , accelerating booster wrinkle corrector , instantly brightening polishing mask , smart foam face wash , save face water - resistant sun shield spf 30 , and pu - erh tea sachets .
its use is particularly varied , as it is sometimes used as the title screen theme , while in " path of radiance " , the song is not heard until the very end of the game , when each character 's performance is ranked .
" the technological environment heightens rather than denies the radiance of genuine focal things "
pool of radiance : ruins of myth drannor .
" radiance " is a 1998 australian independent film .
pool of radiance .
an algorithm is applied to the six images to recreate the high dynamic range radiance map of the original scene ( a high dynamic range image ) .
technically speaking the vision class consists of three pairs of sister ships and is not a " class " of ships in the same sense as the radiance , freedom or voyager classes .
dominant skin characteristics ( an individual 's skin may include more than one ) : " light amber with gold tones " ; " darker suntanned look with a yellow undercast " ; " there is a tendency to blush easily " ; " often very rosy " ; " there is a lively appearance to skin - tone " ; " the overall appearance of ' spring ' is ' radiance ' " .
a different but equivalent explanation of the fact that buddhist deities choose not to show themselves as they are , but manifest themselves as " kami " was expressed in a poetic form with the expression , which meant that to assist sentient beings , deities " dimmed their radiance and became identical to the dust of the profane world " .
the radiance board providing the backdrop and halo for the statue incorporates decorative elements and symbolism .
the si unit of radiance is watts per steradian per square metre ( w·sr-1·m-2 ) .
" polly browne , played with lit - from - within radiance and drop dead beauty by meredith patterson .
of radiance that i could see no thing .
starting in 1988 with " pool of radiance " , ssi produced a series of " gold box " crpgs based on the " advanced dungeons & dragons rules " .
additionally , support has been added for hdri , including the openexr and radiance file formats , and improved bounding using bsp trees .
from 2010 a tehno management fest radiance is bieng organized by mining department .
radiance ( film ) .
it originates from sanskrit where it is used to describe " radiance " or " sparkle " .
" pool of radiance " takes place in the forgotten realms fantasy world .
its inner trigram is ( 震 zhèn ) shake = ( 雷 ) thunder , and its outer trigram is ( 離 lí ) radiance = ( 火 ) fire .
albion , the forgotten ones , rithaine , laconia , velkyn vel've , rokugan , legion exsilium , the empyrean , chosen blood , carcosa , teradox , new mordom , radiance , no quarter ! , chendrolyn , the republic of hârn , and kindred .
" pool of radiance " received positive reviews , with tony dillon from " commodore user " giving it a score of 9 out of 10 .
the silmarils ( quenya pl . silmarilli , " radiance of pure light " ) were made out of the crystalline substance " silima " by fëanor , a noldorin elf , in valinor during the years of the trees .
the use of high dynamic range imaging ( hdri ) in computer graphics was introduced by greg ward in 1985 with his radiance rendering and " lighting simulation " software which created the first file format to retain a high dynamic range image .
stan stepanic of gamefreaks365 gave a highly positive , though somewhat reserved , review of the nes port of " pool of radiance " , scoring it at 8/10 .
while some may think of equanimity as dry neutrality or cool aloofness , mature equanimity produces a radiance and warmth of being .
for real , passive , optical systems , the output radiance is " at most " equal to the input , unless the index of refraction changes .
shaw recognized a spirited radiance in the young actress , which was ideally suited for playing his heroines .
after a long hiatus maria vidal an internationally renowned artist , whose hit single " body rock " of the billboard hit song cut a 2009 hen house cd titled " living in radical radiance " .
the song " flat tire " from " radiance " was a hit and had wide radio airplay in the philippines , particularly the radio station nu 107 .
spectral radiance has si units w·sr-1·m-2·hz-1 when measured per unit frequency interval , and w·sr-1·m-3 when measured per unit wavelength , although the latter is rarely used in favor of units such as w·sr-1·m-2·nm-1 .
this was followed by mami kawada 's major debut ( " radiance " single ) in february 2005 , and eiko shimamiya 's ( " ulysses " album ) the same year in april . mell and
but he communicated the essence of the buddha ’s teaching and in his daily life by his presence alone , in silence , and in a radiance achieved through , as he once said , ' nature ’s orders . ' "
in 1984 , radiance signed to qwest records / warner bros. , and released the lp " pick ' n choose " in 1985 which yielded the hit single " all night " which scored in the " billboard " black singles top 100 chart ( # 81 ) and the maxi - single "
one legend says her sister was born from the radiance of prajapati ’s face , while alakshmi was born from his back .
the best of kitty vol . 2 ” in 2000 , which also contained the anime ovas " slight fever syndrome " and " balthus- tia 's radiance " .
each card with radiance has an effect which is applied to the target and all cards in play with the same color(s ) .
" resplendent in purple and gold , constantine made a ceremonial entrance at the opening of the council , probably in early june , but respectfully seated the bishops ahead of himself . " as eusebius described , constantine " himself proceeded through the midst of the assembly , like some heavenly messenger of god , clothed in raiment which glittered as it were with rays of light , reflecting the glowing radiance of a purple robe , and adorned with the brilliant splendor of gold and precious stones . "
the song will be included on her upcoming album " radical radiance " .
radiance is the annual research and technical festival organized by the mechanical engineering department of indian institute of technology bombay ( iitb ) , mumbai , ( india ) .
x - ray astrometry becomes a serious concern that results in ever greater demands for finer angular resolution and spectral radiance .
in 1949 , during the chinese civil war , he joined the staff of the south china morning post and it was his experience in hong kong and china that inspired " the retreat of radiance " .
in a world in orbit around a binary system , once every 5 years it is bathed in a bizarre radiance that rearranges physical reality .
important trichotomies discussed by aquinas include the causal principles ( agent , patient , act ) and the acts of the intellect ( concept , judgment , reasoning ) , both rooted in aristotle ; the transcendentals of being ( unity , truth , goodness ) ; and the requisites of the beautiful ( wholeness , harmony , radiance ) .
ruins of adventure is a dungeons & dragons module based on the popular " gold box " computer role - playing game " pool of radiance " , published in 1988 by strategic simulations , inc. ( ssi ) .
would she have , without the strain of this trial , radiance ? "
while the ancient neoplatonists held that the augoeides never descends hypostatically into the living man , but only more or less sheds its radiance on the inner man – the astral soul –
since the eye is an optical system , radiance and its cousin luminance are good indicators of how bright an object will appear .
he also cites the " ornament for the mahayana sutras " , which explains that bodhisattvas on this level burn up the afflictive obstructions and the obstructions to omniscience with the radiance of their wisdom .
this port was published in north america during the same year by radiance software .
its inner trigram is ( 兌 duì ) open = ( 澤 ) swamp , and its outer trigram is ( 離 lí ) radiance = ( 火 ) fire .
the 1,170-card set will pack out across four 2009 upper deck basketball products : lineage ( april 1 ) ; radiance ( april 29 ) ; upper deck ( sept. 22 ) ; and first edition ( sept. 29 ) .
the spiritual radiance and integrity of his character , faultless synchronicity of his deeds with the principles he preached and the purity of his sentiments added to the motivating power of his pen and voice .
other vedic hymns describe soma as having a " ruddy radiance " , reflecting the color of the flowers of the sacred lotus .
they are outer indications of the inner spirit that knows of no reverse or disappointment ; of the personality that is unconquerable in its hopes , of the spiritual radiance that is always a fountain of inspiration to others .
recently she was rehired to represent their " advanced radiance age - defying liquid makeup " foundation .
in the context of the skillful mindstream doctrine , this ' absolute truth ' is cognate with the mindstream substrate , the base or foundation of mind , lucidity and consciousness and is known in the nyingmapa and bonpo traditions of dzogchen as the ' clear light ' ( wylie : od gsal " ) also rendered as ' inner radiance ' and ' luminosity ' .
inanna is the goddess of love and is one of the sumerian war deities : " she stirs confusion and chaos against those who are disobedient to her , speeding carnage and inciting the devastating flood , clothed in terrifying radiance .
as a result , nec 's ads dominated the pages of turboplay , although one could also find ads for mail - order companies and a small roster of third - party publishers : tengen ( klax ) , radiance software ( sidearms ) , igs ( sonic spike , cybercore , sinistron , tricky kick ) , and working designs ( cadash , parasol stars , cosmic fantasy 2 , exile , exile 2 , vasteel ) .
ian moffitt ( 31 july 1926 – 1 november 2000 ) was an australian journalist and novelist best known for his best - selling novel " the retreat of radiance " .
they match each other well in radiance and beauty giving a unique style and an elegant taste to the university .
dreamers are ushered into the world by the radiance of the crystal to become archons , a race of humanoids with wings .
the apparent temperature difference method of defining infrared signature gives the physical temperature difference ( in kelvins ) between the object of interest and the immediate background if the recorded radiance values had been measured from perfect blackbody sources .
a reviewer of the 1975 metropolitan museum of art exhibition found a resemblance between the concept of the central panel and albrecht dürer 's engraving " melencolia i " ( 1514)—in the figure 's pose , the bat form , and the panel 's radiance — suggesting that bacon 's late triptychs evoke " memorable figural formulations " of classic western culture .
in their july 1989 review of the game " hillsfar " , " dragon " compared that game to " pool of radiance " .
53 , march 1996 ; yamamura , " yoshida fujio : painter of radiance " , fuchu art museum , 2002
during the radiance war , escomm has gathered 2,000,000 ships to conquer a main skolian base , the onyx platform .
todd gilchrist and christopher monfette go further with their praise of the performance , writing , " robb , meanwhile , has the same sort of radiance that natalie portman did at her age , and seems poised to become one of hollywood 's next great child actors .
the radiance emitted by the goddess symbolizes to the project the powerful impact of mesopotamian culture on the surrounding world and later cultures , while the king symbolizes the crucial role of imperial courts in the preservation , transformation and diffusion of this cultural heritage .
on director rachel perkins he stated " visually perkins is not a natural fit for this material ... " comparing it to her 1998 feature , radiance but " ... here she enthusiastically takes to the moments of farce and productions numbers .
radiance .
his most significant plays are " così " , " byzantine flowers " , " summer of the aliens " , " radiance " , and " the golden age " .
the exterior surfaces are clad in stainless steel , which gives them a special radiance in keeping with the religious character of the building .
accompanied by a religious choral sung by his ten - year old son , he finally disappears into the white radiance from which he came .
and when this happens , beings have mostly been reborn into the realm of radiance [ as devas ] ; and there they dwell , made of mind , feeding on rapture , self - luminous , traversing the air , continuing in glory ; and thus they remain for a long , long period of time .
in noman , the city of radiance has collapsed : overrun by thieves and bandits .
some of his short and earlier poems are described by r. h. hutton as " unequalled for grandeur of outline , purity of taste and radiance of total effect " ; while his latest and longest , " the dream of gerontius " , attempts to represent the unseen world along the same lines as dante .
alex simmons , doug johns , and andy mitchell reviewed the amiga version of " pool of radiance " for " amiga action " magazine in 1990 , giving it a 79% overall rating .
cryogenic infrared radiance instrumentation for shuttle .
in nintendo 's fire emblem series of games , specifically fire emblem : path of radiance , playable characters considered essential to the plot who are killed in action are removed from the player 's roster of usable characters in subsequent battles , but still maintain their position within the protagonist 's party during the game 's cutscenes .
pool of radiance took place totally in phlan & the wilderness surrounding phlan .
radiance of shadows is the eighth full - length by canadian drone doom band nadja , released on october 8 , 2007 by alien8 recordings .
it is designed to make multi - angle observations of earth and atmospheric scene spectral polarization and radiance .
this city first came to light in the computer game called pool of radiance .
radiance ( band ) .
radiance is held in march every year over a period of two days in the iit bombay campus .
colour : the magical blue radiance gives serenity
writing after taylor 's death , tennessee williams paid tribute to " the great warmth of her heart " , saying , " there was a radiance about her art which i can compare only to the greatest lines of poetry , and which gave me the same shock of revelation as if the air about us had been momentarily broken through by light from some clear space beyond us . "
this is all scheduled to happen in a few years , and the exact minute and hour of the sun 's increase in radiance does not give the human race much time to devise a way of navigating space to an orbit as far away as mars .
it was considered to be a dramatic improvement to " pool of radiance " with introduction of new classes , better storylines and improved combat engine .
yet later , neoplatonists viewed hermes logios more mystically as origin of a " hermaic chain " of light and radiance emanating from the divine intellect ( " nous " ) .
there are several functions that provide complex operations over 3d meshes like tangent - space computation , mesh simplification , precomputed radiance transfer , optimizing for vertex cache friendliness and strip reordering , and generators for 3d text meshes .
seeker continues on his way through the glimmen but is stopped by echo kittle who has escaped from the orlans in radiance .
in regard to " super radiance " , author lynne mctaggert wrote in her 2003 book , " the field : the quest for the secret force of the universe " , says that despite ridicule " largely because of the maharishi 's own personal interests the sheer weight of the data is compelling " .
the cryogenic infrared radiance instrumentation for shuttle ( cirris 1a ) experiment was designed to measure the spectral , spatial , and temporal properties of the earth 's limb ( edge ) .
the story is a continuation of the events after " pool of radiance " .
his radiance , his essence , like light .
