the system also contains either ductwork , for forced air systems , or piping to distribute a heated fluid and radiators to transfer this heat to the air .
these systems use radiators in other locations , usually due to space constraints , to reject unwanted heat , similar to an automotive radiator cooling system .
songs by eighties - era artists such as talking heads and elvis costello show up in the radiators ' performances as well .
instead of the standard seven access doors under the radiators , these units had eight .
for many years , the series was sponsored by castrol and " haugg " ( a company owned by a race driver , providing car parts like radiators ) .
after dustwoofie , dave bounced around in other bluegrass , rock & roll and country - rock bands such as the johnny zimple band with subdude john magnie and the dr. bill malone band ( no relation ) , finally winding up in roadapple with spencer bohren and radiators bassist reggie scanlan .
thermostatic radiator valves ( air vent valves ) also exist for steam radiators .
from the world of the blues , the radiators perform standards by robert johnson , muddy waters , jimmy reed , lightnin ' hopkins , howlin ' wolf and more .
for the engine cooling , two water radiators in parallel are side mounted to the engine and an engine oil cooler is front mounted as in the diablo gt .
a later assembly mission ( the out of sequence sts-119 ) mounted the s6 truss on the s5 truss , which provided a fourth and final set of solar arrays and radiators .
the long and low copersucar fd01 , with bulbous bodywork enclosing the engine and unusual rear - mounted radiators , painted in silver with rainbow markings on the flanks , was unveiled in october 1974 at the federal senate in brasilia in the presence of president ernesto geisel .
the group began playing support shows for the choirboys and the radiators .
mast radiators are usually erected on the plain ground as these offer much better propagation than a rooftop tower .
half wave dipoles are very efficient radiators but they are narrow band ( only work over a very small frequency range ) before serious impedance mismatch occurs .
nasa maintains a list of low - outgassing materials to be used for spacecraft , as outgassing products can condense onto optical elements , thermal radiators , or solar cells and obscure them .
having previously attracted the attention of producer pete holadai of the radiators
aurea radiators are german silver construction and contain a rare french " gallay " core idetical to that of the siver ghost rolls royce ; the radiator cap is bakelite and brass and identical to that of early 20 's vintage fiat cars ( 501,503,505,509 & 510 models ) .
the 2006 models dress up the enormous radiator as well as or better than the much smaller radiators of other high - volume manufacturers .
pleven mediumwave transmitter , working on 594 khz , uses as antenna two 250 metres tall guyed mast radiators insulated against ground .
the enclosed - top trams had sliding roof windows and thermostatic - controlled radiators .
the germans instead used streamlining and positioning of traditional radiators .
the mechanicals are all located beneath the carbody , except for radiators which are located on the roof .
the fiberglass bodywork attached to the aluminium chassis was similar to the m8f , maintaining the " coke bottle " design , but with the addition of ducting on the side to feed the radiators .
the radiators were oval in shape , similar to the delaunay - belleville , giving rise to their slogan , ‘
this was to ensure that the round did not merely explode on the target aircraft 's skin , which would cause little damage , but instead penetrated and exploded when it came into contact with fuel or coolant inside the fuel tanks or radiators respectively .
the company was now europe 's largest manufacturer of central heating radiators , through its stelrad unit ; the stelrad doulton brand in bathroom products was strong ; and its " clarke checks " subsidiary had become the fourth largest printer of cheques in the united states .
while now somewhat archaic , edr is still computed and used for sizing steam boilers and radiators , and for modifying and troubleshooting older heating systems using steam or hot water .
loran - c transmitters with output powers of 1000 kw and higher sometimes use supertall mast radiators ( see below ) .
some of the oldest and most common examples are steam and hot - water radiators .
domestic hot water ( dhw ) and radiators require high water temperatures , affecting the choice of heat pump technology .
steam pipes and radiators are prone to producing banging sounds often incorrectly called water hammer .
when the two - stage merlin was introduced in the spitfire mk xi the radiators were split to make room for an intercooler radiator ; the radiator under the starboard wing was halved in size and the intercooler radiator housed alongside .
cooling is via one or two externally - mounted radiators .
the house also has rare chandeliers that can support either gas or electric lights , functional steam radiators and an intact butler 's pantry .
patents were issued on both subjects — vapor phase fabrication and space radiators .
mclaren designers gordon coppuck and tyler alexander devised a solution to this heat problem by using two radiators , one each mounted on either side of the cockpit , and drawing air from the side of the bodywork .
water cooling : by twin cross flow lightweight side mounted radiators , the deaireator control tank and pressure cap .
an example of an antenna that uses passive radiators is the yagi , which typically has a reflector behind the driven element , and one or more directors in front of the driven element , which act respectively like the reflector and lenses in a flashlight to create a " beam " .
kovalainen was not as comfortable with the car 's handling and ran a greater front wing angle to produce more downforce , at the expense of having to run larger radiators due to the reduced airflow produced over the car .
previous radiators and engine blocks were properly designed and survived durability tests , but used water pumps with a leaky graphite - lubricated " rope " seal ( gland ) on the pump shaft .
the majority of sd70mac models were produced with 4000 horsepower ( 2,980 kw ) emd model 710 prime movers , while later - production sd70macs are rated at 4300 horsepower ( 3,210 kw ) and feature sd45-style flared radiators .
founded at the turn of the last century , the company manufactured centrifugal radiators , carburetors , and micrometers , before branching into assist motors and bicycles .
construction on the vehicles started in december but had to be halted due to a lack of the special radiators , 161 of which had only be ordered on 10 october ; eventually they were manufactured from the second week of may 1940 , at this time forming the main bulk of panhard 178 production : 78 were delivered that month .
later , the label would release " party on " , a compilation of songs from the radiators ' three epic albums , and ' , another compilation with songs from the same three albums , plus some previously unreleased material .
the radiators were somewhat unique however , quite similar to those fitted to the junkers ju 88 which pioneered them , consisting of an annular block located in front of the engine , but with the ar 240 partially covering each of them in an oversized propeller spinner , with the air entering through a large hole in the front of the spinner and exiting out the cowl flaps .
in addition to dual internal opposing passive radiators on the back of each speaker , the american computer music monitor sports neodymium magnets , air ducts , switching amplifiers , active eq , and em shielding .
the addition of these radiators added significantly to the he 177 's weight and drag .
since 1997 , the t2c has been built in brazil with air - cooled engines for the brazilian market , and with water - cooled engines for the mexican market , the latter easily identified by their large , black - coloured , front - mounted radiators .
the rooms have antique brass beds , tulip - shape lights are still heated by steam radiators .
radical surgery was performed to turn the sesquiplane into a biplane , with strutted wings , wing surface radiators , enlarged tail surfaces and a set of floats also part of the redesign .
torrance is also home to the world headquarters of sunrider international , as well as the u.s. headquarters of numerous leading automotive aftermarket companies , including : alpine electronics , speed star racing wheels , tanabe racing development , koyo radiators , stoptech brakes , cosworth , and edelbrock .
the wing was all metal with flat tubular water radiators smoothly faired into the wings .
the company produced radiators , oil coolers and many other heat transfer devices that were primarily used in heavy construction equipment , tractors and trucks .
it had short - span single bay wings and a twin float undercarriage , with radiators mounted on the struts supporting the floats .
these surface radiators were made by fairey aviation and contained of tube .
the radiators from space were ireland ’s first punk band .
to solve this problem , the outer engines ' radiators were moved into deep ducts under the inner nacelles and the rudder was enlarged and redesigned with a smooth skin .
under - floor heating was installed ( during the reconstruction ) to avoid the sight of radiators .
problems with coolant leaks , coolant pumping and the realisation that large wing mounted radiators would be vulnerable to combat damage caused the project to be cancelled although valuable lessons had been learned and were put to good use with development of the later merlin .
for many years radiators were made from brass or copper cores soldered to brass headers .
engine in front , two barrel - type water lamblin radiators below the fuselage , between the landing gear .
additionally , the wave of popularity of cowpunk , a fast form of southern rock , originated with the help of several local bands , such as the radiators , better than ezra , cowboy mouth , and dash rip rock .
backward propagation predictions can be used to analyze the surface vibration patterns of acoustic radiators such as ultrasonic transducers .
koç took important steps in industry in the 1950s and manufactured automobiles , household appliances , radiators , electronic devices , textiles and matches .
lummer 's findings , along with others , on black body radiators led max planck to reconcile his earlier planck 's law of black - body radiation by introducing the quantum hypothesis in 1900 .
in addition designers also found the floor void a very convenient place to route other wet services feeding bathrooms , radiators and other facilities .
passive thermal radiators cool the wmap to ca .
modifications were carried out in 1955–1956 to make the radiators extend forward , blank off the side off exit panels and duct the hot air out through the headlight .
it has several mast radiators and broadcasts on 1233 khz with 600 kw.
a well - known example is the austin transformer for the power supply of air - traffic obstacle lamps on mast radiators insulated against ground .
he also originated the movement of radiators away from the front of the car , to decrease frontal area and , thus , drag at speed .
the engine radiators were fitted in the inner wing , just outboard of the fuselage on either side .
he did believe , by using ducted air radiators and faired propeller roots , the aircraft could reduce drag to a large extent .
like the f.370 it had streamlined features , including a shallow fin faired into the open cockpit headrest and fixed main monowheel landing gear faired into the engine and oil radiators of the engine .
use of this technique provides a better lightning protection than using just a spark gap at the mast feed , which is standard at most mast radiators insulated against ground .
assembly of dust ~ benevento / russo duo ~ bomb squad ~ dark star orchestra ~ martin sexton ~ masters of bluegrass ~ masters of funk ~ rafter bats ~ scarecrow collection ~ steve kimock band ~ strangefolk ~ the breakfast ~ the radiators ~ the slip ~ u - melt ~ zen tricksters
he rejoined back in 11th position , leaving senna to lead mansell ( who in the meantime fought back to second ) although he too entered in the pits to have his radiators cleared .
cooling is via one or two externally - mounted radiators .
electronic activity is limited , power is diverted to shunts with attached radiators , and louvers are opened to radiate excess heat .
poor fabric sewing , fragile tailskids and radiators of insufficient effectiveness plagued the british spads .
it uses as an antenna two guyed mast radiators .
while driving , radiators were covered with mylar blankets to minimize dust accumulation .
the forward fairing measured 2 feet 10 inches ( 864 mm ) long and included the reaction control system ( rcs ) computer , umbilical connection , power distribution block , ecs controller , separation controller , components for the high - gain antenna , and eight eps radiators .
aircraft with liquid - cooled piston engines ( usually inline engines rather than radial ) also require radiators .
to the first approximation , stars are black body radiators with a surface area of 4"πr"2 .
recorded in new orleans not long after hurricane katrina had devastated that city , and initially released on the radiators ' own radz records label , " dreaming out loud " did not receive wide distribution until it was picked up by sci fidelity records .
it can also be connected to a series of radiators to provide central heating but requires an electrical pump to be fitted to circulate the hot water .
the engine radiators were moved from the nacelles into the wings .
he got a job at rock on records , replacing philip chevron , who was leaving to work full time with his band , the radiators from space .
as on the prototype firefly ii and fox ii , these engines were cooled with retractable radiators .
in the late 1970s , chevron was lead singer and founding member of short - lived punk rock outfit , the radiators from space , receiving much critical acclaim , albeit little widespread popularity or financial success .
earlier designs had radiators at the ends of the holhraum , but it proved difficult to maintain adequate x - ray symmetry with this geometry .
the radiators along the windows now provide the heat for the circulation .
intakes for the radiators would be placed inside the fenders , instead of on the outer edge as on the b2k/10 .
mast radiators .
the four up units , but not the five bn locomotives , were fitted with an extended long hood , about 28 inches longer , to take enlarged radiators .
he has also worked with radio birdman , air supply , hoodoo gurus , olivia newton - john , gyan , moving pictures , 1927 , the electric pandas , soul decision , the radiators , deep blue something and ace of base .
supplementary radiators .
it featured improved aerodynamics and repositioned radiators to aid better cooling .
the gorcocks were also fitted with a variety of ventral radiators of different cross - sections and intake configurations .
tiny radiators known as heat sinks are used to convey heat from the electronic components into a cooling air stream .
the wings were redesigned and the rear bodywork reprofiled around larger radiators .
they were the first manufacturer to produce a liquid - cooled four - stroke motorcycle engine for an off road motorcycle , a design which has since been replicated by all other manufacturers ( ktm even supplied radiators to suzuki in their early water - cooling days ) .
the integrated truss structure forms the backbone of the international space station , with mountings for unpressurized logistics carriers , radiators , solar arrays , and other equipment .
" work done on premises " is the first album and first live album released by the radiators ( us ) .
starting in mid-2000 , the sd70 m was produced with sd45-style flared radiators allowing for the larger radiator cores needed for split - cooling ( split - cooling is a feature that separates the coolant circuit for the prime mover and the circuit for the air pumps and turbocharger ) .
in practice the heat exchangers did not provide anything like enough cooling capacity , one of south african murray ’s rare design failures , and were replaced by more standard radiators in the nose of the car , similar to that of the bt45 , compromising its aerodynamic efficiency .
the majority of radiators are constructed to function in automobiles , buildings , and electronics .
part two of our engine installation and mark takes on the fitting of the ducting , oil and water cooling , radiators , cowlings and finally the propeller .
in the 1930s the lorries also lost the large cast radiators in favour of first a thinner cast aluminium shell and then a cheaper steel pressed bonnet and a small diamond - shaped " tsm " badge .
during the development of the d.xii , pfalz produced several pfalz d.iii - derived prototypes with spad - type wings and windhoff " ear " radiators .
it was during this era that the radiators started playing at the m.o.m. 's ball , a notorious , private masquerade and concert held in new orleans each year before mardi gras .
university of illinois graduate and inventor/ patent holder of numerous circuit topologies and acoustic alignments , dudleston has pioneered controlled directivity loudspeaker designs , wave - launch coherence in low frequency radiators , dynamic braking in active speaker design , selectable directivity multi - way microphone arrays , feedback eliminating stage monitors , and isolated wall - mounting methods for in - wall / on - wall speaker systems .
this scheme is suitable for low refractive index radiators —
the radiators themselves were split into three sections : an oil cooler section outboard , the middle section forming the coolant radiator and the inboard section serving the cabin heater .
the cast iron firebacks work on the same principle as heating radiators .
" zig - zaggin ' through ghostland " is the fourth album by the radiators , and their third studio album .
its aerial consists of three free - standing steel - framework towers , which are ground fed radiators .
the radiators of modern cars no longer determine their shape of the grilles , which have become more abstract , the radiator being of different proportions from the grille and over 15 centimetres behind it .
the jam lasted for about 5 hours and at the end of the session the radiators were born .
photographic evidence shows that a number of british spads had the cylinder banks fairings , or even the entire upper engine cowling , cut out to compensate for the ill - functioning radiators .
drive train , front and rear suspension , brakes , radiators , master cylinders , trunions , steering columns , power steering pumps , engines , transmissions , brake drums and rotors are interchangeable with 1965 and 1966 ambassadors and classics .
to satisfy this requirement , passive radiators traditionally have a larger surface area than the active driver .
the new wedge - shaped lotus 72 was a very innovative car featuring torsion bar suspension , hip - mounted radiators , inboard front brakes and an overhanging rear wing .
further wind tunnel testing showed that there was a serious problem with the overwing radiators , at high angles of attack the wing " blanked " them from the airflow and cooling would suffer .
after barely having made it through the night , with the radiators turned off to confine the remaining lizards to the warm spaces in the cabin , marshall and amy encounter yet another problem , equally as dangerous as the lizards —
more and more cities began hosting special masquerade shows with the radiators , inspired by the m.o.m. 's ball , and the band earned the coveted closing spot on one of the main stages at the new orleans jazz & heritage festival , which they hold to this day , and where they often play before crowds of up to thirty thousand people .
as antenna two guyed mast radiators insulated against ground are used .
for cooling cpu cores , this is its primary advantage : the tremendously increased ability to transport heat away from source to a secondary cooling surface allows for large , more optimally designed radiators rather than small , inefficient fins mounted on or near a heat source such as a cpu core .
the gt3 body includes a special front bumper which increases cooling for the front - mounted radiators as well as a split spoiler at the rear .
the twin radiators for the engine were mounted on the sides of the nose .
most loran - c transmitters use mast radiators insulated from ground with heights between 190 and 220 metres .
latex julips should be stored away from sources of heat ( eg radiators ) and sunlight - both heat and ultra - violet light " rot " rubber .
a fast and highly maneuverable aircraft for its time , the xp-6 prototype took 2nd place in the 1927 u.s. national air races , and the xp-6a with wing surface radiators took first place , at 201 mph ( 323 km / h ) .
ceramic infrared radiators are ceramic bodies which , through the use of a heating wire , use a part of their surface to produce ir radiation .
since heating elements are black body radiators , they follow the stefan - boltzmann law .
recognizing the potential of steam / boiler heat in the northern united states , he established the pierce steam heating company , which manufactured and sold steel boilers and cast iron radiators .
the radiators ( album ) .
in the next two years , sloan bought the harrison radiator corporation ( radiators ) and klaxon horn ( horns ) , and organized united motors service to sell and service the entire line of products nationwide .
there are two such radiators , one on the starboard truss , and one on the port truss , each consisting of 3 panels .
the surrounding forests provide a plentiful supply of wood that is used to provide heat in the winter using stoves usually in basements , which heat water used in radiators and bathrooms .
since then , he has produced records for 38 special ( 2 albums ) , gregg allman ( 2 albums ) , cruzados ( 2 albums ) , the radiators ( 2 albums ) , the doobie brothers ( 2 albums ) and several other projects .
concomitantly there was the development of laminar ceramic infrared radiators in order to realize the construction of large heating panels .
when not in use , these valves are open to the atmosphere , and radiators and pipes contain regular air .
an armored hull made of riveted homogeneous armor steel ab-1 ( ab-2 ) , secured aircraft ’s engine , cockpit , water and oil radiators , fuel tanks .
outboard motors benefit from the use of a submerged pump to draw water for cooling , obviating the need for radiators and cooling fans , thereby simplifying the design and lowering component weight .
radiators and driveshafts were enclosed by a streamlined fairing on either side .
christ also tours regularly with the radiators across australia .
" heat generation " is the second album and first studio album from the radiators .
the four extant 721gs were re - bodied and fitted with nose - mounted radiators and the crash - absorbing deformable structures that became mandatory that season ; although no new chassis were built , they were re - designated 731s .
for example , during hot weather relatively cool groundwater can be pumped through radiators in a home and then returned to the ground in another well .
it is a matter of record that the society activated its spiritual energy radiators in order to radiate power to mitigate this disaster , four hours and 23 minutes before the event itself , and that this unprecedented period of such activity continued for three days .
a tower array is an arrangement of multiple radio towers which are mast radiators in a phased array .
the standard radiators were replaced by units from a volkswagen golf mounted behind the front wheels out of the airstream in a region of positive pressure .
at that time , the existing engines were very heavy and voluminous , they had enormous radiators for cooling , and many of accessories that did not satisfy the required characteristics to propel an aeroplane .
to further streamline the design , the radiators were installed on the upper surface of the wing .
the first , " bernelle on brecht and ... " was produced by philip chevron of the radiators and released in limited numbers by the midnite music company in 1977 .
other firms produced bicycles , paper products , pipe organs , boilers and radiators , textile machinery , abrasives , wood products , and precision tools .
the absence of standard radiators allowed murray to compensate somewhat for the large engine and fuel tanks and produce a relatively light design with a low frontal cross section ( important to reduce drag ) .
the flow of steam to individual radiators can be modulated using manual or automatic valves .
the radiators are shaded from sunlight and aligned toward the cold void of deep space .
highlights included opening for various national acts such as the spin doctors , widespread panic , the radiators , and little feat .
disadvantages include a lack of bass response ( due to phase cancellation from a lack of enclosure ( bass rolloff 3db point occurs when the narrowest panel dimension equals a quarter wavelength of the radiated frequency for dipole radiators , so for a quad esl 63 at 0.66 meters wide this occurs at around 129hz so is comparable to many box speakers .
equivalence of direct radiation ( edr ) is a standardized comparison method for estimating the output ability of space - heating radiators and convectors .
the surface radiators were replaced by a conventional circular nose opening , covered by a distinctive ' birdcage ' grille .
there were tourer and saloon options with sloping radiators , the closed cars having four - light bodies .
it uses four mast radiators and several shortwave antennas .
the design was soon dropped in favour of the p.1030 , which featured wing leading edge radiators and larger overall dimensions of 42 ft ( 12.8 m ) wingspan and 39 ft 9 in ( 12.1 m ) long .
the song is regularly performed by various artists from new orleans such as the neville brothers ( who have recorded it in a medley with the melodically - related mardi gras song " brother john " as " brother john / iko iko " ) , larry williams , dr. john , the radiators , willy deville , buckwheat zydeco and zachary richard , and can often be heard on the streets and in the bars of new orleans , especially during mardi gras .
another problem was clogged radiators from antifreeze mixtures incompatible with aluminum .
traditional cooling methods using honeycomb - type radiators were known to cause high drag in flight ; consequently it was decided to use the surface skins of the s.6 wings and floats as heat exchangers , employing a double - skinned structure through which the coolant could circulate .
the antenna pattern becomes the combination of the two sets of radiators .
radiators , inside parts , extension parts , and hovering legs are found only in games subsequent to " armored core 2 " .
we played gigs as them neighborhood boys , then a few more gigs as the weema woppas , and finally came up with the radiators . ”
the most radical feature of the original car was its use of flat plate heat exchangers mounted flush to the surface of the bodywork in place of conventional water radiators .
the first members of the xr class were rebuilt from first and second series x class locomotives , being provided with more powerful rebuilt engines cascaded from the g class , larger radiators , and a new cab to provided better driver visibility .
moštre transmitter has two mast radiators .
undercarriage and the coolant radiators were housed externally in fairings under the wings instead of within the wing centre - section .
the album failed to make much of a splash , and the radiators gave up album - making for five years , until they were signed to epic records .
furthermore , the move to a v12 engine from a radial engine required more components to be factored into the design , most significantly the need for coolant radiators ( radial engines are air - cooled ) .
in those blocks there was no central heating and people were using electric radiators ( which are energy inefficient ) .
engine cooling was via thin surface radiators on each wing .
the radiators are a rock band from sydney , australia , formed in 1978 .
the he 111j-0 was powered by the db 600 g without retractable radiators .
black body radiators are the reference by which the whiteness of light sources is judged .
edr was originally a measure of the actual surface area of radiators .
tests with the v1 showed that the outboard radiators were not sufficiently effective in providing cooling , especially at high angles of attack .
two distinctive features of early dixie flyers were their vertical windshields that were integrated into the curved cowl dash , and the spring - mounted radiators .
lamblin radiators were suspended beneath the fuselage and wire bracing was incorporated for the mid - fuselage mounted main wing and tailplane .
inside tunnels and snow sheds , the hot exhaust gases from lead units would accumulate near the top of the tunnel or snow shed , and be drawn into the radiators of trailing emd ( non - tunnel motor ) locomotives , leading these locomotives to shut down as their diesel prime mover overheated .
in fact , although a more modern gas - powered furnace has replaced the original coal - fired one , the original ornate radiators still heat the house .
temperature control was achieved using a binary gas - liquid system and hemispherical radiators mounted on the ends of the solar panels .
for a good groundwave propagation , mast radiators should be built always on a large flat area with good ground conductivity and if possible without inclination .
as well as being unable to use the oven , he could reach neither his radiators , nor a broken curtain rail .
this condition is usually caused by a poor condensate drainage strategy and is often caused by buildings settling and the resultant pooling of condensate in pipes and radiators that no longer tilt slightly back towards the boiler .
in 2003 , he reformed the radiators ( plan 9 ) along with ex - pogues bassist cait o'riordan .
thermal control was achieved through a combination of louvers , mli , kapton , paints , radiators and heater circuits .
the band 's music is recorded on reel - to - reel tape decks with crackling microphones and is played on untuned guitars , drums , and accordions , with the occasional accompaniment of household objects such as saucepans , chairs , and radiators .
the shadow marque had made its debut with an astonishing car with tiny wheels and radiators mounted on top of the rear wing designed by trevor harris ; this was unsuccessful , and more conventional cars designed by bryant replaced them ; bryant was sidelined when shadow moved into formula one but after his departure turbocharged shadow came to dominate as porsche and mclaren faded from the scene .
passive radiators are used instead of a reflex port for much the same reasons — to tune the small volume and driver for better low frequency performance .
the radiators may be mounted on walls or buried in the floor to give under - floor heat .
these have been retracted so the p1/s1 radiators could deploy .
this latter aircraft featured refined aerodynamics included surface - mounted radiators .
jimmy booked such live bands as , to name a few , muddy waters , bonnie raitt , red hot chili peppers , kid rock , the neville brothers , dirty dozen , the disco biscuits , the fabulous thunderbirds , dr. john , marcia ball , george porter , jr. , the meters , the radiators , professor longhair , asleep at the wheel , clarence ' gatemouth ' brown , the cold starring vance degeneres and including local comedian ellen degeneres and many other local , national and international acts .
in 1957 , the massage room was extended , wall radiators were installed , floors were re - tiled , and modern lighting fixtures were added .
four years after they had formed , and a year after the release of their first album , the radiators entered the studio for the first time to create " heat generation " .
later units have raised screening above the radiators at the rear .
with a wingspan of 88 ft ( 27 m ) , it may have been the largest single - engine military aircraft in the world at the time , and was fitted with the most powerful aircraft engine available , the napier cub , which was an unusual x - type engine which weighed over a ton excluding radiators .
the tallest of these mast radiators is a 271.5 metres high guyed mast , which is equipped with a cage antenna and used for longwave broadcasting .
however , using selective radiators with si pvs is still a possibility .
a fan recording of this concert quickly became the most downloaded show in the internet archive 's radiators collection .
these are factors which allow ceramic radiators to be produced in a large variety of geometric forms .
both the upper and lower wings were gulled to allow the drag of the wing / fuselage junction to be minimised , while radiators were built into the surfaces of the wings and floats .
it is applied in particular for aerials for vlf , longwave and medium - wave transmitters , because mast radiators of the necessary height can not be realised economically .
the radiators association with masquerade balls started with their appearances at the annual private party , the m.o.m.s ball , in new orleans , hosted by the krewe of mystic orphans and misfits .
this version , the t3m-2 had revised wings with the upper and lower wings of equal span ( while in the t3m-1 the lower wings were of greater span ) , and the radiator was replaced by two radiators on the fuselage side , allowing the crew to moved to three tandem individual cockpits .
the album,"funky kidz , " ( www.funkykidzmusic.com ) , also features performances by some of new orleans finest players , including the radiators , ivan neville , george porter , jr. , bonerama , papa grows funk , and " wolfman " washington .
the tornado had steam cooling ; water in the cylinder jackets was allowed to come to boiling point , and then condensed in three small triangular radiators on the hull above the power cars , or for the two midships engines was condensed in a retractable radiator and used to heat the passenger accommodation .
similar to the testarossa but departing from the bb 512 and 308/328 , the oil and coolant radiators were relocated from the nose to the sides , widening the waist of the car substantially , but making the cabin much easier to cool , since hoses routing warm water no longer ran underneath the cabin as in the older front - radiator cars .
the sending antenna originally consisted of two identical 150-metre tall mast radiators insulated against ground , which were electrically split into two parts by a dividing insulator .
the radiators feel blessed to have played with such new orleans musical royalty as professor longhair , the meters , the neville brothers , dr. john , allen toussaint , eddie bo and were even the backup band for earl king for years . “
radiators attempt to release this heat , with varying efficiency .
this not only gave the car better speed in a straight line , but also improved the cooling capabilities of the radiators .
other , less obvious , chassis alterations include an increase in the number of cooling louvres in the upper surfaces of the side pods , made in response to a change in the orientation of the main radiators within the pods , and an increase in the backward sweep of the roll bar - mounted mid wing .
the front voith l830ru transmission was removed to create space for the camera enclosure , while the number 1 radiator compartment was emptied of radiators and ancillary equipment to house a generator to power the camera equipment .
as a result , the evaporative cooling system had to be abandoned in favor of conventional annular radiators fitted directly behind each propeller , which resembled but were larger than those fitted to the junkers ju 88 a bomber .
the factory 's more than 300 windows , now blown out , created a chimney effect in the parts of the factory still standing , resulting in a fire hot enough to melt iron pipes and radiators .
also strange were the dual radiators - the car used only a small radiator ( which was also the heater core ) on starting , hastening warmup .
most production f.k.8s introduced modifications to the wings , gunner 's seat and the exhaust system , and the tall , inverted vee radiators incorporated improved tubes which reduced the blockages .
in the us , devices that are characterized as " unintentional radiators " are governed by part 15 of the fcc regulations .
the service module was a portion of the spacecraft that was unpressurized and contained fuel cells , batteries , high gain antenna , radiators , water , oxygen , hydrogen , reaction control system and propellant to enter and leave lunar orbit , and service propulsion systems .
the increased cooling requirements of the griffon engine meant that all radiators were much bigger and the underwing housings were deeper than previous versions .
the new wedge - shaped lotus 72 was a very innovative car featuring variable flexibility torsion bar suspension , hip - mounted radiators , inboard front brakes and an overhanging rear wing .
the radiators ( american band ) .
some of the prominent musicians and bands to play and record the music of little feat include the black crowes , the byrds , the bridge , garth brooks , jackson browne , steve earle , emmylou harris , taylor hicks , ron holloway , keisuke kuwata , nicolette larson , randy newman , robert palmer , the radiators , bonnie raitt , linda ronstadt , john sebastian , richard shindell , carly simon , mick taylor , van halen , joe walsh , phish , bob weir , phil lesh , sam bush , coco montoya , vince herman , inara george , stephen bruton and jimmy buffett .
this version incorporated the following improvements over the hf 4wd : new valves , valve seats and water pump , larger water and oil radiators , more powerful cooling fan and bigger air cleaner .
the practical difficulty was the need to provide condensers rather than radiators .
most cars were built with two - seater bodies and circular radiators .
two of its radiators were placed on the underside of the lift struts , close to the fuselage , with a third on the port side of the fuselage itself .
p.205 replaced the underwing radiators with an annular one around the front of the engine , a design feature commonly found on a number of german designs .
the gm volt 's battery has 4 coolers and two radiators .
these may be either oil - air radiators , as for a smaller version of the main radiator .
introduced during the dash 8 's later years were split - cooling in the radiators and electronic displays for the crews ( instead of analogue gauges ) .
the privately owned group is one of ireland 's most successful companies , it has ventured into cement and concrete products , container glass , general insurance , radiators , plastics , hotels and real estate .
he also exposes radiators throughout the house .
after much experimentation with the prototype , the production aircraft were fitted with annular radiators so their profile was similar to radial engines that would be fitted to the improved later versions .
the pretty things , david bowie , the kentucky headhunters , the radiators and holly golightly .
volker is a prolific songwriter who has written hundreds of songs , including the majority of the radiators ' original material , as well as many other songs that he reserves for his solo act .
as these open areas adopt different preferential policies , they play the dual roles of " windows " in developing the foreign - oriented economy , generating foreign exchanges through exporting products and importing advanced technologies and of " radiators " in accelerating inland economic development .
this scheme is suitable for low refractive index radiators , i.e. gases , with their larger radiator length needed to create enough photons .
the country attended to snap up memorabilia ranging from the dj booth box to radiators to emergency exit lights .
gigs performed at the casbah gave the undertones increased confidence in their musical ability , and in june 1977 they performed concerts outside of derry for the first time , supporting a dublin punk group named the radiators from space .
in cold weather it is heated with fluid from the engine cooling system flowing through two radiators
for mediumwave am stations which use an array of mast radiators , the broadcast range can be completely redirected in this manner , usually done at night to avoid skywave radio interference to a station in the opposite direction .
gabardini re - engined the g.9 with the 224-kilowatt ( 300-horsepower ) hispano - suiza hs 42 , replaced its frontal radiator with two radiators mounted on the sides of the fuselage above the leading edge of the wing , raised its cockpit , increased the gap between its fuselage and upper wing , and increased the height of its undercarriage to create the g.9"bis " .
