< " sharona muir has written a gripping personal memoir about her odyssey to rediscover and reclaim her father .
the rajasthan canal system is the major irrigation scheme of the thar desert and is conceived to reclaim it and also to check spreading of the desert to fertile areas .
porthmadog came into existence after william madocks , in 1811 , built a sea wall , the " cob " , to reclaim a large proportion of traeth mawr from the sea for agricultural use .
he later succeeded in his quest to reclaim ownership of the bar in the early 1990s .
in june 905 , camber and the other leaders of gwynedd 's new government are preparing for the imminent invasion of the exiled princess ariella , who seeks to reclaim her brother 's crown .
the government attempted to reclaim them , but was not successful because they had been legally purchased from a post office clerk .
jounochi declines to take the card back , saying he would reclaim when he grows as a duelist and beats yugi in a duel .
she had been a useful tool in helping him reclaim his crown , and perhaps he felt that she had served her purpose ; certainly , he did not lift a finger to save her from the english ..
with that turn of events out of the way , it was expected his damaged relationship with both alexis and daniel would resume , and with alexis back in the picture still trying to reclaim a piece of the meade empire , bradford was going to make his distrust of her a priority , especially after going through with the sex - change operation even as he tried to mold his son into the " golden boy " who would carry on the tradition , which he was hoping to distill on daniel before the arrest .
considerable structural improvements would have to be made to reclaim use of highway 99 and squamish area .
black hawk 's reason for crossing into illinois was that he wanted to reclaim lost lands , and perhaps , create a confederacy of native americans to stand against white settlement .
among non - orthodox jews , there is a growing tendency to avoid the gender - in - english - language debate , and to simultaneously reclaim the vocabulary of hebrew itself , by not translating these names in english prayers .
they wanted to return to what were their homes prior to the arab - israeli war , looking for their lost loved ones , harvesting crops from fields that were confiscated , and to reclaim property other than land .
the united states president believes in " divine sanction " for neo - zionism , a movement seeking for jews to reclaim israel once again .
this song tells the story of a jealous ex - boyfriend pursuing to reclaim his ex - girlfriend from a man .
before patients can reclaim their rightful place at the center of our healthcare system , ” maggie mahar notes , “ we must empower doctors and nurses to practice patient - centered care based , not on corporate imperatives , but on the best scientific research available . ”
tiahrt , who also spoke at the 30th annual march , urged marchers to “ help pro - lifers in your state ; ” toomey supported these remarks , saying to vote for pro - life candidates in order to reclaim the senate and , in turn , the courts .
their work " attempts to reclaim history by retelling it , and primarily through the perspective of the defeated , as opposed to the victors . "
under the sea , old adversaries of the doctor 's awaken , ready to take advantage of the tension and reclaim the planet earth .
the epitome of this victory is that of king ram as he returns from lanka with his bride sita having defeated the demon ravana to reclaim his throne .
despite the order , salcedo still permitted slaveowners from the united states to enter texas in order to reclaim runaway slaves .
these men discovered edward gorsuch ’s plot to reclaim his slaves the day before the resistance took place and warned william parker .
seven hundred years later , ryōko is accidentally awakened by tenchi , who gives her " one " of the gems to wear on her left wrist ( she had asked for all three ) in order to summon ryō - ohki ; the psychic link restored albeit weakened , kagato sets course for earth to reclaim his property .
in response a task force of british military and merchant ships was dispatched from portsmouth naval base ( and other naval bases ) to the islands in the south atlantic to reclaim them for the united kingdom .
income from assets within the scheme is untaxed ( although it is not possible to reclaim dividend tax ) .
in 1910 , former undefeated heavyweight champion james j. jeffries came out of retirement and said , " i feel obligated to the sporting public at least to make an effort to reclaim the heavyweight championship for the white race ....
when the sub - structure of the plywood billboard eventually gave way to the effects of weathering & had to be dismantled , the artist was able to reclaim many of the weathered plywood panels which , in turn became individual works of art .
the basic premise of " asheron 's call 2 " was that the players represented people emerging from the shelters to reclaim the world their ancestors left behind .
the couple had one daughter , mia susan kovacs , born june 20 , 1959 ; adams also supported kovacs ' struggle to reclaim his two older children after the kidnapping by their mother .
obsessed with laura ( whom he called lasha ) , stavros followed her and was believed to have died at general hospital shortly after falling down a flight of stairs while attempting to shoot luke and " reclaim " his wife .
her relationship with the free church soured in the 1870s and she sued to reclaim the church which she then gifted to the established church of scotland .
reclaim the streets is also as a term used to denote this type of political action , regardless of its actual relation to the rts movement .
according to saker , lord oblivion had come to earth to reclaim the power shadowspear was draining from his realm .
the rose project was set up to reclaim as many aircraft as possible and to upgrade them with the latest avionics and other modern systems .
however , the natives of the area managed to reclaim this land .
recovery and injuries to other left back candidates enabled bjørnebye to reclaim his place the following season , in which he scored his first goal for liverpool in a match against middlesbrough he contributed to the club 's most convincing title challenge since the inception of the premier league by supplying club strikers stan collymore and robbie fowler with precise crosses .
some systems are designed to capture and reclaim this solvent , making the process much more economical .
in 1999 the former republic of yugoslavia sought to reclaim the region of kosovo , and this led to a period of “ ethnic cleansing . ”
it is known for certain that howland fought alongside eddard during the usurper 's rebellion , and accompanied eddard 's group of seven to the tower of joy to reclaim eddard 's abducted sister lyanna .
it is the equivalent of a tightly woven patchwork quilt , overflowing with empathy , warmth , nostalgia , and a yearning to reclaim what time has taken . "
after the civil war , the reservation tribes began to reclaim their cultural identities and to improve their image in the commonwealth of virginia .
members of sinixt nation have contested this extinction , and are taking steps to reclaim their land rights in british columbia , where about 80% of their ancestral territory lies .
fujimori arrived at a time of tense relations between chile and peru , after peru 's congress passed a law the previous week in an attempt to reclaim sea territory from chile .
in 1994 he was involved in the campaign to stop the one nation party forming in geelong , and also marched for teachers ' conditions , and in the reclaim the night rallies held in his teenage years .
" he has , many times , tried and failed to reclaim the heavenly realm , however breaking of the divide between the heavenly , demonic , and human realms , he has a chance .
however , when megatron succeeded in reactivating unicron 's body , he had it reclaim the chaos - bringer 's head , extinguishing the sun and killing alpha q in the process .
he lost this city due to infighting and the cunning of the original dwarven inhabitants who came to reclaim their city .
black hawk , a highly respected sauk leader , protested the move and in 1832 returned to reclaim the illinois village of saukenuk .
the ghosts are sent to the shrineworld hagia , religious capital of the sabbat worlds and homeworld of the revered saint sabbat herself , in order to reclaim the holy world from the clutches of pater sin and his so - called " infardi " .
the player , a marine who rushes to the base and arrives ahead of the rest of the military , sets off into the base to reclaim the quantum accelerator and close the gateway .
nitrogen oxides are absorbed to form nitrosylsulfuric acid which is then returned to the glover tower to reclaim the oxides of nitrogen .
the browns then took over on offense trying to reclaim the lead from the packers .
in the 1870s , white elites worked to reclaim political power , using paramilitary groups against freedmen and their allies to terrorize them , suppress voting , and control labor .
completely ignoring that fact the russian duma voted to reclaim the city as the territory of the russian federation in 1993 .
he had abdicated his position in favor of minato namikaze , who became the fourth hokage , but was forced to reclaim his position after minato died saving the village from the nine - tailed demon fox .
police reinforcements arrived much later , and they managed to reclaim the building before dawn .
father realizes the pirates will try to reclaim her and decides to make a stand against them .
in the past decades there has been substantial scholarly and critical work done on women poets of the long eighteenth century : first , to reclaim them and make them available in contemporary editions in print or online , and second , to assess them and position them within a literary tradition .
by 1992 it would reclaim the kmji calls and evolve to all-70 's direction in 1994 ( they would also pick up the kimn calls by 1995 ) .
in his acceptance speech , gore stated , " we are trying to open up the television medium so that viewers can help to make television and join the conversation of democracy and reclaim american democracy by talking about the choices we have to make .
most blast rooms have recycling systems ranging from manual sweeping and shoveling the abrasive back into the blast pot to full reclaim floors that convey the abrasive pneumatically or mechanically to a device that cleans the abrasive prior to recycling .
additionally , the processing required to reclaim the precious substances ( including incineration and acid treatments ) may release , generate , and synthesize further toxic byproducts .
reclaim .
seeing that the situation was getting out of control , nato allowed the yugoslav army to reclaim the demilitarized zone on 24 may 2001 , and at the same time giving the rebels the opportunity to turn themselves over to kfor .
the group attempted to reclaim the land from landlords who had stolen it from farmers .
charlie and lono track max and elise to a boat off a tropical island where , although charlie understands their reasons for conning him , he has lono kill them both and reclaim the money .
the diocese of vinh and the archdiocese of hue have been trying to reclaim the church ( what is left of it and its ground ) since 1996 when it was taken back by the local government in an attempt to turn into a war symbol of american aggression .
mad pride activists seek to reclaim terms such as ' mad ' , ' nutter ' and ' psycho ' from misuse , such as in tabloid newspapers .
keese is an everyman whose life is swiftly turned upside down and as he scrambles to reclaim his sense of normalcy and dignity , he comes to think that everyone , including his family , is against him .
he was often a cruel , abusive companion , treating daenerys as little more than a tool to reclaim the westeros , prone to mood swings and fits of violence .
william willshire was never able to return to mogadore to reclaim his property .
in november 1995 , roy moved in with pat , but in december frank returned to reclaim his wife .
the sheik 's racehorse wins and the headmistress is able to get the school out of debt and reclaim the school 's pawned sports trophies with her winnings .
president conchas opts for peaceful coexistence with ucqua and pardons juan , who can now reclaim his cow with the help of his army pay and juanita 's earnings , and at last the couple can get married .
éirígí has participated in a range of campaigns including shell to sea and reclaim the republic ( athshealbhaígí an phoblacht ) which involved the organisation distributing 60,000 1916 proclamations nationwide .
auberon searched for many years , engaging in a romantic relationship with an elf - lord 's daughter , but when he returned to reclaim his throne , obrey refused to stand aside and the realm was again split by war .
this conflict saw the unification and expansion of the orcish empire of the pomarj as well as a desperate attempt by the great kingdom to reclaim its former glories .
however , more recently criticism has been mounted that giving a proprietary claim to a lender which enables the lender to reclaim the loan ahead of unsecured creditors has the effect of putting the lender in the position of a secured creditor , but without the need to register any security interest against the borrower ( and thus meaning that other creditors would not be aware of the preferential status of the lender 's claim ) .
the hero , a prince , must reclaim pieces of his crown from an evil genie .
having the same armor color as lopez , they first appear in as o'malley prepares to attack his now - captured fortress and reclaim an unnamed " device . "
blackout gives megatron his chip back and megatron vows to reduce starscream to a scrap pile , feast on the sparks of all autobots , and reclaim the allspark .
in the meantime the doctor manages to reclaim the tardis and the cryons return peri to him .
in the end , faced with going alone into the comancheria , risking torture and death daily , or doing nothing to reclaim his family , parker chose to go alone into the comancheria , year after year .
" motherland : beyond the holocaust - a mother - daughter journey to reclaim the past " .
later that season inverness beat fort augustus 6 - 1 at victoria park ( inverness ) to reclaim the mactavish cup .
under his leadership , memc electronic materials inc is successfully implementing a business strategy to reclaim an industry leadership position , with a balance of profits , market share , and technology .
he writes , ' bhumibol 's restoration of the power and prestige of the throne was ... the fruit of a plodding , determined , and sometimes ruthless effort by diehard princes to reclaim their birthright , [ and ] bhumibol 's unquestioning commitment to the restoration under their tutelage . '
touring with satyricon also made it possible for obsidian c. to recruit the legendary attila csihar for the vocals on " reclaim " who is well known for the vocals on mayhem´s de mysteriis dom sathanas .
hyndman 's fifth election would see him reclaim the votes he lost in 1979 .
guam , a u.s. territory , is invaded by japanese a few days after pearl harbor and remains occupied for two and a half years before the americans arrive to reclaim saipan and guam , and destroy as well the japanese fleet with a classic " turkey shoot " .
the southern merchants had intended that their huge goat would reclaim the world record , but the measurement of the goat showed it fell short .
compton and edrich batted cautiously to ensure the victory that saw england reclaim the ashes 1–0 .
on december 15 , 2009 , the residents of marlborough , massachusetts challenged harpers ferry to reclaim the john brown bell .
after the fall of horus at the hands of the emperor , abaddon took control of the sons of horus flagship , the vengeful spirit , and led a furious counter - attack to reclaim the corpse of his beloved primarch before retreating into the eye of terror , along the way savaging entire planets to scorn the loyalists .
tangier manages to reclaim the nanotech cell from molov 's possession and uses a grenade to cover her escape as she dives headfirst off the observation deck of sopot 's statue .
he promised to invade westeros to reclaim the seven kingdoms for the targaryens , but viserys 's impertinence ultimately caused drogo to kill him .
back to bosnia is a documentary film about a family who returns to bosnia in 2000 , to reclaim the property they were forced out of at gun point .
in response , munna launches a " non - violent " protest to reclaim the house .
murphy was a regular in the ireland under-19 squad under brian kerr and was preferred to aston villa goalkeeper wayne henderson for the european under-19 championships qualifiers and finals in 2002 until a shoulder injury allowed henderson to reclaim his place .
on may day 2000 the square was transformed into a giant allotment by a reclaim the streets guerrilla gardening action .
some claimants are initially confused when informed of an overpayment , and believe that hmrc are trying to reclaim money the claimant did n’t receive .
cortés subsequently claimed to have learned at this time that he was suspected of being the feathered - serpent god quetzalcoatl or an emissary of that legendary god - king , who was predicted to return one day to reclaim his city in a " one - reed year " of the mexica calendar — which year chanced , in that particular 52-year period , to be the current year , 1519 .
charles iv died soon after he failed a second time to reclaim the throne in october 1921 .
she also knew that whoever the bags belonged to would come sooner or later to reclaim them .
after escaping from sweet home and making it to her mother - in - law 's home where her children are waiting , sethe is found by her master , schoolteacher , who attempts to reclaim sethe and her children .
he became disillusioned after three years living in moscow , tried to reclaim his passport at the us embassy there and was arrested by the nkvd on 12 march 1938 as he left the embassy .
thanks to a supreme effort of will , jordan was able to free himself from parallax , rejoin his soul to his body and reclaim his power ring .
indeed , the vic was to become a central battlefield in the war between the contending families : the returning watts seeking to reclaim what now belonged to the mitchells .
the primary idea behind the treasure chest is a romantic one , that pirates and other idealized criminals faced constant persecution and lived such fast - paced lives that they sometimes had to quickly dispose of their ill - gotten gain to return to and reclaim later .
he tells chagawa that he plans on adopting junnosuke into his family and reclaim him as the heir to his business empire .
shortly after becoming ruler of deheubarth , rhys heard rumours that owain gwynedd was planning to invade ceredigion in order to reclaim it for gwynedd .
the f word " argues language is ever - changing and that taboo words only carry a stigma if society allows it to , and attempts to reclaim and disempower the word " fag " .
however , in the 20th century , the port authority was able to reclaim much of the marshland for the further expansion of newark airport , as well as the growth of the port lands .
according to favret , wollstonecraft attempts to reclaim the impersonal genre of the business letter and imbue it with personal meaning .
on 13 december 2005 , an attempt to reclaim this record failed when the craft operated by the macquarie speed sailing team suffered a structural failure .
this new royal house defeated all subsequent attempts by the exiled mukhranian pretenders to reclaim the crown and , by 1762 , united both kartli and kakheti into a single monarchy .
in 2001 , the māori language commission " began to reclaim matariki , or aotearoa pacific new year , as an important focus for māori language regeneration .
in her attempt to reclaim the throne , she adopted two men as sons and to fight for her in front of her uncle , peter iv of aragon .
this was not the first time that blue demon , jr. and nwa mexico tried to reclaim the three nwa branded championships promoted by cmll , previous attempts were ignored by cmll , who never officially commented on the issue at all .
despite the danger of their plight , rhys michael and michaela pledge to eventually reclaim their independence .
unconventional denver organized several events throughout the week , including a reclaim the streets action , an anti - capitalist march and green capitalism education walk .
during dinner , austin suggested that they move to switzerland , where he can work at the mythic communications division there and carrie can reclaim highstyle .
many consider him a writer of the sublime , and in his writing , he tried to reclaim the lost appreciation for the natural world as well as paying tribute to what he knew of in nature that was more powerful than he was .
he eventually reveals that he has betrothed sansa to harrold hardyng , robert 's heir ; when the sickly robert dies , sansa will reveal her true identity , and reclaim her family stronghold of winterfell .
upon returning to korea , he dutifully reported to king gongmin the internal problems experienced by the waning yuan dynasty , which gave the king the idea that the time was right to reclaim some of the northern territories previously lost to the mongols .
obsolete or non - functional phones are dismantled and recycled to reclaim valuable materials , such as : gold , silver and palladium from circuit boards ; copper wiring from phone chargers ; nickel , iron , cadmium and lead from battery packs ; and plastic from cases and accessories .
it was time to reclaim something that had always been taken from us ... all kinds of people , all different reasons , but mostly it was total outrage , anger , sorrow , everything combined , and everything just kind of ran its course .
this time , he , his brothers and his wife were forced to discharge the debt by spending thirteen years in exile , with the condition of anonymity in the last year , in the forest before they could reclaim their kingdom .
vegetation has begun to slowly reclaim some of the ledges and ravines , but the process of soil generation on windy slopes will likely take many hundreds of years .
he tells her that he intends to kidnap and reclaim her .
this allows for a traveler to reclaim their luggage but before rechecking for their final destination , the traveler can simply leave the airport .
the game begins here with kyle setting out to kill sarlac and reclaim his throne .
she attempts to reclaim it with a staged dinner party for “
recently , she has told miho that she wants to reclaim her job , since she does n't want the fanboys to feel she " abandoned " them as well as she knows that if she does n't work on " sight " , kotone will never become alive .
this had a particular impact on pension funds which were no longer able to reclaim any of the money taxed as act from their dividend income .
at the time of her commissioning in 1949 , " reclaim " was the royal navy 's only vessel capable of carrying out deep diving operations .
aethelred returned with his ally olaf of norway to reclaim london .
over the next decade , serbia 's moves to build its power and reclaim its 14th century empire caused friction with its neighbors .
team claw got to the ground first , but had to go to team sting 's side to reclaim their flag , but it was too late and team sting won the challenge .
located on what was a reclaim marshland , the resultant dampness often resulted in the area being covered in a light mist or fog , which further protected it from bombing .
in 1949 the moscow theological academy was allowed to reclaim its original buildings at the troitse - sergieva lavra , where they teach theological students to the present time .
but the pope was willing to allow this ; for in september 1267 conradin marched south to reclaim the rights of the hohenstaufen , and one of his agents instigated a revolt in sicily .
the " garbage collector " , or just " collector " , attempts to reclaim " garbage " , or memory occupied by objects that are no longer in use by the program .
on august 18 , 2009 , mann announced that he is writing a book titled " inbox zero " , which is set to be published in 2010 by harperstudio and will be " about how to reclaim your email , your attention , and your life . "
in january 2004 mark peary , nephew and legal heir to joe shuster 's estate , filed notice of his intent to reclaim shuster 's half of the copyright , the termination effective in 2013 .
while watching the tapes , jack discovers just how happy he was when he was younger , and is determined to reclaim that happiness and innocence .
but crix finds that the plains around utvara are mysterious , full of bizarre creatures that trace back to the ancient days of ravnica , as well as a race of people who wear fungus on their backs to protect themselves from a spore that got thrown up into the air after the izzet guild attempted to “ reclaim ” the utvaran region for the previous owner , teysa ’s uncle and prodigal father .
it allowed the colonists to reclaim land that the mi'kmaq nation had no use for .
early in 1828 , peru launched a campaign against bolivia to reclaim its former territory and ultimately forced the colombians out of bolivia .
when he was back in london , shirley attempted to reclaim his lost offspring ; " the coronation " was listed in " a catalogue of the authors poems already printed , " printed in " six new plays " in 1653 , as " falsely ascribed to jo .
the justice must be done to the gentry , clergy , and most of the bourgeoisie , that they have shewen the greatest zeal and fidelity to the king 's service , and exerted their best endeavours to reclaim their infatuated countrymen ; [ ... ]
some russians perceive hostile intent in the chinese practise of using different names for local cities , such as ' for vladivostok , and a widespread folk belief states that the chinese migrants remember the exact locations of their ancestors ' ginseng patches , and seek to reclaim them .
immediately after winning the title , barney aaron retired from the ring , leaving the crown open for collyer to reclaim .
during the next three issues namor attempts to reclaim the crown and in " sub - mariner " # 13 ( may , 1969 ) both naga and the crown are cast into an undersea chasm and thought dead and destroyed .
fairytale fights allow the player a chance to reclaim the fairytale status of little red riding hood , snow white , jack , the naked emperor and more .
duke friedrich iii of holstein - gottorp pursued them to invest capital and knowledge in this region in turn for freedom of their mennonite and remonstrant religion ( " see : arminianism " ) and opportunities to reclaim fen and marsh land in the vicinity of the town .
in 1340 , king valdemar iv of denmark began a more than twenty year long struggle to reclaim his father 's kingdom .
after the end of the first age , when the ancestral homes of the broadbeams and firebeards were ruined , many dwarves from these clans crossed eriador and merged with durin 's folk in khazad - dûm , although remnants of these two western nations may well have survived as independent entities in the ered luin ; seven rings were given to ' the dwarf lords ' by sauron in the second age , for example , and certainly the blue mountains remained permanently inhabited by dwarves of one clan or another throughout the history of middle - earth : thorin oakenshield , for example , grew up there as an exile from his homeland erebor , and several of his companions on his quest to reclaim that realm were not related to him ( bifur , bofur and bombur ) .
he soon established himself in the side but after suffering from injury he was unable to reclaim his place and was allowed to join hull city on loan .
over 30,000 people have signed the document voicing their desire to reclaim the public space .
he eventually manages to swap the prams back and return the baby to its black parents and reclaim emily , but howard 's despair is n't over yet as he spills mulled wine over the local vicar when he visits the house .
despite this , the moc has claimed that it does not care about anyone 's opinion outside its council calling it irrelevant and is determined to forcibly reclaim their property in montenegro , currently occupied by soc .
clockwork island crashes down into the ocean , but akizu reunites with his family and the straw hats reclaim their ship .
in common with other law centres , rlc strives to reclaim justice for the people , rather than using the legal system for private profit .
candra kidnapped karima and tied her to a pillar in an egyptian - themed exhibit at a museum in order to lure storm there and reclaim the gem .
therefore , if the occupant has appropriated and sold public or private property as may not legitimately be appropriated by a military occupant , the original owner may reclaim that property without payment of compensation .
after he was released in 820 , he tried to reclaim his bishopric in orléans but was never able to reach the city because it is believed that he was poisoned during the trip .
the storyline became convoluted as the man 's mystery identity was rewritten and his former wife came to town to reclaim him .
later , cctv footage in the pawn shop shows a man enter and reclaim the watch .
reclaim the streets .
since the events at stonehenge , lodge has covered a range of issues including the travellers movement , reclaim the streets , the road protests in the mid 90s and the campaign against the criminal justice act in 1994 .
after failing to reclaim his place in terry venables ' team , chris joined leeds united on loan in march 1989 .
icann imposes a 60-day waiting period between a change in registration information and a transfer to another registrar ; this is intended to make domain hijacking more difficult , since a transferred domain is much more difficult to reclaim , and it is more likely that the original registrant will discover the change in that period and alert the registrar .
it is not unusual for persons baptized with surnames to discard them ; some reclaim them later in life , and some who did not originally have one may later adopt their father 's traditional name as a surname .
the heroes each smash the stolen symbols on the androids ' chests and reclaim their powers .
in 1978 , brownwood lost the opening game to abilene cooper , but that game was later forfeited and brownwood went undefeated the rest of the season to reclaim the district title .
a campaign called " reclaim bedlam " was launched by pete shaugnessey , which was supported by hundreds of patients and ex - patients and widely reported in the media .
the thought being , the steps would be a marker for where the gold laid and the confederates could come back later and reclaim it .
while dale acts as john redcorn ’s lawyer in redcorn ’s attempt to reclaim his people ’s land , redcorn also has paternal feelings for joseph , and tries to bond with him and teach him of his native heritage , but nancy does n’t want him to reveal that he is secretly joseph ’s biological father .
benstead was unable to reclaim the number one jersey from gunn , and joined sheffield united in the summer of 1988 having had loan spells with united and colchester during the 1987 - 88 season .
dalfi reputedly defended the castle so well that bernart was unable to ever reclaim her .
this weapon was then used to defeat the asura , allowing indra to reclaim his place as the king of devaloka
lili , who was worried about her father 's well being , believed that if she were able to reclaim her father 's oil fields somehow from the mishima financial group , she would without a doubt remove his anxiety .
a descendant of the flemish horses brought to poitou in the 17th century to drain the marshes , it is related to the shire - and hence to the clydesdale - whose ancestors came from holland to reclaim the fens .
long island lizards reclaim pat mccabe ( defense ) & ryan moran ( midfield )
some countries , such as the united arab emirates and particularly the emirate of dubai have constructed large artificial islands , or have created large dam and dike systems , like the netherlands , which reclaim land from the sea to increase their total land area .
guerrilla gardeners believe in re - considering land ownership in order to reclaim land from perceived neglect or misuse and assign a new purpose to it .
the via solferino publishing group wo n't be able to reclaim the top spot for yet another two years .
to reclaim them that same year , hito teamed with gil hayes to win a tag team tournament .
a security scare forces the evacuation of the un building , and silvia returns at night to reclaim some personal belongings .
our demand forecasts indicate that expansion into the dibden reclaim will become necessary between 2021 and 2027 ” .
it is up for kkk members gabriela agoncillo ( angel locsin ) and elias pinaglabanan ( robin padilla ) to find the amulets and reclaim them for the kkk .
the second festival , return of honk ! , took place in 2007 and drew 17 bands from around the u.s. , canada and italy , and included a parade titled , " reclaim the streets for horns , bikes and feet ! "
during the property reform the pre-1940 landowners of osmussaar were not allowed to directly reclaim their land and property , because a cadastral survey had never been conducted on the island and until the swedes left during world war ii , land ownership had been based on old customs .
the foster - parents may retain the child in their service or employment till the age of twenty - two , but the true parents may at any time reclaim the foundling on reimbursing the asylum and compensating the foster - parents .
in the early 1670s , frederick william supported imperial attempts to reclaim alsace and counter the expansion of louis xiv of france .
he soon learns she was blackmailed by the philistine lords who are plotting his demise , and goes to reclaim her , but she has been murdered along with her entire family .
in january 2007 bradley announced his intention to reclaim his former seat .
in 1956 , the government proposed to reclaim the temple for public housing development .
in the wake of this incident the transformers managed to reclaim much of cybertron .
upon returning to his apartment to reclaim his final doll , he ended up in a fight with alicia , and then he apparently fell to his death from the apartment window .
when the wolfriders entered the citadel to reclaim the shards of the palace , he saved venka and hid her from winnowill .
a fire in the international arrivals area in 2006 caused damage to the airport , reducing the baggage reclaim area to a small section inside the terminal .
in addition to the creation of community in this way , and because ainu song is so firmly rooted in history , ainu were able to reclaim their folkloric history through these ceremonies ( siddle 37 ) .
with the help of bixler - zavala , he was able to return to el paso where he could begin to reclaim his life from addiction and join at the drive - in as backup vocalist and bass guitarist .
this period was chronicled in the 2000 book , " air wars : the fight to reclaim public broadcasting " by jerrold m. starr .
an optimizer can reclaim its storage space and eliminate its initialization .
several artists formerly on the label , including sonic youth and the meat puppets , sued sst to reclaim their master recordings , claiming unpaid royalties .
while hasbro was able to reclaim the copyright to many of the classic characters , many had to be renamed because of failure to renew copyright claim or the name had become too common for many characters , e.g ; hawk became general tomahawk / abernathy , clutch is renamed as double clutch , and scarlett modified to agent scarlett .
there are proposals to reclaim the class e network addresses .
dying , rachel asked her mother to reclaim the phoenix name in her honor before sending the two back to their proper time .
for example , if the dowry was given to help in the maintenance of the wife , or if a legal provision was made for the wife or her family to reclaim the dowry should the marriage dissolve , the husband was restricted as to how he could make use of the dowry .
in january 2008 , savchenko and szolkowy went to the 2008 european figure skating championships with the aim to reclaim their title , which they did .
the pollution associated with gasworks and gas storage makes the land difficult to reclaim for other purposes , but some gasometers , notably in vienna , have been converted into living space and a shopping mall .
there they were able to reclaim the mortars that had earlier been abandoned and destroyed them so that they could not be used against the australians again .
" crazy for you " scrapes away decades of cabaret and jazz and variety - show interpretations to reclaim the gershwins’ standards , in all their glorious youth , for the dynamism of the stage . ”
this approach had been provided for by the 1642 adventurers act of the long parliament , which said that the parliament 's creditors could reclaim their debts by receiving confiscated land in ireland .
stephanie williams of the american public relations forum said that the bill would enable russia to reclaim its former alaskan territory : " [ it ] contains nothing to prevent russia from buying the entire million acres — they already say alaska belongs to them . "
the lakefill resulted from the university 's need to expand the campus 's physical footprint ; northwestern president j. roscoe miller received permission from the town of evanston and the illinois legislature ( as well as numerous other groups ) to reclaim 74 acres ( 30 ha ) of underwater land .
the son of raymond - roger de trencavel returned from exile to reclaim the area .
he was replaced by john hempsey and was unable to reclaim his no.1 jersey until 17 january 1914 .
unable to reclaim his place in the side , williams fell out with graham , and in july 1988 he moved to luton town .
alroy has no opportunity to reclaim his family 's throne , but he does marry and produce a legitimate son , thus securing the haldane succession .
a royalist army led by william cavendish defeated thomas fairfax to reclaim the town for the royalists ; from here they launced another siege of hull .
a french village blacksmith goes to aid the city of jerusalem in its defense against the muslim leader saladin , who is battling to reclaim the city from the christians .
tilokaraj ’s brother , thau choi , rebelled to reclaim the throne for his father and sought ayutthayan support .
in 1221 , the shōgun installed go - toba 's three - year - old grandson , emperor chūkyō , as emperor , but go - toba chose to stage a rebellion in an attempt to reclaim the throne and overthrow the kamakura shogunate .
the buyers were members of the exiled bourbon - condé family who later returned to the country to reclaim their land in the town of vendôme itself .
has a single main building for check - in and baggage reclaim with 7 satellites for arrivals and departures .
the archbishop of canterbury lanfranc of pavia and the norman abbot of st austin 's successfully interceded to reclaim a portion of the land on behalf of the monastery .
at the heart of this book are the stories of fifty people who have recovered from the distress of hearing voices , it documents how they have changed their relationship with their voices in order to reclaim their lives .
in 1622 , sir henry appleton ( a descendant of john de apeton ) , and canvey 's other landowners instigated a project to reclaim the land and wall the island from the thames .
bosses can now reclaim captured background , especially after it is hit by bomb blast , or panic attack .
in the satirical parody " aberystwyth mon amour " , a group of druids plan to launch an ark and reclaim the land of cantre'r gwaelod .
it is alleged that inside information on the goings - on in lahore were sent to kabul by the dogras which encouraged the afghans to attack and attempt to reclaim peshawar .
with their combined efforts , they manage to repel further attacks by the police forces , and reclaim their weapons .
he returned in 1044 with the aid of a danish fleet to try to reclaim his kingdom , but gruffydd defeated them in a battle near the mouth of the river towy , killing hywel .
attempts to reclaim throne of hungary .
in the spring of 1977 , the somali military , under the direction of mohamed siad barre , invaded the ogaden ( also called west - somalia ) to reclaim the somali - populated territory .
they claim that the website introduces readers to authors and genres that they have not read before , that the website encourages more people to take up or reclaim reading as a hobby , and that some members , having read a book that they have enjoyed , will buy extra copies to distribute through bookcrossing .
it was a tactical victory for lendl , whose win saw him to reclaim the world no . 1 ranking from wilander .
similarly , the two down - and - outs in " the clerks " ( 1978 ) , freddie jones and hugh burden , seek to reclaim their lost past as intelligence agents by scrupulously pouring over the events that led to them being homeless and derelict .
however , nekron , the " black personification " of death , sought to reclaim their lives during the " blackest night " crossover .
after ash regains consciousness , caroline helps him reclaim the " necronomicon " , after narrowly escaping both freddy and jason on several occasions .
at his death , æthelred returned to reclaim his crown .
this reign was cut short though , by the arrival of bruenor battlehammer on his quest to reclaim his ancestral home of mithral hall , accompanied by the renegade dark elf drizzt do'urden , the barbarian wulfgar , regis the halfling , and bruenor 's adopted daughter cattie - brie .
when dewitt threatens to reclaim victor 's body , mr. ambrose tells her that she can opt out , but that he is currently in ten other dolls talking to ten other dollhouse administrators , and that rossum will know if they choose not to cooperate .
gordon passed ambrose to take the lead at the same time as a multi - car wreck was unfolding behind them ; ambrose spun him , under a yellow flag , to reclaim it seconds later .
having assumed the title of duke of milan at his coronation , francis immediately moved to reclaim his holdings in italy .
when napoléon landed in southern france in march 1815 to reclaim his throne , clarke was again made minister of war and served until the bourbon government fled .
between 1792 and 1794 , he attempted , with the dagestan mercenaries , to reclaim the crown , but suffered a defeat and withdrew from imereti .
phases two and three will then involve additions to the international arrivals hall , centring on improving its passport control and baggage reclaim facilities as well as increasing floor space .
at one night stand , lashley finally defeated vince in a street fight to reclaim the championship .
in the early and late 19th century , attempts by persons ' claiming to represent his estate to reclaim lands he was granted , did not meet with success .
three years later , after francesco 's death , he moved to the kingdom of naples ( then under spanish suzerainty ) to reclaim the duchy of milan for him , but died midway at florence under mysterious circumstances .
