due to the great depth of the recorders ' current location , the french navy had announced that it would employ underwater robots for the recovery operation , which began in august 2009 .
film recorders are ( or were ) available for a variety of film types and formats .
they initially targeted football fans , hunt saboteurs and political protesters ( since at least 1996 ) , using cameras , camcorders and audio recorders to conduct overt surveillance of the public .
control track pulse : most are familiar with the digital " counters " on vhs recorders and camcorders , viewed via the onscreen display ( osd ) and/or a dedicated led display .
ampex tape recorders in the 1950s achieved 60 db in practical usage , though tape formulations such as scotch 111 boasted 68 db dynamic range .
modern sunshine recorders use electronics and computers for precise data that do not depend on a human interpreter .
headquartered in cleveland , ohio , usa , telos develops , sells , and supports equipment such as telephone hybrids and on - air talkshow systems , isdn codecs , pots codecs , ip codecs , and audio logging recorders .
traditionally , local flow metering was done using high maintenance mechanical circular chart recorders .
video cameras originally designed for television broadcast were large and heavy , mounted on special pedestals , and wired to remote recorders located in separate rooms .
remote disk recorders or vtr ’s can be connected to the cinevator five through ethernet or serial line .
sear sound is the oldest recording studio in new york city , and boasts over 285 vintage and contemporary microphones , four rebuilt studer recorders used by the beatles at abbey road , and one of the earliest moog synthesizers , built by sear with moog .
in many " comuni " , in addition to their advisory function , the " frazioni " are endowed with their own clerks and recorders of deeds , but do not maintain their own civil records .
modern examples include video recorders being forced by law to include macrovision copy protection , the dvd region code system and region - coded video game consoles .
as early as 1952 , ampex developed prototype video tape recorders that used a spinning head and relatively slow - moving tape .
genigraphics was also known for its line of film recorders , transferring digital images onto 35 mm photographic film for slides as well as for movies such as " the last starfighter .
motorola 's home and broadcast network products include set - top boxes , digital video recorders , and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting , computer telephony , and high - definition television .
the impasse was broken at a meeting in athens in 1989 , when representatives from the recording industry and the consumer electronics industry reached a compromise intended to enable the sale of dat recorders in the united states .
recruiting carl and dennis ' friend , thirteen - year - old neighbor david marks , who had been playing electric guitar ( and practicing with carl ) for years , brian and the revamped beach boys cut new tracks on april 19 at western recorders including an updated " surfin ' safari " and " 409 " .
at that time , not only philips and panasonic ( brand of matsushita ) announced dcc - recorders but also other brands such as grundig and marantz ( both related to philips at the time ) .
also taught are the concepts of basic analog and digital electronics repair , communications theory ( receivers , recorders , and multiplexing / de - multiplexing , transmission line repair techniques , computer architecture / operating systems fundamentals , automated messaging , and network operations / troubleshooting .
recorded in two days at westbeach recorders in hollywood , the album was produced by bad religion guitarist brett gurewitz and engineered by donnell cameron .
where are the fuckers " and " slumber queen " were recorded at mambo recorders and were originally written by reis at age 15 for his band conservative itch . "
other consumer devices in japan which allow for text entry via on - screen programming , such as digital video recorders , sony 's playstation 3 and playstation portable , allow the user to toggle between the numerical keypad and a full keyboard ( qwerty , or abc order ) input system .
adb announced new deals for the supply of set - top boxes to hellohd in hungary , the expansion of its distribution network in north america through a partnership with graybar , the supply of iptv set - top boxes to telekom austria , and the introduction of high - definition digital video recorders at télégèneve - naxoo .
the company also produces ics for carrier access equipment , audio / video processors for digital set - top boxes and digital video recorders , bluetooth and wi - fi transceivers , and rf receivers / tuners for satellite tv .
the interstate aviation committee ( mak ) is attempting to retrieve data from the flight - data and cockpit voice - recorders , which were badly damaged in the fire which destroyed most of the aircraft .
several countries collaborate in the survey providing vessels to tow continuous plankton recorders ( cprs ) in a near circum - antarctic survey .
a line of portable compact cassette recorders manufactured by sony .
access to microphones and magnetic tape recorders ( created in 1939 ) , afforded by an association with the french national broadcasting organization , at that time the " radiodiffusion - télévision française " , gave schaeffer and his colleagues an opportunity to experiment with recording technology and tape manipulation .
in most cities the hardcore scene relied on inexpensively - made diy recordings created on four - track recorders and sold at concerts or by mail .
video cameras exchange their data with computers and/or video recorders .
in the promenade concerts season of july to september 1958 , world records had a full - page advertisement ( offering monthly releases at between 22s 6d and 24s 9d per disc , only one needing to be chosen per year ) on the inside front cover of all the individual concert programmes , facing the actual music listing for the evening - a competitive space , placing it on equal footing with electric audio reproducers , emi records , decca records , grundig tape recorders , ferguson radiograms and olivier tipped cigarettes ( 3s 4d for 20 ) .
dvd recorders can use dvd - vr or dvd+vr format instead of dvd - video .
" king creole " is the sixth album by elvis presley , issued on rca victor records , lpm 1884 in mono and lsp 1884 in stereo , in september 1958 , recorded in three days at radio recorders in hollywood .
in addition , the shows are archived using digital audio converters such as cd burners and usb recorders .
recording sessions took place at radio recorders and at mgm studios in hollywood , california , on june 28 , 29 , and 30 , 1966 .
for audio , uncolored reproduction is not necessarily always desired , and the uneven reproduction equilization of analog recorders or the ability to record at levels above 0 db ( to produce desirable distortion ) is often exploited advantageously , such as the " fat " sound of a kick drum on analog tape .
recommendations included an urgent call for cockpit voice recorders and for closer cooperation between the civil aviation authority and british airlines .
the new betacamsp studio decks were the players , the bvw-60 and bvw-65 , with dynamic tracking and the edit recorders , the bvw-70 , and the dynamic tracking model , the bvw-75 .
at the same time , floppy disk drives and datassette tape recorders became more widespread .
they are sometimes categorised as psych folk or as medieval folk rock , but their music was much more a reinvention of renaissance music , based around the use of period instruments such as lutes and recorders .
akai also produced several digital midi sequencers and digital synthesizers such as the mpc range ( music production center ) , a line of integrated drum machines , midi sequencers , samplers and direct - to - disk recorders that resemble drum machines .
the position of assistant recorder no longer exists , and all appointments are made as " recorders " .
starr said that after dinner , during a time when he was half awake and half asleep , he had gotten the beat and tune for the song in his head and went to find a tape recorder to record the song but had trouble when all his tape recorders either were broken or had no batteries , adding , " so , i stole batteries from the kids toys and i got the song down . "
these recorders incorporated all of the key technological features of modern analog magnetic recording and were used as the reference for future developments in the field .
the voice and flight data recorders contain information that confirms statements given by the pilot and eyewitnesses , that the spoilers failed to engage on touch - down at the short runway in stord , norway .
it was recorded at bearsville studios in woodstock , new york , the hit factory , new york , river sound studios , new york , bill schner studio , los angeles and village recorders , los angeles and released in 1992 .
using a variety of equipment such as amplifiers , oscillators , filters , and four - track tape recorders , the two men formed the cooperative studio for electronic music and began composing electroacoustic music for what ended up to be over one hundred space theater performances between 1958 and 1964 .
2nd units or splinter units shooting extra shots or b - roll can take away small va recorders to record their own footage , which is then loaded into the main unit archive so it can be watched and checked against main unit footage .
it seems his sonic experiments started early on when he began hooking up model trail transformers to tape recorders to alter record and playback speeds .
, spent a few years studying electronic music synthesis , the physics of musical instruments , and accumulating equipment ( musical instruments , tape recorders ... ) for his first studio .
with fredrik lindqvist : recorders & whistles ( track 1 , 2 , 8 , 9 & 10 )
variety of tape recorders .
typical uses include room automation in boardrooms , auditoriums , museums or home theaters , where users use fixed and wireless touchscreens and remotes to control devices such as video projectors and displays , pcs , dvd and vcr players and recorders , cameras , teleconferencing systems , audio / video switchers and processing equipment , motorized projection screens , drapes , lighting , hvac systems , and a wide variety of other types of equipment .
" argiers " is another traditional folk song , performed by leslie penning on recorders and mike oldfield on acoustic guitar and arp string synthesiser .
instructors are also taught how to use technological devises such as computers , scanners , printers , digital cameras and sound recorders , software ( microsoft word , excel , powerpoint , inspiration ) , and the internet .
earth , sun , moon , for mixed chorus and renaissance wind instruments ( shawms , cornetti , recorders , trombones – * or modern equivalents ) ( 10’ ) ( 1995 )
while a tight seal between the lips and the " beak " of the recorder focuses the tone , a tight facial musculature will also produce a raspy sound ( with recorders , specifically ) .
pcm - capable hi8 recorders could simultaneously record pcm stereo in addition to the legacy ( analog afm ) stereo audio tracks .
columbia , rca victor , capitol , and decca ultimately had their own facilities , but radio recorders was still the choice of many independent labels and both popular and classical artists , from stravinsky to elvis .
funai is also the main oem manufacturer providing assembled televisions and video players / recorders to major corporations such as sharp , toshiba , denon , etc .
these songs were at westbeach recorders before saxophonist apollo 9 joined the band , and were the band 's first recordings with drummer atom .
at the age of 16 laurent was already interested in clubs and djs and had started recording and mixing music on basic tape recorders .
he is known for his ability to play two recorders simultaneously .
vr mode or video recording mode is a feature on stand - alone consumer and computer dvd recorders that allows video recording and editing on a dvd rewritable disc .
recorded at radio recorders in hollywood in september 1963 , the girl group - styled , " the house of the boy i love " , backed with " mine ' til monday " ( del fi 4201 ) , was mistakenly released with songwriting credits given to the successful team of barry mann and cythia weil when in fact it was produced by barry mann and written by lesser known hit - man , sylvester brandford .
in 1968 armstrong 's installed one of the first 8-track recorders in australia , followed by 16 and then 24-track machines , together with state - of the - art mixing desks in the early ' 70s .
the beatles asked producer martin to come to the rescue , so he borrowed two four - track recorders from emi , and long - time beatles ' engineer , geoff emerick , was given the task of building and setting up a studio with portable equipment .
a bayonet - locking version was also used on portable tape recorders and dictation machines through the 1980s .
typical uses include room automation in boardrooms , auditoriums , museums or home theaters , where users use fixed and wireless touchscreens and remotes to control devices such as video projectors and displays , pcs , dvd and vcr players and recorders , cameras , teleconferencing systems , audio / video switchers and processing equipment , motorized projection screens , drapes , lighting , hvac systems , and a wide variety of other types of equipment .
" the colour identification guide to moths of the british isles ( macrolepidoptera ) " by bernard skinner is a single volume identification guide to the macro - moths of britain and ireland published by viking books , often referred by moth recorders simply as " skinner " .
on many recorders the tachometer spindle is connected by an axle to a rotating magnet that induces a changing magnetic field upon a hall effect transistor .
in july 1979 , after brian and mike love quickly composed some new original songs , the beach boys all reconvened at western recorders in los angeles ( where most of the band 's classic 1960s material had been produced by brian ) and hoped for the best .
mechanical barographs are not commonly used for flight documentation now , having been displaced by gnss flight recorders .
besides still video cameras , stand - alone recorders & players were also available for the vf format , that could record from or output a composite video signal , to or from an external source ( such as a video camera , vcr , video capture card , or computer graphics output ) .
this standardisation was fostered , in great measure , by the development of professional and semi - professional 8-track tape recorders - originally analog , but later manifesting in proprietary cassette formats by alesis and tascam .
although it featured many capabilities formerly only available on expensive broadcast video recorders , v2000 had too long a development cycle and arrived late to the market .
interlaced files can be printed using a variety of devices including ink - jet printers , film recorders , half - tone proofers , digital presses and press plates for lithographic reproduction .
circular chart recorders have a rotating disc of paper that must be replaced more often , but are more compact and amenable to being enclosed behind glass .
the " choral " sounding segment in the middle of the song was created by placing two tape recorders in opposite corners of a room ; the main chord tapes of the song were then fed into one recorder and played back while at the same time recording .
the album was recorded at golden state recorders in san francisco and produced by nick gravenites using the pseudonym " nicky gravy " .
founded during an era of increasing popularity for digital recording , electrical audio was unusual for using only analog recording technology , including mixing consoles , tape recorders and many outboard sound effects .
the first episode attracted 395,000 viewers overnight in the united kingdom , with an estimated 790,000 watching the episode on personal video recorders .
a few years ago ... i was so enamoured by ( video cassette recorders ) that i just had to have one .
the autumn sessions was recorded at golden state recorders in san francisco in november 1965 .
his experiments with tapes and recorders in the early 1950s led him to order the first custom - built eight - track recorder from ampex , and his pioneering recordings with his then wife , singer mary ford , were the first to make use of the technique of multitracking to record separate elements of a musical piece asynchronously — that is , separate elements could be recorded at different times .
the first tape recorders start arriving at ortf in 1949 ; however , their functioning was much less reliable than the shellac players , to the point that the " symphonie pour un homme seul " , which was composed in 1950–51 , was mainly composed with records , even if the tape recorder was available ( teruggi 2007 , 216 ) .
following the destruction of the plant during the bombing raids in 1945 , martin mende ( the founder 's son ) created a new company in bremen in 1947 , in a former focke - wulf plant , under the name north german mende broadcast gmbh. the name was subsequently changed to nordmende : subsequently the company became one of the prominent german manufacturers of radios , televisions , tape recorders and record players in the 1950s and 1960s .
‘ recorders in the repertoire of the court of anhalt - zerbst’
the cantata is written for soprano , alto , tenor , bass , cornetto , three trombones , three recorders , two oboes , two violins , viola and basso continuo .
yashica 's products from jnc datum tech international including digital cameras , digital camcoders , digital photo frames , portable dvd players , digital audio players , digital voice recorders , binoculars , mobile phones and sd cards .
in the 17th century whistles were called flageolets ; a term to describe a whistle with a french made fipple headpiece ( common to the modern penny whistle ) and such instruments are linked to the development of the english flageolet , french flageolet and recorders of the renaissance and baroque period .
the u.s. national transportation safety board has asked for the installation of cockpit image recorders in large transport aircraft to provide information that would supplement existing cvr and fdr data in accident investigations .
fingerprint recorders .
temperature recorders are used to monitor products shipped in a cold chain and to help validate the cold chain .
he then asked the gathering whether all the tape recorders were ready and proceeded to play for over an hour .
voice recorders are also classed as telecoms assets .
for many years , video recorders manufactured for the japanese market have been able to skip advertisements automatically , which is done by detecting when foreign language audio overdub tracks provided for many programmes go silent , as advertisements were broadcast with a single language only .
with sam cooke as the lead singer , they recorded the song on february 17 , 1953 by j.w. alexander at universal recorders in hollywood under the group name " sam cooke & the soul stirrers " .
united western recorders , often abbrieviated to uwr was a renowned recording studio complex in hollywood , california , which became one of the most successful independent recording studios in the world in the late 1950s and 1960s .
they also recommended image recorders be placed into smaller aircraft that are not required to have a cvr or fdr .
all full versions of nero 8 support labelflash , but nero 7 only supports it with oem versions bundled with labelflash - capable recorders and with nero 7 premium .
mardas then turns and points back to a collection of two portable 2-track recorders in wooden boxes , a 2-track studio recording machine , voltage meters , a hi - fi amplifier , an oscilloscope and a tv screen showing pulsating psychedelic balloon shapes .
recording sessions took place on april 27 and 28 , and may 6 , 1960 , at rca studio c and radio recorders in hollywood , california .
portable digital voice recorders are currently the technology of choice for evp investigators .
the orchestral writing continued to be as detailed as before , but instruments like recorders and lutes are no longer to be found .
stealth recordists , in particular , may continue to favour hi - md , although recently newer , relatively inexpensive flash memory based portable field recorders ( examples include the edirol r-09hr and the olympus ls-10 ) are becoming available that may even reduce hi - md 's preference in this market .
most digital tv sets and digital video recorders include analog and digital tuners , however most dtv set - top boxes fail to display analog stations or even to include analog passthrough for rf from the tv antenna ( the way a vcr does ) .
using mullin 's tape recorders and with mullin as his chief engineer , crosby became the first american performer to master commercial recordings on tape and the first to regularly pre - record his radio programs on tape .
scms was also included in consumer minidisc and dcc players and recorders .
a tape head is a type of transducer used in tape recorders to convert electrical signals to magnetic fluctuations and vice versa .
they were designed for the recorders of manchester and liverpool when crown courts were established in those cities in 1956 , many years before the establishment of the crown court for england and wales by the act of 1971 .
mack was constantly trying to improve the sound of his studios , and jeep contributed to that by building custom electronics for mack 's ampex tape recorders , and mixing / recording consoles as well .
other instruments that might be connected are air data computers , flight data recorders , altitude encoders , cabin pressurization controllers , and various airspeed switches .
the full - time music staff included ronald bopf o.s.a. ( recorders and classroom music , on staff 1957 - 72 ) , paul whelan o.s.a. ( flute and piccolo , on staff 1962 - 66 , 68 - 79 ) , lynne leak , gareth jude ( band ) and graham press ( band ) .
opentv core software technology contains a hardware abstraction layer to enable hardware independence , tv libraries , a selection of application execution environments , and support for personal video recorders ( pvrs ) to create a digital television environment for set - top box .
some cd recorders incorporate a cassette well to allow both formats for recording meetings , church sermons and books on tape .
generally though , for a standalone tv there is no need for video output on the tv end of the scart plug , so in the majority of cases removing it completely should not be a problem ( n.b . with the recent digital switchover in the uk many tvs pass their freeview signal back to dvd recorders / vcrs to allow you to record freeview from the av channel that the tv is connected to without the need for an additional set top box , so if you have sky / virgin you can watch sky / virgin on av whilst recording the freeview channel selected on the tv 's built - in digital tuner at the same time , removing this pin will prevent this functionality ) .
3 ) and while vvpat is designed to serve as a check on dre ( direct recording electronic ) vote recorders , it relies on the same proprietary programming and electronics to produce the audit trail .
membership statistics are maintained by local recorders in each congregation and reported electronically .
with seymour playing a variety of instruments , from the inexpensive casio casiotone sk1 sampling keyboard to the glockenspiel , melodica , recorders and other compact and simple instruments , and tomida providing the vocals in both japanese and english , they recorded their first album in 2003 , titled " computer recital " ( on the audiodregs subsidiary of darla records ) .
matt produces in his studio great western recorders and has started a family .
the common wind instruments included the shawms , recorders , cornetti , sackbuts ( trombones ) , krumhorns and flutes ( which were known as ' piffari ' . )
around 1800 it was purchased by the government and transformed into the the recorders court house until 1878 .
keyboards were by richard carpenter , bass by joe osborn , drums by karen carpenter , and recorders by tom scott .
this was likely fabricated however and no such recording exists : the crew may have been unconscious from loss of cabin pressure , and the astronauts did not wear individual voice recorders .
sony also produced a line of video 8 mm walkman - branded players and recorders , with and without a flip - up screen meant for video playback and limited recording .
although multitrack recorders were in common use overseas —
the patrician priests had been the recorders and interpreters of the statutes , had kept their records secret , and had used their monopoly , and the ritual requirements of the law , as weapons against social change .
the 157 trs had had wire recorders fitted to five of its rf-80 's prior to june primer and these greatly facilitated the latter missions .
philips made one last attempt at a new standard for video recorders with the video 2000 system with tapes that could be used on both sides and had thus 8 hours of total recording time .
radio software allows am & fm broadcasting to reproduce music and voices from the computer ’s hard disk instead of using cd , tape recorders or the old cartridge tape ( see fidelipac ) .
it was recorded at rumbo recorders in canoga park , california .
some target ships carried gyroscopic pitch and roll recorders ; if the " arkansas " had any such devices they were not retrieved .
these airchecks became more common with the advent of radio - cassette recorders .
v - m corporation 's " educational systems " tape recorders and phonos with rugged cases were popular with schools and institutions .
in contrast , thiele 's method of determining the chronology of the hebrew kings was based on induction , that is , making it a matter of first priority to determine the actual methods used by ancient scribes and court recorders in recording the years of kings , as described above .
recording sessions took place at radio recorders in hollywood , california , on june 10 , 11 , 12 , and vocal overdubs by presley on june 15 , 1964 .
recent devices can also act as flight recorders by producing files in the " ( .igc ) " format defined by the fai gliding commission .
fm , and often am , radios are sometimes included as a feature of portable cd , mp3 cd , and usb key players , as well as recorders .
recording sessions took place on july 9 , 10 , and 11 , 1963 , at radio recorders in hollywood , california .
a few websites have video documenting whirl - mart events ; however , in general , superstores do not permit cameras or video recorders on their premises — excluding security cameras used by the corporation itself .
only approved digital terrestrial recorders ( pvrs , dvrs and dtrs ) which meet specified quality and functionality criteria are permitted to carry the freeview+ logo .
the family firm still manufacture viols , recorders and harpsichords today .
eric griffy ( bass ) , tony miller ( vocals ) and craig morris ( guitar ) began recording songs on 4 and 8 track recorders in 1997 .
the ares - pii hand - held recorder for journalists , and the universal digital recorder , the ares - bb+ , both introduced in 2004 , are state - of - the - art digital recorders recording to compact flash pc cards .
the report included a statement by the soviet government claiming " no remains of the victims , the instruments or their components or the flight recorders have so far been discovered " .
recent and future performers include artisan , emily kraemer , stephen roberts , mezzo - soprano polly may , piers adams & red priest ( violin , cello , piano and a variety of recorders ) , hans martin ulbrich ( oboe ) , florenz jenny ( bassoon ) , pianists marina nadiradze , paul posnak & martin kasik , oboist mike o'donnell , promising young sopranos rosie bell , anna leese & elizabeth drury , counter - tenor james armitage and the bolivian soloists quintet ( flute , cello , violin , double bass and piano ) .
digital keystone tools such as hpnx pro have been utilized to certify digital televisions , personal video recorders , and set - top - boxes .
kudelski sa defines neopilot as follows : " full track monophonic recorders ( nagra models iii , e , iv and 4.2 ) use a patented system in order to control the speed of the nagra during playback to ensure it turns at the exact same speed as the reference ( projector / camera / perfo - tape machine ) .
this program was recorded on state of the art wire recorders ( the predecessor to the tape recorder ) , and then played back with powerful amplifiers and speakers mounted on halftracks .
from the end of the 1960s on into the 1980s , ampex video tape recorders were utilized in television studios all over the world .
the only widespread use was in the color viewfinders of handheld video tape recorders , first introduced in 1983 in a 1½ inch form .
recording words on tape recorders and employing the cut - up technique ( a form of writing frequently employed by burroughs ) can easily lead to the false news broadcasts or garbled political speeches causing confusion and psychic control over individuals .
it is still unknown exactly what caused the crash despite a number of investigations , and ' black box ' flight recorders were not a feature of commercial planes in 1950 .
the big production was formed of radio , amplifiers , tape recorders , televisions , boxes of assembly , professional laboratory instruments etc .
the sunset sound recorders complex was converted in 1962 by walt disney 's director of recording , tutti camarata , from a collection of old commercial and residential buildings - some built more than 80 years ago .
recording sessions took place at radio recorders in hollywood on april 30 and may 3 , 1957 , with an additional session at the mgm soundstage in hollywood on may 9 for " do n't leave me now .
a world champion trick rider undefeated to this day her recorders are still unbreakable .
despite still being circuit judges , these recorders are addressed in court as ' your lordship / ladyship ' as if they were high court judges .
magnetic wire recorders were effective , but the sound quality was poor , so between the wars they were primarily used for voice recording and marketed as business dictating machines .
drums , harps , recorders , and bagpipes were the instruments used in secular music because they were easy for the traveling musicians to tote around .
types of recorders .
the second studio , used for production , had a gates turntable , reel to reel tape recorders and a nab cartridge recording unit .
this inconvenience contrasted the earlier common use of cassette player / recorders as a more or less standard part of an ordinary hi - fi set - up , even before the break - through of portable cassette tape players .
the term variable control voice actuator ( vcva ) refers to a digital recording technology developed by olympus , which is implemented in many of their digital voice recorders .
radio recorders , hollywood , november 23 , 1958 marty paich 's dek - tette : bud shank ( as ) bill holman ( ts ) med flory ( bari ) lou levy ( p ) joe mondragon ( b ) mel lewis ( d ) don fagerquist , al porcino ( tp ) bob enevoldsen ( vtb , ts ) vince derosa ( frh )
the recordings included were taken from sessions on january 12 , 13 , and 19 at radio recorders in hollywood , california .
by that time , wttw engineers had further developed stereo audio on videotape recorders in their plant , using split audio track heads manufactured to their specifications , outboard record electronics , and dolby noise reduction that allowed " soundstage " to be recorded and electronically edited .
its collection of old gramophones , sound recorders , telephones , steam engines , road rollers and other industrial machinery of the period 1880 - 1950 is very significant .
their poetry and songs liberated the public consciousness of the soviet people and pushed guitars and tape recorders to masses , so the soviet people became exposed to independent channels of information and public mentality was eventually updated in many ways .
panasonic video recorders that accept medium cassette can play back from and record to medium cassette in different flavors of dvcpro format ; they will also play small cassette containing dv or dvcam recording , via an adapter .
the session was using western recorders studio and don blake as engineer .
when synchronizing multiple clock - dependent digital devices together with video , such as digital audio recorders , the devices must be connected to a common word clock signal that is derived from the house black burst signal .
also included were one or more official writers or recorders who created a detailed account of the mission .
wood was mentioned as singer as well as player of guitars , bass guitar , sitar , cello , double bass , saxophones , clarinet , trombone , tuba , recorders , oboe , french horn , banjo , mandolin , bassoon , drums , percussion , vibraphone , bagpipes and keyboards .
the flight recorders gave excellent results , the cockpit voice recorder especially revealing much about the interactions between crew members .
onelink covers the puerto rico metropolitan area and its services includes video on demand , high - definition television , and digital video recorders .
for preview , archiving , and small - volume reproduction , film recorders have been rendered obsolete by modern printers that produce photographic - quality hardcopies directly on plain paper .
galvanometer mechanisms are also used to position the pens in analog strip chart recorders such as used in electrocardiographs , electroencephalographs and polygraphs .
he experimented with tape recorders and synthesizers while on a scholarship at the royal college of art in london .
schedules direct is a non - profit organization that provides a low - cost television program listing service for open source and freeware digital video recorders .
the storage holds radios , tv sets , tape recorders , gramophones , counting machines and typewriters .
his relationship with ecm records has also been continuous from the late 1970s to the present , as surman has recorded prolifically for the label playing bass clarinet , recorders , soprano and baritone saxophones and using synthesisers , both solo with a wide range of other musicians .
this is the same principle behind the companders used in some tape - recorders and other communication systems , and is related to entropy maximization .
u - matic is also available in a smaller cassette size , officially known as u - matic s. much like vhs - c , u - matic s was developed as a more portable version of u - matic , to be used in smaller sized s - format recorders such as the sony vo-3800 ( the first portable u - matic s machine released by sony in 1974 ) , the sony bvu-100 , and the sony vo-6800 ( among others from sony , panasonic , and other manufacturers ) .
related to download managers are two other breeds of internet programs , file - sharing peer - to - peer applications ( emule , bittorrent , gnutella ) and stream recorders ( such as streambox vcr ) .
wow is a relatively slow form of flutter ( pitch variation ) which can affect both gramophone records and tape recorders .
for example , several pieces call on the use of a siren while others will ask players to play recorders , a glass harmonica , or to sing
playing at 3.75 ips as standard , half the speed of the most common reel - to - reel music recorders which ran at 7.5 ips , the format offered four discrete audio tracks that provided a typical playtime of 30 minutes per side of stereo sound , or double that for monophonic sound ; some machines could play and record at 1.875 ips , doubling playing time .
orff teachers also use different sized drums , recorders , and non- pitched percussion instruments “ to round out the songs that are sung and played ” .
it was during the " white album " sessions of 1968 that emi 's abbey road studios finally had eight - track recorders installed , and up until then , the group had to go elsewhere to record with eight - tracks .
" double - system " sound used independent cameras and sound recorders .
chapters picture the war , early tape recorders , and various conclusions on international markets .
also included were one or more official writers or recorders who created a detailed account of the mission .
there are , however , stand - alone devices like personal video recorders which can also author and record discs .
rovi 's home entertainment technologies are incorporated into the vast majority of all dvd players , digital cable / satellite set - top boxes , personal computers , digital video recorders ( dvrs ) and portable media players .
the video editing required the use of 3 massive and costly " quad " tape recorders allowing only simple transitions such as cuts and dissolves .
at the time , most home computers used ordinary tape recorders for storage .
beginning monday , people were detained without being brought to recorders court for arraignment .
herschorn bought the universal audio vacuum tube mixing console from united western recorders in 1971 .
weaknees in an online retailer based in los angeles , california , specializing in tivo brand digital video recorders ( dvrs ) .
these " directivo " recorders record the incoming satellite mpeg-2 digital stream directly to hard disk without conversion .
the lack of suitable home recording equipment was somewhat relieved in 1947 with the introduction of home tape recorders using scotch 100 tape .
the ntsb 's recommendations from the accident included increased enforcement of grade crossing signals , the installation of event recorders at all new or improved grade crossings as well as procedures to provide emergency responders with accurate lists of all crew members and passengers aboard trains .
recorders have been towed in all oceans of the world , the mediterranean , baltic and north seas and in freshwater lakes .
dorsey and johnny went into the master recorders studio in hollywood and backed by odell hull ( lead guitar ) , danny flores ( piano ) and h.b. barnum ( drums ) cut two tracks , " bertha lou " and " ‘
the rigellians are skilled in robotics and have created a race of robotic lifeforms called the recorders .
this song was originally recorded by w. a. nichol 's western aces ( vocal by " red " arnall ) on the s & g label , probably in 1947 , and by roy hogsed and the rainbow riders may 25 , 1947 , at universal recorders in hollywood , california .
later , in the latter 1970s , video recorders appeared on the market but were expensive .
when playing analog cassettes , portable players would simply amplify the signal from two of the nine heads of the " other side " : analog cassette recorders used the " bottom half " of the tape , while digital recordings used the " top half " .
• fault recorders , which record actual waveform data replicating the system primary voltages and currents .
in 1981 he began using a casiotone mt-70 electronic keyboard and produced compositions recorded using two audio cassette recorders and a mono echo recorder .
mitchell began to develop an interest in recording equipment , after experimenting with wire - recorders which had been left by the american army .
as the mouse mill motor was simple to construct and its speed could easily be governed , it was later used to drive automatic recorders in telegraphy .
all buses are also all equipped with a digital recorders automated voice annunciator system , which announces the major intersections ( or on the rapid ride buses , the stops ) .
the recorders are a fictional robotic race in the marvel universe .
he went on to establish an instrument - making workshop in haslemere , surrey and proceeded to build copies of almost every kind of instrument dating from the fifteenth to eighteenth centuries , including viols , lutes , recorders and a range of keyboard instruments .
this format is used in files with the suffix " igc " that is specified in detail in appendix 1 of the document " specification for igc - approved gnss flight recorders " that is available on the igc gnss web site .
in 1971 , neiman marcus offered " his and hers " thunderbirds in its catalog , with telephones , tape recorders and other niceties .
the arrangement on " cruel sister " develops through several sections with different rhythms and instrumentation : acoustic guitars , recorders , glockenspiel and electric guitar , together with some dramatic double bass playing by danny thompson .
it consists of a set of folk songs with musical arrangements that include early music instruments , such as viols , recorders , sackbuts and crumhorns .
the tape recorders in use after the early 1970s in the language laboratory were more complex than those in the home , being capable of multitracking and electronic remote control .
simple gifts is a folk trio from central pennsylvania , consisting of linda littleton ( fiddle , hammered dulcimer , bowed psaltery , recorders , percussion ) , karen hirshon ( vocals , fiddle , baritone fiddle , guitar , mandolin , banjo , banjolin , banjo guitar , spoons , percussion ) , and rachel hall ( english concertina , keyboards , percussion ) .
there are some digital video recorders that combine video and graphics in real time to the flash card , such as the video logger from racelogic which takes multiple camera inputs and gps generated graphics and merges them into one video .
kirk also played clarinet , harmonica , english horn , and recorders , and was a competent trumpeter .
her lyrical soprano repertoire revolves mostly around the italian baroque ( vivaldi - domenico scarlatti- cimarosa - baldassarre galuppi - pergolesi - boccherini - stradella - gasparini - sacchini ) , from whom she has made several recordings with the solisti veneti , conducted by claudio scimone ( erato ) for the philips , and bongiovanni recorders .
dicomed was founded in 1968 and in the early 1970s became a leading manufacturer of precision color film recorders such as the d47 and d48 .
recorded by doug williams at electromagnetic radiation recorders , shortly after the completion of .
the cinevator hd is the entry - level model of the cinevator range of real time film recorders / printers .
no cameras or recorders are ordinarily permitted .
after destroying two separate cassette recorders while making copies of the demo , hellion decided to press the recording onto vinyl and formed bongus lodus records .
following a review of its business , toshiba said it would stop production of hd dvd players and recorders .
despite the fairly primitive equipment in zodiac 's basement studio ( his original home - made setup consisted of four mono telefunken recorders hitched together ) , stebbing 's instinct for picking good material , the skills of house producer / engineer john hawkins , and the la de das ' burgeoning talent proved to be a winning combination , which bore fruit in their gutsy zodiac / philips recordings , earning them a string of chart - topping hits through 1966 - 67 , all of which are now regarded as classics of 60s r&b , and are highly prized by collectors .
ampex soldiered on throughout the mid-1950s with the mark ii and mark iii prototype recorders , which now used transverse scanning .
it was recorded at titan recorders , sherman oaks , ca .
in may 1991 , bad religion entered the westbeach recorders studio to begin recording material for their sixth studio album , " generator " , which was not released until march 1992 .
one other major consequence of the betamax technology 's introduction to the u.s. was the lawsuit " sony corp. v. universal city studios " ( 1984 , the " betamax case " ) , with the u.s. supreme court determining home videotaping to be legal in the united states , wherein home videotape cassette recorders were a legal technology since they had substantial noninfringing uses .
both flight recorders were found and successfully decoded .
dc bias was re - adopted by some very low cost cassette recorders .
abbey road studios had no multitrack recorders at the time , so a pair of mono machines was used .
akai is also generally regarded to have built the best 8-track player / recorders that were popular during the 1970s .
in practice , this is largely confined to computer - based dvd recorders , since standalone units generally record in real time , that is , 1x speed .
their instruments , which are all of their own invention , include carrot recorders , clappers made from eggplant , trumpets made from zucchini , and numerous others , which are amplified with the use of special microphones .
in 1986 , studio 56 needed to expand and moved to 7000 santa monica blvd in hollywood , california , formerly radio recorders studio .
keen to make use of the new recorders as soon as possible , crosby invested $ 50,000 of his own money into ampex , and the tiny six - man concern soon became the world leader in the development of tape recording , revolutionising radio and recording with its famous model 200 tape deck , issued in 1948 and developed directly from mullin 's modified magnetophones .
for data storage , the spacecraft carries two solid - state recorders ( one backup ) able to store up to one gigabyte each .
the change in format was attributed to the increase in the internet , cable tv channels ( like tv guide network ) , electronic program guides and digital video recorders as the sources of choice for viewers ' program listings .
" ballot fire " had previously appeared on the japanese release of " all systems go " where it is listed as having been recorded with anthony arvizu at mambo recorders in long beach , california .
while some dvd recorders store audio in mp2 and many consumer - authored dvds use the format , commercial dvds with mp2 soundtracks are rare .
erol 's tv achieved modest success in the 1960s and 1970s , selling and servicing color televisions and video cassette recorders in several locations throughout the washington , dc suburbs .
recording sessions took place at radio recorders in hollywood , california , on may 12 , 13 , and 14 , 1965 .
video recorders document suspect activities for evidentiary use .
crystal - eizou was founded in october 1984 and was incorporated in june 1985 at a time when home video recorders were penetrating the japanese market and actresses were being elevated into av idols .
coffin is possessed of a rich bass - baritone voice and plays various types of recorders and whistles , in addition to archaic instruments like the shawm , racket or ghemshorn .
