brinkley opened a convention center in 1996 which can seat up to 600 people ; in february 2006 the center hosted a conference commemorating the second anniversary of the ivory - billed woodpecker 's rediscovery .
in europe , the rediscovery of classical learning and inventions such as the printing press led to the renaissance in the 15th and 16th centuries .
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
rediscovery after prohibition ( 1933 – present ) .
an expedition to patagonia in 1998 resulted on the rediscovery of the austral rail ( rallus antarcticus ) .
starting around 1928 , emperor shōwa and his reign became associated with the rediscovery of " hakkō ichiu " as an expansionist element of japanese nationalistic beliefs .
rediscovery .
destruction and rediscovery .
the auckland rail is highly secretive and was considered to be extinct for many years before its rediscovery .
peter is a specialist in sacred architecture and a pioneer in the rediscovery of landscape temples , earth energies and the western geomantic tradition .
on july 1 , 2000 , the royal canadian mounted police patrol vessel " nadon " , having assumed the name " st roch ii " , departed vancouver on a " voyage of rediscovery " .
his writings on evolution and heredity are of interest as examples of thinking in this field at a time when the new science of genetics was in turmoil , following the rediscovery of the work of gregor mendel which appeared to conflict with darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection .
the rediscovery of the acoustic tradition by punks and other upstarts was newsworthy to rock critics and other arbiters of hipness .
the renaissance was partly caused by the rediscovery of classic antiquity .
thanks to the buena vista social club album , film , and follow - up solo albums there has been a revival of the traditional son and a rediscovery of older son performers who had often fallen by the wayside .
it shows signs of having been repaired , with the head seemingly having been broken off at the neck , though it is unclear whether the repairs were carried out in roman times or after the statue 's 17th century rediscovery .
year 1392 the rediscovery of astonia .
the sociologist - philosopher , michel foucault , established a radical critique of modernity based in a polemical rediscovery of kant , drawing influence also from the work of nietzsche .
are stéphane de gérando , laurent martin , thierry blondeau , marc andré , michael finnissy , james dillon , bruce mather , and claude lefèvre , but he has also championed older composers such as jean barraqué , brian ferneyhough , franco donatoni , luigi nono , aldo clementi , philippe boesmans , morton feldman , edison denisov , and john cage , as well as participating in the rediscovery of charles valentin alkan and the czech composers who were interred at terezienstadt in 1940 .
william de morgan is credited with the rediscovery of the art of lustre .
the exact site of the popham colony had long been lost until its rediscovery in 1994 .
although sculpting plants is n’t a new idea ( bonsai or topiary have long historical traditions ) , its recent rediscovery by artists , horticulturalists , gardeners , and young people has given living sculpture an innovative popularity .
the date of the statue , in the third quarter of the fifth century bc , long a subject of debate , was confirmed archaeologically by the rediscovery and excavation of phidias ' workshop .
the legendary rediscovery of long - lost reliquaries in 1388 revived the ancient pilgrimage trade .
interest in his works was revived during the twentieth century following the rediscovery of many of his scores during the 1940s by the cuban novelist and musicologist , alejo carpentier .
fleury was a pioneer in the rediscovery of many forgotten baroque flute compositions , and in commissioning new pieces by contemporary composers .
rediscovery / death .
neglect and rediscovery .
the " san francisco chronicle " called " mockingbird " " an unofficial sequel to " fahrenheit 451 " , for its central event and symbol is the rediscovery of reading . "
he took a photograph , and from this one photograph comes the rediscovery of the bronze age site now known as woodhenge two miles from stonehenge ( crawford , air - photography for archaeologists 1929 ) .
in 1699 , amontons published his rediscovery of the laws of friction first put forward by leonardo da vinci .
rediscovery of laocoön .
mulholland and peper ( 1971 ) showed that occipital alpha increases with eyes open and not focused , and is disrupted by visual focusing ; a rediscovery of alpha blocking .
new expeditions to the area of the rediscovery are planned in the hope of finding more individuals and possibly a breeding population .
the renaissance was a period that saw a rediscovery or renewed interest in the philosophy and art of the classical period .
the genus name therefore refers to the planet mars , alluding to the strange characteristics that seem to come out of nowhere , the species epithet is from ancient greek ηὕρηκα " i found it " , echoing archimedes ' famous exclamation was meant to epitomize the troubles involved in the rediscovery of the species after the first specimen discovered in a soil sample was lost .
" rediscovery " is a novel in the darkover series of novels and short stories by marion zimmer bradley and others published in the united states since 1958 .
this species does not possess a lignotuber , and is therefore vulnerable to bushfire ; the impact of deliberate burn - off has been recorded at the site of its rediscovery .
the iron - mines and stone - quarries of northamptonshire were worked in roman times , but the former were entirely neglected from the plantagenet period until their rediscovery in 1850 , while the two most famous quarries , those of barnack and stanion , were exhausted about the 16th century .
rediscovery .
rosenberg argues that most biblical material has become overly familiar to us , and we are at a loss , for whatever personal reason we may have , to appreciate it as poetry , in and of itself ( hence the " rediscovery " of the book 's subtitle ) .
but they also initiated rediscovery of cultural heritage to a certain extent .
he asserts that the images generated by these religious movements share much in common with the images that increasingly dominate the mainstream critical scholarship of the new testament , especially following the rediscovery of the gnostic gospels found at nag hammadi in egypt in 1945 .
as of 2007 , visitors can also often observe archaeologists from the jamestown rediscovery project at work , as archaeological work at the site continues and is greatly expanding knowledge of what happened at jamestown in its earliest days .
he also wrote 32 short stories ( collected in " the rediscovery of man " ( 1993 ) , including two versions of the short story " war no . 81-q " ) .
her rediscovery was attributed to a coincidence when three students from her home province visited the shelter whereby she sang a song by chance and recounted her entire tale to the students , who were instrumental in helping her to relocate her family members .
it was later revived , starting in 1947 with the ' rediscovery ' of sanford brunson campbell ( march 20 , 1884 - november 23 , 1952 ) who was one of the most noted folk ragtimers as well as a student of scott joplin , and then in the early 1960s by the now foremost authority on folk ragtime , trebor jay tichenor ( 1940- ) .
humanist scholars searched monastic libraries for ancient manuscripts and recovered tacitus and other latin authors ; with the rediscovery of vitruvius the architectural principles of antiquity could be observed once more , and renaissance artists were encouraged , in the atmosphere of humanist optimism , to excel the achievements of the ancients , like apelles , of whom they read .
finally it was filled and smoothed for ploughland and was forgotten until its rediscovery in the 17th century by the antiquarian raffaello fabretti .
rediscovery and documentary .
rediscovery and initial boom 1907 - 1910 .
rediscovery of the site .
quintero 's interest contributed to the rediscovery of o'neill .
rediscovery , analysis , and classification as a hoax .
rediscovery .
later tradition linked the school 's decline to neleus of scepsis and his descendents hiding the works of aristotle and theophrastus in a cellar until their rediscovery in the 1st century bc , and even though this story may be doubted , it is possible that aristotle 's works were not widely read .
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
the " song of ullikummi " was recognized from its first rediscovery as a predecessor of greek myths in hesiod .
the lyrics are of discovery and rediscovery and there is lots of vibrato - laden organ playing on this record .
leyster 's rediscovery came in 1893 .
the site is of great interest to industrial archaeologists and also to cavers on account of the existence of waldegrave swallet ( opened 1934 ) and the possible rediscovery of five buddles sink or thomas bushell ’s swallet ( named after the man who first discovered it ) .
rediscovery and final fate .
others have focused on the positive influence of the renaissance , pointing to factors like the rediscovery of lost or obscure texts and the increased emphasis on the study of language and the correct reading of texts .
he focused on the us in " to make a nation : the rediscovery of american federalism " ( 1993 ) about american political theory .
hookham ( 1991 : p. 165 ) affirms that there are precious few records of the rgv or rgvv ( its commentary ) in india and that their traditional recorded history commences with their ' rediscovery ' by maitripa .
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
starting in 1994 , a major archaeological campaign conducted by the apva at jamestown known as jamestown rediscovery has discovered the remains of the original 1607 settlement , and greatly increased the knowledge of jamestown .
his rediscovery of spanish painting from the golden age , his willingness to show the unpainted canvas , his exploration of the forthright nude and his radical brush strokes are the first step toward impressionism .
as with the mckinney books , the creators of the " robotech " rpg originally lacked access to the complete source material that has since become available largely due to rediscovery and research .
it is collected most recently in " the rediscovery of man " .
in june 2005 , ornithologists at yale university , the university of kansas , and florida gulf coast university submitted a scientific article skeptical of the initial reports of rediscovery .
rediscovery of genetics .
to the separation between langobardia major and langobardia minor dates back the historical bipartition of italy that has , for centuries , directed the north towards the central - western europe and the south , instead , to the mediterranean area , while the lombard law conditioned for long time the italian legal system , so as not to be completely abandoned even after the rediscovery of the roman law , between the xi and xii century .
rediscovery .
while the rediscovery of the takahē in 1948 ( after none had been seen since 1898 ) , showed that rare birds may exist undiscovered for a long time , the takahē was rediscovered after its tracks were identified — yet no reliable evidence of moa tracks has ever been found .
according to the gallery director nicholas penny , the rediscovery was " huge " and its redisplay would be an historic moment , describing it as " an extraordinarily powerful work " , " one of the great french paintings " and by " one of the greatest painters " of the 19th century .
" an important theme of black consciousness literature was the " rediscovery of the ordinary " , which can be used to describe the work of njabulo ndebele .
independent trucks quickly became an industry leader and the group saw the opportunity to expand and capitalize upon the rediscovery of skateboarding in america .
indeed dr. william kelso and beverly straube of jamestown rediscovery are convinced that the colony 's fate was " beyond the control of either settlers or their london backers " .
rediscovery .
the collection was looted by the red army in 1945 and hidden in the kiev conservatory , but was returned to germany after its rediscovery in 2000 .
the rediscovery of the copyist 's score of the 1886 version was the only significant change to the " gesamtausgabe " during nowak 's long editorship ( 1944 - 198 ? ) .
in 1896 , the french medical student ernest duchesne originally discovered the antibiotic properties of penicillium , but failed to report a connection between the fungus and a substance that had antibacterial properties , and penicillium was forgotten in the scientific community until fleming 's rediscovery . "
lost cities generally fall into three broad categories : those whose disappearance has been so complete that no knowledge of the city existed until the time of its rediscovery and study , those whose location has been lost but whose memory has been retained in the context of myths and legends , and those whose existence and location have always been known , but which are no longer inhabited .
most of the high ones died out , and their descendants forgot their origins completely until cutter 's quest led to their rediscovery .
this basically means that the species occurs on less than 5000 km² , and that its range , avaiolable habitat , and population size are shrinking ( birdlife international 2004 ) . nonwithstanding the rediscovery of the northern population , no more than a handful of individuals
rediscovery .
guarini played an important role in the popular classical movement of the 1800s , centered at naples in southern italy , after the rediscovery of pompeii .
an interview with riley concerning moore 's rediscovery and later years appears as a documentary element within the " guilty river " chapter of iain sinclair 's novel " downriver " .
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
he was likely encouraged by a series of articles in the " neue zeitschrift für musik " , inviting composers to write a " national opera " based on the nibelungenlied , a 12th century high german poem which , since its rediscovery in 1755 , had been hailed by the german romantics as the " german national epic " . "
rediscovery .
this cairn was found by members of the australian national antarctic research expeditions ( anare ) in 1960 but was lost for many years until its rediscovery in 1995 .
because of lack of information and specimen , it was considered the same species with the razor - billed curassow , until after its rediscovery in 1951 in the alagoas lowland forests , brazil .
on the other hand , " māyā " is the portal towards the rediscovery of " śiva " - when it is seen in the context of the spiritual evolution .
rediscovery forest is located in the oregon garden , in silverton , oregon .
cordwainer smith 's " the rediscovery of man " series depicts a society recovering from its dystopian period , beginning in " the dead lady of clown town " with the discovery that its utopia was impossible to maintain .
the submarine was last seen leaving her anchorage on 24 february 1943 at lochranza , in the north of the isle of arran before her rediscovery in december 1994 .
his fantasy romances languished out of print for decades until their rediscovery amid the great fantasy revival of the late 1960s following the phenomenal success of tolkien 's " lord of the rings " .
the resurgence of public interest in kalaripayat began in the 1920s in tellicherry as part of a wave of rediscovery of the traditional arts throughout south india which characterized the growing reaction against british colonial rule .
many letter forms were uncertain , and the texts themselves were cryptic and obscure , so that the catholic authorities found themselves entirely reliant on morisco translators ; chief amongst whom were miguel de luna and alonso del castillo , who by fortunate chance lived in the nearby albaicin , and who had indeed been instrumental in the rediscovery of some of the books .
since its rediscovery , it has taken on a new function as a political symbol associated with modern macedonia , and has become the object of political conflict between greeks and ethnic macedonians .
the great depression that followed the economic crisis of 1929 ( the third " international " general crisis of the 1930s ) encouraged a rediscovery of marx .
rediscovery of the crypt .
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
the site was later abandoned and forgotten until its rediscovery in the 1990s .
jamestown rediscovery .
rediscovery and translations .
" searching out the headwaters : change and rediscovery in western water law and policy " , with bates , macdonnell and wilkinson ( 1993 ) ;
while plowing in the area , a horse apparently fell down a hole which allowed the cave 's rediscovery .
rediscovery .
rediscovery of the jewish roots .
with the support of the bishop museum , the polynesian voyaging society 's double - hulled canoe " hōkūle‘a " has contributed to rediscovery of native hawaiian culture , especially in the revival of non - instrument navigation by which ancient polynesians originally settled hawaii .
most of its tiny known range , estimated at only 1 km² by birdlife international , is within the yunguilla reserve , which , following the rediscovery of this species in 1998 , was set up by the jocotoco foundation .
rediscovery & publication .
he is best known for his rediscovery of the baroque masterpiece , " the taking of christ " by michelangelo merisi da caravaggio in the early 1990 ’s .
a revival of interest in australian military history and the rediscovery of graves at fromelles in the 21st century led to a number of books being written about the battle , which tended to be critical of mccay .
the hectocotyl arm was first described in the biological works of aristotle , and it was widely disbelieved until its rediscovery in the nineteenth century .
his theory was so successful that , in effect , it killed off perfectly good earlier theories of ratio , and fowler 's aim had been to find the evidence for the rediscovery of these previous theories .
rediscovery .
following the 1939 rediscovery , the comets orbit was calculated by jens p. möller ( copenhagen , denmark ) , and katherine p. kaster and thomas bartlett ( berkeley , usa ) .
rediscovery .
only with the rediscovery of the " apology " in 1878 and 1889 , did it reappear in history books .
the publicity led to his rediscovery in the nearby royal army medical college , where he had been taken in as a presumed stray and named pc , short for " patrol cat " .
these photographs became the basis of two more books , and in 1943 were described by " the architectural review " as " nothing short of a rediscovery of the baroque monuments " .
soon after this " rediscovery , " boubacar 's wife died .
this rediscovery is reflected in her work " in the mecca " , a book length poem about a mother searching for her lost child in a chicago housing project . "
he is also credited for the first observation ( 1723 ) of what is usually referred to as poisson 's spot , an observation that was unrecognized until its rediscovery in the early 1800s by dominique arago .
this special commitment for joseph marx , who has represented the tonal music of austria as an influential composer , teacher and critic , underscores cerha 's renown as an undogmatic artist who supports every kind of significant musical rediscovery regardless of its reference to tonality or modernism .
in 1968 , these developments led to the rediscovery of lonnie mack 's seminal blues - rock guitar recordings of the early 1960s .
among the fruits of his research has been his rediscovery and recording the music of matvej pavlov - azancheev ( 1888 - 1963 ) , who was among the rare composers for the seven - string guitar in the first half of the twentieth century .
" gallaher 's approach to the rediscovery of british columbia 's past is wonderfully helpful .
this observation , together with later studies conducted by bernard brodie and julius axelrod led to the rediscovery of paracetamol as a drug .
rediscovery of cartier 's first colony .
historians disagree on the precise way it was recovered in northern italy about 1070 : perhaps it was waiting unneeded and unnoticed in a library until the legal studies that were undertaken on behalf of papal authority that was central to the gregorian reform of pope gregory vii led to its accidental rediscovery .
upon rediscovery of the old lyrics , rabbitt completed the song ( with help from frequent songwriting partners even stevens and david malloy ) and recorded it .
the exciting rediscovery was published in 1993 .
how many men and women and how many families that had grown distant from the ecclesial community or had abandoned the practice of christian life , through the announcement of the kerygma and the itinerary of rediscovery of baptism , have been helped to find again the joy of the faith and the enthusiasm of the testimony of the gospel . "
rediscovery .
in this context , driven by the desire to bring new life to the piano repertoire ( somewhat lacking in the whole area of works from so - called minor composers ) and by the thought of the quantity of splendid music waiting to be discovered , she decided that she should devote herself to the rediscovery of all those works that merited a return to prominence and which had caught her interest not only for what they offered to a researcher , but also for what they offered to a pianist .
rediscovery and future of the site .
their identification has been a core area of research on the subject since the time of the site 's rediscovery in 1819 .
these novels , since they take place in a far future dictated by asimov to be free of obvious robot presence , follow asimov in surmising that r. daneel 's secret influence on history through the millennia has prevented the rediscovery of positronic brain technology or work on sophisticated intelligent machines , so as to make certain that the superior physical and intellectual power wielded by intelligent machines remains squarely in the possession of robots obedient to some form of the three laws .
the past two centuries of repeated rediscovery and neglect of the phenomenon were summarised by stokes and blythe in 2001 .
laurel and hardy author glenn mitchell is even less impressed by the film than was lacourbe : " why girls love sailors " is one of several instances where the status of a ' lost ' film has been reduced by its rediscovery , " he writes .
there is an age of discovery and rediscovery , and an eventual renaissance in florence in the 1400s .
their renown began to revive toward the end of their lives — especially triggered by their rediscovery by the blues researcher charters .
the bird that was presumed extinct for many years until it rediscovery in december 1993 near diffun , quirino , and in mansarong , baggao , cagayan in september 1994 .
rediscovery & sources .
casualty , recovery , loss and rediscovery .
soon the early archaeologists began to investigate various areas around the world , with the study of ancient aegean civilization being stimulated by the excavations of heinrich schliemann at troy , and of arthur evans at crete , whilst john lloyd stephens was a pivotal figure in the rediscovery of maya civilization throughout central america .
its accidental rediscovery ( by a woman who , not realising its significance , gives it to her elderly father as a pseudo garden gnome ) coincides with the arrival in the same town of three eccentric old women who seem to be looking for something lost or hidden many years before , and a nervous , " other - worldly " child .
as a result of lowndes’ open approach to working , leaving room for reworking and rediscovery , her work vacillates between and perhaps challenges the “ undefined space between craft and fine art . ”
il cinema ritrovato ( cinema rediscovered ) is a festival dedicated to the rediscovery of rare and little - known films with a particular focus on cinema origins and the silent movie period .
rediscovery .
the rediscovery of medieval civilization was one of the intellectual curiosities of the beginning of the 19th century , with much input from the ancien régime and its institutions , rites ( the coronation ceremony dated back to the 16th century ) and the medieval churches in which family ceremonies occurred .
the rediscovery of ancient greek and roman art and classics brought better proportions , perspective and use of lighting in art .
rediscovery .
the song was a success at the time , but was then forgotten until its rediscovery in the 19th century by edmond de goncourt .
the renaissance rediscovery of anti - constantinian sources prompted a re - evaluation of constantine 's career .
another example is the rediscovery of altinum , a precursor to the city of venice , from a combination of visible and near - infrared photos of the area taken during a drought in 2007 .
rediscovery .
stephens and catherwood are credited for the " rediscovery " of the maya civilization , and through their publications brought the maya back into the minds of the western world .
the type material of " n. campanulata " lacks floral structures and these remained unknown until the species ' rediscovery in 1997 .
rediscovery .
it was believed extinct until its rediscovery on the rock known as ball 's pyramid .
the rediscovery of architecture through feminist theory is not limited to female architects .
since its rediscovery the wreck has become a popular dive site due to its shallow depth .
rediscovery in the late 1800s .
despite the break in their friendship , cowell , in collaboration with his wife , wrote the first major study of ives 's music and provided crucial support to harrison as his former pupil championed the ives rediscovery .
the rediscovery of vitruvius ' work had a profound influence on architects of the renaissance , prompting the rise of the renaissance style .
" the rediscovery of man : the complete short science fiction of cordwainer smith " ( isbn 0 - 915368 - 56 - 0 ) is a 1993 book containing the complete collected short fiction of science fiction author cordwainer smith .
rediscovery .
before the rediscovery of taikyoku shogi in 1997 , tai shogi was believed to be the largest playable chess variant ( if not board game ) ever .
the rediscovery of ancient scientific texts was accelerated after the fall of constantinople , and the invention of printing which would democratize learning and allow a faster propagation of new ideas . "
dirt nasty is credited as the impetus behind mickey avalon 's personal rediscovery of , and subsequent success in , hip hop .
rediscovery .
within the context of the future history , the rediscovery of mankind refers to the instrumentality 's re - introduction of chance and unhappiness into the sterile utopia that they had created for humanity .
writings and rediscovery .
apva archaeologist william m. kelso phd. heads the jamestown rediscovery team that in 1996 discovered the foundations of the 1607 james fort , long thought to have disappeared in the waters of the james river ..
rediscovery .
with gerry 's words as her guide , holly embarks on a journey of rediscovery in a story about marriage , friendship and how a love so strong can turn the finality of death into new beginning for life .
thinking the sorcerers had been defeated long ago , they are unaware that the scrolls ' existence and rediscovery is known to hidden " diarmadh'im " .
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
this surface was originally discovered by , but named after alexander m. macbeath due to his later independent rediscovery of the same curve .
rediscovery .
while the incident would lead to great changes on earth , to those of araidna , it caused their isolation from the rest of humanity until their rediscovery several decades later .
" for more information on their film work and on the rediscovery of the mitchell and kenyon collection see mitchell and kenyon . "
however , a rediscovery of the species in 1980 proved that the species survived .
discovery and rediscovery .
thrown into prison , he hid the jeweled reliquary in his cell , where it remained until its rediscovery in 1557 .
also influential , however , was spelman 's rediscovery of the existence of the feudal system at the time of magna carta , which seemed to have less and less effect on the world of the time .
another architectural trend has been the rediscovery of singapore 's architectural heritage , leading to an active conservation programme as well as a booming industry in the restoration of historic buildings , often adapting them to new uses .
his rediscovery in the second half of the 20th century is mainly due to german author arno schmidt who published a radio essay about him in 1959 .
included are recreations of a native american village , replicas of sailing ships and a colonial fort , and archaeological sites of the jamestown rediscovery project where current work is underway .
the economy of the town increased upon the rediscovery of limestone deposits in the 19th century .
rediscovery .
pierre manent is a key figure of the contemporary french political philosophy and his work has helped the rediscovery of the french liberal tradition .
the rediscovery of bogdanov 's tectology occurred only in the 1970s .
rediscovery .
from the artistic point of view was one of the centers of so - called adriatic renaissance , in essence that particular kind of renaissance that spread between dalmatia , venice and the marches , characterized by a rediscovery of classical art accompanied by a certain continuity with the gothic art .
fragonard 's painting of " françois premier reçu chevalier par bayard " ( " francis i knighted by bayard " , salon of 1819 ) has to be read not as a rediscovery of a medieval past , but as a memory of a recent monarchic tradition .
search and rediscovery .
following its 1912 rediscovery , one of the earliest efforts to unlock the book 's secrets ( and the first of many premature claims of decipherment ) was made in 1921 by william newbold of the university of pennsylvania .
it is a stock phrase usually attached to mementos acknowledging miraculous divine gifts , and reflects lindo ferretti 's rediscovery of his catholic roots following a long career of radical left activism .
the only old recording with the title of " polo " , prior to its " rediscovery " in the 1950s , was made by la rubia and it resembles the caña even more than the usual version of the " polo natural " .
rediscovery .
much of this early period of feminist literary scholarship was given over to the rediscovery and reclamation of texts written by women .
with the rediscovery of his theatrical works , handel , in addition to his renown as instrumentalist , orchestral writer , and melodist , is now perceived as being one of opera 's great musical dramatists .
a rediscovery of the past had followed , with such doubtful discoveries as the " ossian "- fragments .
with its rediscovery in its parent country , the traditions of buddhism were significantly recognized so that the asokan pillar , the sacred wheel of law ( dharmachakra ) and the singhanada sculpture from saranatha are now a part of indian national life and heritage .
however , the rediscovery in the 18th century of other letters by vespucci , primarily the soderini letter , has led to the view that the early published accounts could be fabrications , not by vespucci , but by others .
soon she began a rediscovery of the traditions of indian art which was to continue till her death .
it included recordings of historical significance and followed a path marked by critical acclaim , periods of reclusion , rediscovery and comeback .
the bridge was then forgotten , remembered only in the name of the area where it had stood , until its rediscovery and subsequent excavation as a result of demolition work carried out in the 1880s .
although the viking leif ericson has generally been credited as having discovered the north american continent roughly 500 years earlier , columbus ' rediscovery has had a more lasting impact on the colonization trends that continued up until around the onset of world war i.
rediscovery .
rediscovery .
expeditions to indonesia and the philippines led to the rediscovery of the tanahjampea monarch and the cebu flowerpecker .
while a student in berkeley she met documentary film director allan francovich whom she married in 1970 ; together they participated in the f.w. murnau film society , the cinematic rediscovery circle around tom luddy , founder of the pacific film archives .
they were forgotten until its rediscovery in 1958 .
this new model was quickly brought into question by the 1970s , a period marked a rediscovery of the haussmann heritage : a new promotion of the multifunctional street was accompanied by limitations in the building model and , in certain quarters , by an attempt to rediscover the architectural homogeneity of the second empire street - block .
despite the politicized dramatization of the plains aborigines , their “ rediscovery ” as a matter of public discourse has had a lasting effect on the increased socio - political reconceptualization of taiwan — emerging from the a han chinese dominant perspective into a wider acceptance of taiwan as a multi - cultural and multi - ethnic community .
sometime early in the 5th century a fire destroyed the building , and it was abandoned and forgotten until its rediscovery in the 20th century .
in 2008 , the fleet library at the rhode island school of design announced the rediscovery in its collection of 455 lithographic printed plans for the camouflage of us merchant ships during world war i. these documents were donated to the risd library in 1919 by one of the school ’s alumni , designer maurice l. freeman , who had been a camouflage artist for the u.s. shipping board in jacksonville , florida .
the bird was discovered by the surgeon - naturalist thomas c. jerdon in 1848 but not seen again until its rediscovery in 1986 .
during the years since its rediscovery , the cartoon has garnered a huge cult following among animation fans because of its edgy humor , and is featured on the ' .
" every time you masturbate … god kills a kitten " originally appeared as the cover of " the gonzo " in 1996 and has been used extensively since its rediscovery in 2002 .
in 1994 , the jamestown rediscovery project was created by the apva to archaeologically explore their land .
kelso ’s book , co authored with colleague dr. beverly straube , entitled " jamestown rediscovery : 1994 - 2004 " includes an in - depth study of the artifacts uncovered during the jamestown excavations .
until its recent rediscovery , it was believed to have become extinct in the last 500 years .
she said of the rediscovery , " i was so ready for something fresh and exciting in my life .
these , at considerable cost and much delay , were published between 1907 and 1920 , except one volume — bruce ’s own log — that remained unpublished until 1992 , after its rediscovery .
mount diablo buckwheat , " eriogonum truncatum " , is a small pink flower , believed to have been extinct since 1936 until its rediscovery in 2005 .
in addition to discovering tens of thousands of asteroids ( 67,820 as of june 13 , 2006 ) , linear is also credited with the discovery , or co - discovery , or rediscovery of several periodic comets , including tempel - swift - linear , shoemaker - linear , anderson - linear , russell - linear , kowal - linear , linear ( linear 43 ) , linear ( linear 10 ) , and linear ( linear 52 , 118401 linear : one of only five objects classified both as comets and asteroids ) .
the book was instrumental in the rediscovery and reappraisal of springfield 's work , and was the foundation for o'brien 's reputation as an authority on female artists and soul music .
in the next century , it was acquired by the prior of santa maría de meyá , passing into private hands , after which only copies and derivative manuscripts were available to the scholarly community until the rediscovery of the original manuscript in 1928 .
it is a rare resident of madagascar that was virtually unknown from its discovery in 1878 to its rediscovery by researchers from the world wide fund for nature in 1993 .
from 1913 on , when the life and works of antonio vivaldi became the subject of his doctoral thesis , he was instrumental in the rediscovery of a number of baroque composers .
2005 : the path to self - rediscovery .
however , he did help in the rediscovery of his contemporary skip james .
rediscovery .
a dark era of eight hundred years engulfed abhayagiri vihara until its rediscovery in the 1880s awoke scientific and scholarly interest in the abandoned and vandalized ruins . mistakenly identified at first as jetavana vihara , they were photographed and drawn by specialists in the late nineteenth century , while the department of archaeology , established about the same period , undertook excavation and conservation work of some of the edifices at the beginning of the twentieth century .
piedmont records issued - among others - the first recordings after their ' rediscovery ' of mississippi john hurt and robert wilkins .
today , visitors to historic jamestowne can view the site of the original 1607 james fort , the 17th century church tower and the site of the 17th century town , as well as tour an archaeological museum called the archaearium and view many of the hundreds of thousands of artifacts found by jamestown rediscovery .
the new christian method of learning was influenced by anselm of canterbury ( 1033 - 1109 ) from the rediscovery of the works of aristotle through medieval jewish and muslim philosophy ( maimonides , avicenna , and averroes ) and those whom he influenced , most notably albertus magnus , bonaventure and abélard .
to the singer , both as an indie recording artist and as an independent person , the rediscovery of notebooks stashed away from the early days in ottawa almost bordered on a ‘
