pembroke refinery .
it was hoped that this would lessen arab calls for complete independence , while still allowing british control of foreign affairs and the bp refinery at little aden to continue .
it is thought that the revolt was , at least in part , caused by the heavy - handed conduct of government officials during the building of a sugar refinery at kompong kol , banan district , in 1966 .
brewing and sugar refinery and the production of hats and caps , are also major industries .
of the reactor 's journey , only about 40 miles were traveled overland , from the final port to the refinery .
in 1655 a jew was , exceptionally , permitted to establish a sugar - refinery .
port sudan refinery .
the company operates an oil refinery in warren that can process 70,000 barrels of oil into gasoline , diesel fuel and other petroleum distillates per day .
the film tells the story of aldo ( steve cochran ) , a worker of an italian sugar refinery .
joadja 's legacy still remains with many of the historical buildings remaining in ruin such as some of the miner 's cottages , a school house , church , cemetery and refinery devices such as shale ovens .
his father , a cuban mechanical engineer , migrated from cuba to the dominican republic in the early years of the twentieth century to be hired as chief of engineers of the cristóbal colón sugar refinery .
the el dorado frontier oil refinery is one of the largest in the plains states and in the rocky mountain region .
in the eighteenth century a unitarian chapel , designed by william blackburn , was built adjacent to the sugar refinery .
in conclusion , the profitability of the refinery is in sight , by which the state has the obligation to comply with the country supporting the workers project that seeks to increase the production of derivatives and reduce import ; but above all , ensure that the operation are maintained in the hands of technicians of the state .
the lifestyle of the swinomish , like many northwest coast tribes , involves the fishing of salmon and collecting of shellfish , although a nearby oil refinery has contributed to the contamination of these foods .
in addition to 261 service stations , 51 1 - 2 - 3 stations and a network of distribution of petroleum products in denmark , statoil also ownes a refinery in kalundborg and is performing exploration on the faroe islands continental shelf .
before acquisition by ongc in march 2003 , mrpl was a joint venture oil refinery promoted by m / s hindustan petroleum corporation limited ( hpcl ) , a public sector company and m / s iril & associates ( av birla group ) .
the sinclair refinery ( built in 1910 by texaco ) is located on southwest boulevard .
the refinery processes low sulphur crude from bombay high , imported low sulphur crude from nigeria , and high sulphur crude from
the refinery closed down in march 1983 .
in 1907 standard oil founder john d. rockefeller acquired several hundred acres of the former morse family estate between linden and elizabeth , new jersey as the site for his latest refinery .
the new oil refinery had been built in gdańsk , and an oil pipeline connected both with main polish pipeline in płock .
standard oil of indiana then began to build a small refinery next to the transshipping facility port .
the house is a unique example of a plantation home outliving the oil refinery that had been built around it .
once they reached the target ( white iv ) , his group released its bombs on the asta romana refinery , evaded heavy concentrations of german and romanian fighter attacks , and then headed with a number of other crippled aircraft to cyprus .
it ’s one of the several projects to energize the tourist possibilities of this potential major cultural destination , frequently overshadowed by the mass - tourism due to the proximity of several holiday resorts , and the refinery and the industrial development which yielded a bad reputation to the city because of pollution , now fortunately eradicated .
he purchased the entire future output of their small venture , wamsutta oil refinery , at mcclintocksville , near oil city at a fixed price .
after completing his studies in 1978 , he worked as a journalist with " the star " in kuala lumpur until 1980 when he joined malaysia 's largest sugar refinery , malayan sugar manufacturing company berhad , as a personnel manager .
iran consequently led a failed attempt to attack a kuwaiti refinery complex in 1981 ( intercepted and blocked by iraqi air force ) , which inspired subsequent acts of sabotage in 1983 and 1986 .
in 1990 a further pipeline was completed , linking the site to the lindsey oil refinery in humberside .
the lng plant will be built adjacent to the oil refinery owned by interoil near port moresby .
the bridge passes over an oil refinery ( originally owned by gulf oil , now by sun oil ) .
coastal petroleum re - opened the refinery after major overhaul but not at nearly it original capacity .
she operated as a lake tanker , sailing from lake maracaibo in venezuela to the refinery at aruba .
william welsh harrison , co - owner of the franklin sugar refinery , purchased in 1881 , rosedale hall from j. thomas audenreid .
among the major allegations presented by the film was the bazan sale incident , in which the company 's stake in the country 's largest oil refinery was bought out by israel 's treasury , for what many considered to be an overvalued sum , especialy since israel corp. was bound by an agreement to return its holding of bazan to the state without compensation .
established in 1922 , it is the oldest refinery in the area .
it also has a formerly state owned copper refinery .
high resolution ft - nmr spectrometers operating in the 60 mhz range with shielded permanent magnet systems yield high resolution nmr spectra of refinery and petrochemical streams .
he is also credited with setting up canada 's first refinery of crude oil to produce kerosene , based on the laboratory work of abraham gesner .
he further announced that a mini - refinery would be set up to produce diesel , kerosene and heavy fuel oil .
he worked in vienna 's gold and silver refinery .
it was constantly evolving and during the last years of her exploitation , the company made massive investments to strengthen the refinery in the market of the refining .
oil produced in the field goes to the small ( 2,800 barrel - per - day ) oxnard refinery , owned by tenby , inc. , in an unincorporated area south of fifth street near the eastern oxnard city limit .
the first modern oil sands refinery was built there in 1857 ; in addition to the having the first school of oil technology .
on august 7 , 1944 , the oil refinery in trzebina was bombed during the oil campaign of world war ii , and post - war the village was part of a recovered territory from nazi germany during the territorial changes of poland after world war ii .
in parallel with this expansion in the bitumen area , hundreds of million swedish kronor were invested in turning the nynäshamn refinery into a modern facility for the production of naphthenic specialty oils .
a hydrocarbon explosion at the refinery in 1980 obliterated part of the industrial area and some nearby homes .
in 1908 , the partnership acquired the adjoining 12,500 acre ( 51 km² ) cunningham plantation with its raw sugar mill and cane - sugar refinery .
manuel julián cobos , a cruel and despotic man , founded a sugar cane plantation and sugar refinery more than a century ago .
with the onset of world war ii the refinery saw major changes .
as chairman of the west wales field society , he also led an unsuccessful campaign against the building of a large oil refinery at milford haven .
tokayev criticized lithuania for opposing a russian offer for its mažeikių oil refinery .
black king is the commander responsible for the assault on the kemsynth oil refinery in alaska .
during the oil campaign of world war ii , the almásfüzitő oil refinery was bombed by the united states army air forces .
in hungary , the druzhba-1 pipeline supplies duna refinery while druzhba-2 supplies duna and tisza refineries .
the refinery also produces a wide range of specialty products like benzene , toluene , mto , food grade hexane , solvents , labfs , etc .
the closure of the texaco refinery coincided with those of the refineries of imperial oil ltd. , gulf canada , and bp .
the constructor was indonesia 's largest and most experienced : " adhi karya " using high - quality steel from indonesia 's " pt cakra tunggal " refinery and cement from the huge " semen gresik " firm , which had recently been retooled by germany 's famous " heidelberg cement " .
for instance , lemongrass essential oil has to contain 75% aldehyde to meet the fcc profile for that oil , but that aldehyde can come from a chemical refinery instead of from lemongrass .
besides his duties as overseer of denmark 's taxes , von schimmelmann also ran his own private business , having bought the danish sugar plantations in the danish west indies and a sugar refinery in copenhagen for 400,000 rigsdaler .
the largest refinery there , astra română , produced two million tons of crude oil a year , feeding the german war machine 's advance into the soviet union .
matson had been captain of a vessel , engaged chiefly in carrying coal to the spreckels sugar refinery and later worked aboard the spreckels family yacht .
much of the output of the scotford upgrader is sold to the scotford refinery .
in addition , skerrit announced that his government had agreed to the construction of a us$ 80,000,000 refinery on the island .
in subsequent years , he watched as other countries set records for the tallest building , largest factory , largest refinery , and richest person .
they hide in an empty oil - refinery in alaska and begin a killing spree in america with the help of their teleporters .
the heat can not escape as well as it can in a burning refinery , which is in the open .
nagapattnam refinery .
2009 lincolnshire oil refinery debate .
a 19th - century gold rush was followed by prosperity brought on by first the opening of a crude oil transshippment facility in 1924 and then in 1928 with the opening of an oil refinery .
according to pakistan 's dawn news , abraaj capital is planning to invest in the refinery company of bosicor pakistan limited .
apart from bp 's bulwer island refinery , the suburb contains a small number of detached houses ( primarily of weatherboard construction ) , primary school , local store , pub and industrial precints .
balkanabad - aliabad power transfer line and several other projects such as the program of fiber - optic communications development , construction of bunkers and other objects in merve and a refinery in turkmenbashi , construction of liquefied gas terminals , highways are instances of growing bilateral relations .
major port industries include alcoa 's point henry smelter , awb limited 's grain elevator , and shell australia 's corio oil refinery .
targets include an oil refinery , the airplane factory lola - utva and chemical plants .
with a turnover of around usd 2500 million , the refinery aims to strengthen its presence in refining and marketing of petroleum products and further grow into the energy and petrochemical sectors .
the economic activity is centered around an oil refinery , shipbreaking , as well as tourism .
in 1997 the belgian solve company bought the deny soda combine , and in 1999 lukoil of russia bought the neftochim oil refinery at burgas .
mulyanka is influenced by the adjacency of oil refinery of jsc " lukoil - permnefteorgsintez " which was put into operation in 1958 .
the largest underground mine in africa , the mufulira mine employs 10,000 people ; includes a concentrator , a refinery and a smelter ; and produces 300,000 tons of copper each year through the process of open stopping .
around 150 locals and protesters blocked the entrance to the refinery site and began to recite the rosary .
construction of the initial facility , a ( stream ) refinery , began during the summer of 1955 .
in february 1942 , " major general henry gibbins " , along with the ss " florida " , transported 850 troops and their weapons to the oil refinery port of aruba , netherlands antilles , disembarking their cargoes on the 11th . " major general henry gibbins " was fortunately still safely in port when german submarines attacked shipping in the area on the 16th .
maybe a new refinery imperial oil will return to the montreal - east .
lately the lourenço marques oil refinery was established by the sociedade nacional de refinação de petróleo ( sonarep ) - a franco - portuguese syndicate .
at the end of two years he was captain of a vessel , engaged chiefly in carrying coal to the spreckels sugar company refinery .
the refinery near skaramangas bay also lies to the north and the northern part belongs to aspropyrgos .
in 1984 construction of the worsley alumina refinery began and the area experienced an unexpected revival .
2008 georgia sugar refinery explosion .
panipat also has heavy industry , with a refinery of the indian oil corporation , a national thermal power corporation power plant and a national fertilizers limited plant .
the yabulu refinery became operational in 1974 after completion of the greenvale to yabulu railway line .
u.s. oil & refining co. is an oil refinery located in the tideflats of tacoma , washington .
it is plausible but inadequate to see tany as a man of unsound mind , his health perhaps affected by the mercury in the goldsmith 's refinery , one whose voice became audible and his writings circulated purely because of the special circumstances of the english revolution and a world made free to listen to crazed voices .
although based in chingola , 15% of its operations-- namely nkana refinery , nkana acid plants and nkana smelter ( the largest smelter in the nation ) -- are located in kitwe .
the mumbai refinery in mumbai , maharashtra , india came into stream in 1954 under the ownership of esso .
crude oil and most petroleum liquids are exported , and australia 's largest petroleum refinery at kwinana in wa 's south - west , produces petrol and diesel for local consumption .
in 2005 , his family was awarded a portion of us$ 21.8-million in restitution payments for the theft of the families 's sugar refinery in austria .
it is also the only refinery in india to have two ccrs producing unleaded petrol of high octane .
the development of pumps that could pump material out of refinery lubricant containers was both a blessing to industry and a real headache for equipment producers and customers .
it is also situated between 9 and interstate 95 , just south of interstate 278 and north of conocophillips ' linden terminal facility which is part of its bayway refinery complex .
one brother became a police officer , and the other worked for a sugar refinery , but gene had other inclinations early on .
he immediately joined a congress of industrial organizations union organizing drive at the refinery .
premcor ( formerly nyse symbol pco ) was a fortune 500 oil refinery group based in greenwich , connecticut .
this occurred at the beginning of the attack on the lago oil & transport co. ltd. refinery in aruba .
at a site of an oil - well fire , taft is told by his friend and rig - foreman hugh palmer ( richard hamilton ) that aegis oil , his employer , is deliberately using faulty preventers on a new refinery in alaska and is covering up the fact .
following the government 's acquisition of the burmah - shell , name of the refinery was changed to bharat refineries limited on 1976 .
qp operates qatar ’s oil pipeline network , which transports supplies from oil fields to the country ’s lone refinery and export terminals .
the study reported that in the early 1900s standard oil of new york operated a major refinery in the area where the spill is located .
qyuarrah refinery was built within about an hour 's drive from the city and was used to process oil for road - building projects .
after initial resistance by the government to mine , in 1964 nabalco , the former owner of the mine and refinery , was set up and granted a lease with a commitment build a township , port facility and mine .
the nikolaev alumina refinery in ukraine became the first production facility in the industry designed to use high - quality imported materials .
the smelter is slated to start production in 2013 while the refinery would come online in 2014 .
the facility uses hydrogen addition to convert the bitumen from shell 's muskeg river mine in the athabasca oil sands into refinery - ready sweet , light crude oil .
on january 19 , scenes featuring damon were shot at the california and hawaiian sugar company refinery in crockett , california , which represents a flour mill on screen .
when tigh questions caprica six , she informs him that the cylons had found a way to track the fleet 's refinery ship .
the area surrounding uriamghat produces crude oil , which , partly feeds the numaligarh oil refinery .
dissatisfied with the speed of dupont 's production using their " bromide process " , gm and standard oil created the ethyl gasoline corporation in 1924 , and built a new tel plant using a more dangerous high - temperature " ethyl chloride process " at the bayway refinery in new jersey .
the refinery was commissioned on 14 july 1999 with an installed capacity of .
in 1799 , william frederick havemeyer , who had been an apprentice of a london sugar refiner , began running mr. seaman 's refinery in new york city .
today the city has seen a massive growth with the oil refinery in the east .
today , maiden wells is a quiet , sleepy village located on the main arterial route to the texaco oil refinery nearby .
petropar operates the country ’s sole refinery , the 7,500 bbl / d villa elisa facility .
punto fijo was founded in the early 1940s , on the outskirts of two refinery operations established by standard oil and shell during the 1940s .
after operatives of the zionist paramilitary , the irgun , threw a number of grenades at a crowd of 100 arab day labourers who had gathered outside the main gate of the british - owned haifa oil refinery looking for work , 6 people were killed and 42 wounded .
charlie 's bar , in operation since 1941 , once had a colorful reputation as a hangout for rowdy sailors and oil refinery workers .
ireland 's only oil refinery and oil storage facility is still located at whitegate .
earlier they had saturated the structure with crude oil from a columbia refinery .
little aden became the site of the oil refinery and tanker port .
the refinery was closed on 27 august 1982 , and work was transferred to other bp locations .
occidental ( oxy ) said by the end of 2007 or the beginning of 2008 they will finish their feasibility study regarding the possibility of building a petroleum refinery in puerto armuelles .
within a few years , he turned his savings into sizeable investments and in 1912 he gained majority control of st. lawrence sugar , a company founded in 1879 to compete with montreal 's redpath sugar refinery .
when commissioned , the refinery had an initial installed capacity of 2 mmtpa ( million metric tonnes per annum ) and was designed to process crude from ankleshwar , kalol and nawagam oilfields of ongc in gujarat .
german submarines shelled a standard oil refinery on dutch - owned aruba on february 16 , 1942 , causing no damage .
by 2006 , the refinery had a capacity of 225,000 barrels a day and processed more crude oil than any other plant in the bay area and ranked among the major refineries in the u.s.
there were several missions flown during the month of august and each resulted in the virtual destruction of an important japanese petroleum refinery .
in 1922 , the umhk built its first refinery for uranium ore , and by 1926 had a virtual monopoly of the world uranium market ( holding most of the deposits known at the time ) , to be broken only by the german invasion of 1940 .
the electric reduction company of canada industries limited ( erco ) , phosphorus plant at long harbour and the come by chance oil refinery at come by chance were built partially because of the availability of cheap power .
as well edmonton 's refinery row is home to a petrochemical industry .
a typical large refinery processing 40,000 metric tonnes of crude oil per day ( 300,000 barrels per day ) circulates about 80,000 cubic metres of water per hour through its cooling tower system .
its open pit is the worlds largest at 4.3 km long , 3 km wide and over 850 m deep and its smelter and electrolytic refinery ( 855,000 tonnes p.a . )
al edah 's worked at a yemeni oil refinery .
in 1947 , the esb , needing ever more generation capacity , built the " north wall " station on a 7.5 acre ( 30,000 m² ) site in dublin 's industrial port area on the north side of the river liffey on the site of an old oil refinery .
since 1987 the refinery has reduced the impact of discharged process water by improving water treatment to reduce contaminants , including metals , by approximately 80 percent and reducing the amount of treated water discharged from 22 million gallons to 5.6 million gallons .
he was also concerned about the proposed refinery site , it 's suitability and its proximity to , the primary source of water for the region .
in the north - east , burning fuel depots and the grozny oil refinery and enveloping the capital in a cloud of smoke .
the reliance i & reliance ii are adjacent to each other and is the world 's largest refinery at a single site .
visitors can still see the ore cars dangling overhead which used to carry the ore to the refinery , farther down the hill .
in 1894 , the " saturn " society opened an oil refinery , which functioned for fifty years .
he soon established his kerosene refinery astral oil works in brooklyn , new york .
in 1907 , based on a university of pennsylvania letter , faustino piaggio owned the oil fields of zorritos and los organos , an oil refinery , several ships , a mayor trading company working between callao and genoa , finance holdings , mines , land holdings , and had a fortune worth about 24 million dollars .
the joint venture , known as the uno - ven company , was headquartered in arlington heights , illinois and primarily comprising employees from union oil 's then schaumburg , illinois , division headquarters and lemont , illinois , refinery .
messing and berthing was provided for refinery workers , oils spill response teams , longshoremen .
2008.08 awarded s - oil aromatics refinery plant
supporting the industry is a complex of several thousand miles of pipeline connecting 200 chemical plants , refinery , salt domes and fractionation plants along the texas gulf coast , which allows transfer of feedstocks , fuel and chemical products among plants , storage terminals and transportation facilities .
with its nominal processing capacity of 7 million tonnes / year , petrobrazi is the largest romanian refinery .
but most important to the railroad 's viability , ben fiedland ushered in an era of expansion to the railroad itself : freight service on the chester branch began december 21 , 1983 ; in 1986 , contracts were signed with morris county to maintain and operate the high bridge branch and the dover & rockaway branch , operation of the new hope & ivyland railroad for two years in 1989 - 1990 ; and in what might be considered friedland 's master stroke as president , the m&e became the contract in - plant switcher at the bayway refinery , infineum , and conoco philips , in linden , nj in 1995 .
in the mountain zone in proximity to the refinery is located the jicamarca radio observatory .
this is due in large part to the coal traffic from the railroads and the petroleum products produced by the marathon petroleum company oil refinery in nearby catlettsburg , kentucky that use the port of huntington / tri - state to load their products onto barges .
this proved to be a catalyst for further expansion of the refinery , under the muldoon national governments think big energy projects .
in this film , set less than five years after the first film , max , while wandering the wasteland of the outback , discovers a besieged group of people manning a remote oil drilling station and refinery .
- 2007~ , esfahan refinery upgrading project , iran , client : national iranian oil engineering & construction company
in all , the hurricane caused $ 550,000 in damage ( 1936 usd , $ 8 million 2006 usd ) , primarily to oil refinery property , though no deaths or injuries were reported .
alon group : consists of dor alon oil , israel ’s largest international energy group ; alon usa energy , inc. which operates the big spring refinery , 1,700 fina gas stations in several states , terminals , more than 1,850 miles of oil pipelines , asphalt factories and more than 170 7-eleven convenience stores .
talks resumed on 25 june , and an agreement was reached late that evening to end the industrial action , accepted at a mass meeting outside the refinery on the following monday .
bp has been charged with burning polluted gases at its ohio refinery ( for which it was fined $ 1.7 million ) , and in july 2000 bp paid a $ 10 million fine to the epa for its management of its us refineries .
as an example , on june 26 , 2006 , a 565-ton catalytic cracking unit reactor was shipped by barge from the tulsa port of catoosa in oklahoma to a refinery in pascagoula , mississippi .
on 7 february 2008 , an explosion -– possibly caused by static electricity igniting fine sugar dust that had become too dry -– at a port wentworth , georgia imperial sugar refinery killed 14 people and injured over 40 .
company town ” knows as lago colony which was east of the refinery .
in 1745 under the queen elisabeth of russia the first oil well and refinery were built in ukhta by fiodor priadunov .
major industries like mangalore refinery and petrochemicals ( mrpl ) and mangalore chemicals & fertilizers ( mcf ) operate their own captive power plants .
through its subsidiary taneko , tatneft is constructing the nizhnekamsk refinery and petrochemical complex , which it intends to commission in phases in 2009 and 2011 - 2012 .
in the mid-1840s , new bedford was the site of the first petroleum fuel refinery in the united states , as newly discovered pennsylvania crude oil was shipped to new bedford to be refined for lamp oil and other oil .
destroying a harvester , refinery , cyborg , tiberium spike , or other tiberium - containing unit or building can cause a small amount of tiberium to be released .
the present capacity of this refinery is 6.00 mmtpa .
curaçao was an ideal site for the refinery as it was away from the social and civil unrest of the south american mainland , but near enough to the maracaibo basin oil fields .
much of the city , including the oil refinery , was badly damaged or destroyed by the siege and by bombing .
two years later , in 1944 , he became member of the board of directors of ingenio tamazula ( a sugar refinery ) .
mrpl is planning to expand its refinery to 15 mmtpa from the existing nameplate capacity of 11.82 mmtpa .
there was also a minor oil spill originating from equipment at the refinery 's unoccupied and rarely used dock .
port colborne was a heavily industrial city throughout most of the 20th century , hosting a grain elevator , two modern flour mills , an inco nickel refinery , a cement plant operated by port colborne canada cement , and a blast furnace operated by algoma steel in addition to the ongoing ship repair and provisioning trade .
petrochemical plants and solvent manufacturing ( fine fractionating ) plants need spaces for further processing of a large volume of refinery products for further processing , or to mix chemical additives with a product at source rather than at blending terminals .
the refinery is currently owned and operated by conocophillips ( ) .
wells and john c. crosbie resigned from cabinet in 1968 over concerns about financing of the come by chance oil refinery project .
the neighbouring towns of east alton , wood river , and roxana house the third largest oil refinery in the united states .
vietnam ’s only operational refinery , a facility at cat hai near ho chi minh city , has a capacity of only .
mendoza 's main industries are , of course , wine production with 1,200 wineries turning out 1.1 billion liters in 2005 , followed by canned fruits , a large petroleum refinery ( in luján de cuyo ) , cement and others .
improvements in refinery techniques have generally reduced the reliance on the catalytically or thermally cracked stocks most susceptible to oxidation .
in 1980 , charter decided to buy commonwealth oil refining co. and their puerto rican refinery , which processed 160,000 bbl . per - day , for $ 650 million .
by 1876 , he was the manager of the small refinery of the california star oil works , which was capable of refining up to forty barrels of oil a day .
just three km from the port of limay , the arsenal is strategically situated near the petron bataan refinery , the bataan combined cycle power plant , the national power corporation plant , the petro - chemical complex , and the special economic zone at mariveles , bataan .
from about 1962 - 1966 kerr - mcgee processed uranium at its oil refinery site in cushing , oklahoma .
the oil is stored in giant on - board tanks and continuously off - loaded by a fleet of dedicated shuttle tankers which transport it to the shore - based oil refinery at come - by - chance , newfoundland .
construction cost £ 18million and the refinery had the capacity to process 4.5million tons of crude oil a year .
in 1861 , it was the site of wamsutta oil refinery , the first business venture of henry huttleston rogers , who became a leading united states capitalist , businessman , industrialist , financier , and philanthropist .
the refinery is currently owned and operated by conocophillips .
petro - canada - montreal refinery ( 160 000 bpd ) .
industry : copiapó has mainly light industry , and some medium industry such as the inacesa plant and paipote copper refinery .
what used to be iran 's largest refinery at abadan was destroyed , never to fully recover .
the acres were bought by the santa fe railroad upon completion and at the same time the pacific coast oil company ( later standard oil , today chevron ) acquired adjacent lands and built an oil refinery .
there is also a newly created partnership between moroccan and mauritanian companies for the distribution of fuel and the building of a refinery .
residential areas were cluster bombed several times while its oil refinery was bombarded daily , causing severe pollution and widespread ecological damage .
on august 1 , 1943 , one hundred and seventy - seven b-24 liberators with 1,726 crew members took off from libya with the destination of the ploesti refinery complex in romania , which was reported to be producing sixty percent of the gasoline and petroleum products used by the german war effort .
in 1924 , after several failed strike efforts and break - ups by the mexican army , a strike began in tampico against the refinery “
doran flew to baghdad on his jet fighter and bombed al - doura refinery in baghdad before carrying out a martyrdom attack on the venue of the international conference days before it was scheduled to open .
the group attacked such targets as an oil refinery at gelsenkirchen , a marshalling yard at osnabruck , a railroad viaduct at bielefeld , steel plants at brunswick , a tank factory at kassel , and gas works at berlin .
the first oil through this pipeline reached the refinery in august 2006 .
major industries have included a large flour mill , an insurance company headquarters , and an oil refinery .
initially the company tried to manage this risk though a hedging strategy based on crude and refined product derivatives contracts , but when this proved to be unsuccessful company planners began to investigate the sale of the houston refinery .
during the oil campaign of world war ii , the szöny oil refinery was a strategic bombing target .
the refinery occupies nearly near the river mersey and dates back to 1924 , when a small bitumen plant was established .
in 1970 , the site was sold to an oil company and turned into a refinery , which remains there to this day .
by 1868 , with rockefeller continuing to borrow heavily and reinvest most of the profits while controlling cost and utilizing his refineries ' waste , the company owned two cleveland refineries and a marketing subsidiary in new york , and it was the largest oil refinery in the world .
the richmond refinery currently employees more than 1,200 people .
montreal east refinery ( shell canada ) .
important industries are sugar refinery , cigarette manufacture and fish - breeding .
the refinery sees seventy percent of the western world 's gold passing through it .
the south contains beach , the west is bounded by the corinth refinery with the kalamaki hills and mountains dominating the northern part , and the attica boundary with kineta ( kinetta ) to its east .
a catalytic reformer unit ( cru ) was also added to the refinery in 1997 for production of unleaded motor spirit .
east of the refinery is a modern bridge ( qanoon or tahadi rail bridge ) supporting a rail crossing of the euphrates .
a large stockpile of oil at the facility ( mainly due to a valero refinery shutdown ) has caused prices to be artificially depressed at the cushing pricing point .
the refinery in lévis produces 265,000 barrels ( or 41.5 million litres ) per day .
the first platforming unit was built in 1949 at the refinery of the old dutch refining company in muskegon , michigan .
among his larger real estate transactions were the sale of properties for the standard oil ( now chevron ) refinery at what became el segundo and the army 's fort macarthur at san pedro .
a pipeline runs under southampton water from the fawley oil refinery which supplies the bp fuel terminal at hamble .
this can be accomplished in a refinery in a one - step process .
khalifa coastal refinery will refine 200,000 biritish barrels of heavy crude oil .
he then moved to montana and created the hart refinery in hedgesville .
the fuel supply from the refinery meets requirements for the sarir agricultural project as well as for the general area .
in 1954 the refinery was connected to the finnart ocean terminal at loch long on the west coast of scotland by a 58-mile pipeline , to allow the import of crudes via deep - water jetty , which supported the use of larger oil tankers .
in the systems and equipment business , the company design , engineer , manufacture , sell and service a range of systems and equipment for the power , oil & gas , refinery , petrochemical and process industries .
major contracts include the trans - alaska pipeline system completed in 1977 , the $ 3.8bn whiting refinery modernization contract for bp due to be completed in 2011 and the eastern span replacement of the san francisco – oakland bay bridge due to be completed in 2013 .
dumas was responsible for extensive land development in the district governed by the albany zone development committee , and negotiated the establishment of an oil refinery , steel rolling mill and cement works at kwinana .
later that day the arab crowd broke into the refinery compound , killing 39 jews .
three years later , in 1936 , socony - vacuum converted an older thermal cracking unit in their paulsboro refinery in new jersey to a small demonstration unit using the houdry process to catalytically crack 2,000 barrels per day ( 318,000 litres per day ) of petroleum oil .
a refinery explosion takes the life of uncle bob .
the safety of this refinery was a clear priority for the government of aden .
being 8 km long and 1.3 km wide at maximum , as well as having an area of 38.84 km² , it was a brackish natural lake until 1963 , when it was turned into a reservoir with the construction of a dam to secure fresh water for the large neftochim burgas oil refinery .
one of the route alternatives involved connecting the kirikkale refinery ; however , this option was rejected .
the heath and harbour are home to britain 's largest onshore oil field , and bp 's wytch farm refinery is hidden amongst a pine forest to the west of the heath .
the refinery cost us$ 3 billion , up from $ 2.5 billion previously and more than double an original cost estimate of about $ 1.4 billion in 1994 .
in the 1980s the eldonian village housing estate was built for the community which was disrupted by the building of the mersey tunnel and the demolition of the tate and lyle sugar refinery .
this refinery was eventually abandoned and has now been converted into a museum .
it is now part of texaco 's angle bay refinery .
a second enterprise , cobalt refinery co. inc. , was created in alberta for nickel refining .
petromidia refinery .
the water from this lake is piped around the oquirrh mountain range ( east of stansbury park ) to the kennecott company 's copper mine refinery operation .
they both were demolished in 1906 by the standard oil company , which owned the land and were expanding their refinery .
alcoa have operated an alumina refinery in wagerup since 1984 .
located south of perth , the heavy industrial area of kwinana has the nation 's largest oil refinery which produces petrol and diesel for local consumption , along with iron , alumina , and nickel processing plants , port facilities for grain exports , and support industries for mining and petroleum such as heavy and light engineering , and metal fabrication .
the first api separator was installed in 1933 at the atlantic refining company ( arco ) refinery in philadelphia .
the pirdop copper smelter and refinery is the biggest in the balkans and whole of south - eastern europe .
many falkirk residents are also employed within the petrochemicals sector based in the neighbouring town of grangemouth where there is an agglomeration of such industries underpinned by the ineos ( formerly bp ) oil refinery located there .
a small - scale local refinery distilled the heavy goo into usable products .
she was commissioned on september 4 , 1941 under the command of " kapitänleutnant " werner hartenstein ( knight 's cross ) and took part in five patrols which included the attack on shipping and the refinery on the island of aruba , as well as the sinking of the ocean liner west of africa and torpedoing and damaging the american destroyer .
