based at norfolk , virginia , the " vermilion " was assigned to the atlantic fleet and spent over a year in shakedown and refresher training .
on 8 may 1931 , she departed for a refresher training cruise to guantanamo bay , cuba , and then returned .
she returned to mayport on 19 july and began preparations for refresher training and inspections in the caribbean which were completed in early october .
on november 7 , she began a month of post overhaul refresher training out of guantánamo bay , cuba .
soon after arriving , hanjour and al - hazmi left for mesa , arizona , where hanjour began refresher training at arizona aviation .
. constructed as a submarine rescue ship , she served at pearl harbor and at midway for more than a year , making escort runs and conducting refresher training for patrol - bound submarines .
the ship completed overhaul and set sail from boston on 18 november , bound for refresher training in the guantanamo bay operating area .
upon completion of that deployment , the ship returned home and conducted refresher training out of san diego .
charlie brown decides to send snoopy back to the daisy hill puppy farm for a refresher course in obedience training .
she reentered newport on 25 april but remained there less than two weeks , departing again on 7 may. she reached guantanamo bay , cuba , four days later and began six weeks of refresher training .
she resumed normal operations in september , conducting refresher training in the local operating area between the 6th and the 25th .
at age 81 she " looped the loop " in a 2-seater de havilland chipmunk , after a brief refresher course in flying .
after serving as school ship for the fleet sound school at key west , florida , from 24 june to 13 august 1944 , " earl k. olsen " sailed to casco bay , maine , for refresher training before reporting to boston , massachusetts , on 24 august , for convoy duty .
in january 1957 cfs expanded its instructional role with the inclusion of a ‘ b ' flight to conduct flying refresher and assessing tasks .
the ship spent just over three weeks at the norfolk naval shipyard before getting underway on 15 april for post - overhaul refresher training in the vicinity of newport , rhode island .
gillespie " sailed 14 october 1944 for overhaul at bremerton , washington , mooring there 5 november , and after refresher training , sailed from san diego 3 january 1945 .
" tattnall " tested the performance of her missile systems at roosevelt roads , puerto rico then sailed to guantanamo bay for refresher training ( 8 october-10 november ) .
to ensure users fully utilize the system , mc4 support personnel overseas provide onsite support and refresher trainings .
after a three - month overhaul , the destroyer returned to the guantanamo region for further refresher training .
on 11 april 1985 , while on refresher training with its air wing in the guantanamo bay area , the " coral sea " collided with the ecuadorian tanker ship " napo " and subsequently underwent two months of repairs at norfolk naval shipyard in portsmouth , va
on the 1st of july , the frigate commenced six weeks of refresher training .
overhaul at mare island from june through october 1956 was followed by refresher training in the san diego area .
during their time in reserve , the reservists are liable to participate in military refresher exercises for a maximum of 40 , 75 or 100 days , depending on their military rank .
the destroyer held refresher training during the first three months of 1959 , departed long beach on 28 march , and steamed to yokosuka .
world of outlaws star steve kinser passed the final phase of his rookie test , and jeff ward completed a refresher test .
in july , the ship underwent refresher training until a problem with the emergency diesel generator forced her to return to san diego for another overhaul on the 27th .
on 19 november , the destroyer departed for refresher training at guantanamo , returning on 14 december to spend the holiday season at norfolk .
" zellars " conducted refresher training out of san diego in september , transited the panama canal on 8 october , and entered the new york naval shipyard on the 16th .
from 20 august to 28 october 1953 , " waxwing " underwent an overhaul at the mare island naval shipyard followed by refresher training , type training , and independent ship exercises until 10 february 1954 .
from boston , she sailed to guantanamo bay for refresher training ; then , to charleston for another six months of weapons and sonar modifications .
ap courses are usually taken during the second , third , or fourth years of high school , either as a replacement for a typical third - year course ( e.g. taking ap english iii as a replacement for honors english iii ) , a refresher of an earlier course ( e.g. taking ap environmental science in the fourth year after taking ecology as a sophomore ) , or simply as a way to study something interesting during senior year ( e.g. ap european history ) .
all new australian submariners are required to undertake escape training and qualified submariners must pass a refresher course every three years .
ten days later , she entered the mare island naval shipyard for an overhaul and returned to her home port on 31 july to begin two and one - half months of refresher training .
" washoe county " completed underway preparations at little creek on 20 february 1956 and , after a brief stop at morehead city , north carolina , sailed on 25 february 1956 for refresher training at guantanamo bay , cuba .
she remained there , undergoing repairs and alterations , until 28 april , after which time she headed south , ultimately conducting refresher training in guantanamo bay .
returning to norfolk on 23 october , she underwent a yard period through 4 april 1966 , and then steamed for refresher training at guantánamo bay .
firstly it is the daily refresher guide and secondly one has something to look forward to for doing .
the 16th day of august marked the end of refresher training and the beginning of a period of logistics and material pre - deployment preparations .
she left the shipyard on 13 december to travel to san diego for a week of refresher training .
as part of this refresher training , " morton " conducted numerous asw exercises against friendly submarines off hawaii and california .
for this reason , the museum often hosts seminars and higher education activities : lectures , refresher courses and museography and anthropology laboratories .
" warrington " returned to newport on 18 december 1964 and began almost two years of operations along the east coast -- primarily asw training evolutions -- as well as occasional cruises to the caribbean area for " springboard " operations , gunnery drills , and refresher training .
aubrey fitch " interrupted refresher training to conduct patrols in defense of the base at guantanamo bay against possible hostile action by cuba as a result of the conflict in grenada where americans found themselves fighting cuban " advisors " and " construction workers . "
although r.t.i.t.b. operators are registered on a database which has to be renewed a 3 yearly basis , the amount of time determined between refresher courses is subject to the h&s executive , insurance companies or company policies .
refresher courses in basic subjects such as maths and english were run first before vocational training began .
she conducted refresher aircraft landing operations off that island for two days , then sailed for pearl harbor on the 10th .
per refresher course day , the reservists receive a taxable salary of about fifty euro .
after overhaul and refresher training , the minesweeper was assigned to mine squadron 5 for duty and operated along the california coast until october 1952 .
she completed repairs in november and , after refresher training out of san diego , resumed normal operations out of her home port .
the following day , two submarines , an oiler , and a submarine tender rendezvoused with the first two ships ; and all six entered port at cienfuegos , cuba , on 14 may. the next day , " wainwright " returned to guantanamo bay to resume refresher training .
once the engineering work was completed , the division 's combat troops participated in several refresher - training courses .
following trials out of long beach , a voyage to acapulco , mexico , and refresher training out of san diego , " wichita " finally arrived in her new home port on 4 april .
another feature of the website is the so - called " refresher tool " that keeps track of users ' progress and tells them when they are due for review .
after seven weeks of continuous drills , " agerholm " successfully completed refresher training and qualified in ngfs at san clemente island .
refresher course .
following this " face lift " , " wiltsie " conducted refresher training and upkeep before becoming flagship of desdiv 72 , home - ported in san diego .
from 18 october to 5 november , the ship conducted underway training operations and refresher training .
after a month of independent ship 's exercises and holiday standdown , she commenced refresher training on 3 january 1966 .
the copyright claim related to a self - study course braun developed called " the source course " , which braun billed as " an analog of the avatar course " , " a refresher " for the avatar course , " a take - home manual " for graduates of the avatar course , and the " equivalent " of the avatar course materials .
these qualifications must be renewed after three years , and a refresher course is necessary .
when not deployed overseas , the oiler conducted east coast and west indian missions , including the annual " springboard " fleet exercise as well as type training , refresher training , and independent ship exercises .
" durant " sailed from boston , massachusetts 9 july 1945 and conducted refresher training at guantanamo bay , cuba , on her way to san diego , california where she arrived 7 august .
after refresher training ( reftra ) in guantanamo bay , cuba , the uss " simon lake " assumed duties tending submarines at the naval weapons station , goose creek , south carolina ( a short drive north of charleston ) .
the szru institute is responsible for initial training and refresher courses training of foreign intelligence officers .
the uranquinty base continued to provide refresher courses for qualified pilots and even briefly became a migrant centre in the late 1940s until it reopened as no 1 basic flying training school between 1951 and 1959 when it finally closed .
after their presence had dispelled the crisis , she returned to the united states for a three - month navy yard overhaul and subsequent refresher training in guantanamo bay , cuba .
goa university 's academic staff college , supported by the indian university grants commission conducts refresher and orientation courses for college and university teachers .
after missile qualifications and refresher training , she steamed 14 august for her second westpac deployment .
on 27 may , the destroyer returned to the naval base , then set course for guantanamo and underwent refresher training through 18 july .
besides this training institute has successfully completed lower intermediate and upper class promotion courses in addition to a number of capacity building short courses like orientation for deputationists , refresher courses for the cpos / admin officers , moharrars , weapon handling , record keeping etc .
after refresher training in the caribbean , she rejoined the atlantic fleet at norfolk .
on 19 november , the destroyer departed for refresher training at guantanamo , returning on 14 december to spend the holiday season at norfolk .
the state and divisional police forces have their own training centers for refresher courses and junior leader ( nco ) courses .
she returned to her home port on 11 august and spent the remainder of the year operating out of boston with visits to guantanamo bay , cuba , for refresher training and exercises conducted in the virginia capes operating areas and the caribbean operating areas .
following repairs at new york and refresher training in cuba , the destroyer transited the panama canal , arriving pearl harbor on 28 august via san diego , california .
the squadron trains newly commissioned naval aviators , conversion pilots , refresher pilots , and enlisted aircrew on the ah-1w supercobra , the uh-1n twin huey , as well as transition to the newer ah-1z viper and uh-1y venom variants .
refresher : the counter machine model .
two weeks later she sailed in the escort of another convoy , but had to break off and return to earle , new jersey , for repairs , followed by refresher training in casco bay .
prior to a june deployment , saginaw underwent an operational propulsion plant examination , amphibious refresher training , and participated in operation solid shield 85 .
refresher training and upkeep lasted until late in march 1971 .
in july 1959 " galveston " conducted shakedown and acceptance trials in the virginia capes area , followed by a refresher training cruise to waters off cuba and the testing of her radar and communications in war games with the u.s. air force .
repairs were completed on 10 may , and the ship began refresher training in june .
refresher training in the west indies followed qualification preparations early in september .
" swasey " returned to norfolk on 11 october and sailed for bermuda three days later for refresher training .
philadelphia underwent overhaul at the philadelphia navy yard and then refresher training in the west indies , returning to norfolk , virginia on 4 june 1945 .
the department has also conducted refresher / condensed courses in chemical engineering for many organizations around baroda .
overhaul completed , she conducted refresher training and other exercises until 17 june 1957 , when she sailed once more for the far east .
after a brief operation in the north atlantic , " lester " overhauled at boston from september to 20 november , then cruised to guantanamo bay for refresher training .
at the conclusion of refresher training , " aucilla " voyaged north to new york where her crew members visited the world 's fair .
on 5 march , she sailed for san diego for refresher training .
on 12 january 1974 , " blakely " departed charleston for refresher training in the west indies .
" austin " resumed refresher training on 19 february and concluded it 1 march .
following refresher training in the caribbean sea , she took part in training exercises from newport , rhode island .
following refresher training at san diego , she was assigned to destroyer squadron 29 on 1 february 1968 .
on the 24th , she sailed for guantanamo bay where she held refresher training , gunnery practice , and participated in group exercises .
after post - overhaul refresher training at guantanamo bay , cuba , the ship headed for panama in mid - april .
on arriving at pearl harbor , the ship commenced a yard period , which was followed by a period of refresher training .
after refresher training , " mustin " sailed for occupation duty in japan , arriving ominato , honshū on 16 september .
in march 1989 , " carr " was sent to fleet training group , guantanamo bay , cuba , for refresher training ( reftra ) .
all magistrates receive the equivalent of three days training ( 18 hours ) , which covers basic law and procedure , before sitting , and continue to receive training throughout their service , which is mostly made up of annual ' refresher courses . '
shifted back to new london , " tullibee " deployed to the caribbean sea in january 1969 following refresher training and continued developmental work during 1969 and 1970 .
in contrast to the refresher exercise of the finnish defence forces , the military courses of the association may be participated not only by military reservists but also by non - reservist men and women .
following refresher training in september and amphibious training in october , she stood out of san diego on 1 november to return to the far east .
after repairs and refresher training , " gatling " escorted and to eniwetok , bombarding wake island en route .
in early 1967 , she entered drydock at the todd shipyard in san pedro , calif. , for her third major overhaul which , with the ensuing series of refresher training exercises , accounted for most of the year .
she had a restricted availability period at the todd shipyard , san pedro , from 21 november 1971 until 7 january 1972 when she returned to sea for refresher training .
upon completion of overhaul and refresher training " buchanan " returned to the pacific and served with the transport screen during the assault and capture of the southern palaus ( 6 september-14 october 1944 ) .
the training and specialities operative team features the instructors of the training and refresher courses .
refresher training was completed on 22 april 1966 and " larson " immediately began a hukaswex ( hunter killer anti - submarine exercise ) with aswgru ( anti - submarine group ) five .
following refresher training , underway replenishment , and towing exercises with , " ajax " returned to sasebo on 17 december .
" sanctuary " remained in hunter 's point naval shipyard until late january 1973 , when she put to sea for two weeks of refresher training .
very frequent training and refresher training is required .
she spent one month in upkeep , then sailed to her new home port , pearl harbor , hawaii , and spent the rest of the year in overhaul and refresher training .
it ’s been a long time coming and i am hopeful that my fans will ride with me as i give them a refresher course on tekitha . "
after the war , he was sent to france to bring back captured german machines and joined no 24 squadron where he gave refresher course to repatriated prisoners - of - war .
after completion of the overhaul and refresher training , " noxubee " again deployed for the mediterranean .
in december 1969 , " betelgeuse " went through refresher training at guantanamo bay , cuba .
her yard work completed by 4 august , she was undergoing refresher training at casco bay when japan surrendered 14 august .
returning to charleston on 3 january 1963 , for refresher training during which she searched for the hijacked venezuelan ship " anzoategui " , the destroyer then served for two weeks as school ship for the fleet sonar school .
unlike the baltic countries , the finns started a gradual mobilization under the guise of " additional refresher training " .
she completed the restricted availability on 28 november and spent the remainder of the year preparing for refresher training .
on 10 november , " beale " put to sea for guantanamo bay , cuba , and a month of post - overhaul refresher training .
it is a restless 43 year - old wife and mother who gains relief from household demands through the study of ceramics or comparative literature or who takes refresher courses in nursing techniques in anticipation of her re - entry into nursing .
following her return to san diego on 2 september , the dock landing ship completed the remainder of her refresher and amphibious training and prepared for her westpac deployment date of 31 october 1967 .
on 2 july , " alamo " sailed to seal beach to take on ammunition and , on 14 july , began amphibious refresher training off san diego .
" sylvania " , sailed to guantanamo bay and held refresher training from 6–16 march and then paid a three - day visit to cape kennedy before returning to her home port on 23 march .
during the ensuing four months , " biddle " conducted post - overhaul tests , drills , and refresher training along the east coast and in the west indies .
she sailed to guantánamo bay on 22 march and , after refresher training , returned to norfolk 24 april .
when v - e day came , cortdiv 22 was ordered to the pacific ; and " harveson " reached pearl harbor via the panama canal and san diego , california , 11 july to begin refresher training .
on 19 november , the destroyer departed for refresher training at guantanamo , returning on 14 december to spend the holiday season at norfolk .
on 7 september , she arrived at guantanamo for refresher training .
she conducted voyage repairs at pearl harbor and then underwent refresher training near maui until 11 may when she left hawaii with a convoy bound for san francisco , where she arrived on 18 may. two days later , she sailed for aberdeen , washington , where she loaded cargo bound for hawaii .
since its reactivation , the windwalkers have continued to carry out their assigned mission of training first tour , refresher , conversion , and transition aviators for the ch-53d helicopter community .
following refresher training in the west indies , the warship reported for duty with the atlantic fleet as an element of destroyer division 182 ( desdiv 182 ) based at newport , rhode island
on 17 september , the ship arrived at guantanamo for refresher training which lasted through 20 november .
after overhaul at seattle , washington , " stockton " completed refresher training at pearl harbor on 24 january 1945 .
the guided - missile cruiser completed refresher training on 6 april and reentered hampton roads on the 14th .
" acme " held refresher training from 3 to 19 january 1968 .
that fall , the warship conducted refresher training and then returned to norfolk to prepare for her upcoming mediterranean deployment .
following that , she conducted refresher training out of guantanamo bay , cuba , for six weeks .
the obligation for refresher training ends at the age of 60 .
the following month brought an availability , refresher training , and time spent in training prospective crews for destroyer - type warships .
on 7 september , she arrived at guantanamo for refresher training .
following overhaul , she conducted refresher training in preparation for another deployment to the western pacific .
( for example , later in the movie , harry decides to give ray a refresher course .
in august and september , the guided - missile destroyer concentrated on refresher training and , in early october , she participated in underway training while in transit to san francisco for " fleet week ' 91 . "
refresher training followed and , in june she resumed her previous schedule with an extended cruise in the western pacific .
in april , she began a three - week period of refresher training at san diego .
she held refresher training at guantanamo bay in july and august and then conducted exercises out of newport , rhode island , from september 1951 to march 1952 .
after 10 weeks of refresher training and asw exercises , she began preparations early in august for another deployment to the western pacific .
while holding refresher training off guantánamo bay on 29 november , she rescued two survivors of a plane crash .
work was completed 4½ months later , and " robison " returned to her homeport of san diego 27 february 1970 , ready for refresher training and yet another westpac deployment .
after finishing refresher training in march 1977 , she commenced operations as a unit of the second fleet followed by a sixth fleet deployment from november 1977 until july 1978 .
it is illegal to fire an employee due to military service or due to a refresher exercise or activation .
for the remainder of 1951 , the destroyer underwent repairs at the philadelphia naval shipyard followed by refresher training out of guantanamo bay , cuba .
alan sepinwall of " the star ledger " gave the episode a positive review and praised it for featuring the character of bobby bacala in a more prominent role , writing " the hour was largely a refresher course on tony , janice and their history , but it also gave bacala the dignity he 's so often been deprived by the writers . "
the curriculum at nfas includes a mathematics refresher course , basic electronics theory , analog electronics theory ( efunds ) , digital electronics theory , and instrumentation and control equipment ( i&ce ) theory and maintenance .
this training for refresher students is required only for pilots , navigators , flight surgeons , aerospace physiologists , flight engineers , boom operators , loadmasters , and aerial gunners .
completing overhaul on 7 april 1978 , " talbot " spent the balance of the year in refresher training and participating in fleet exercises off the east coast and in the caribbean .
" bold " completed repairs early in february 1962 and devoted the rest of the month and most of march to refresher training .
members of the united states armed forces are exposed to cs during initial training , and during training refresher courses or equipment maintenance exercises , using cs tablets that are melted on a hotplate .
the destroyer completed that yard period on 7 july and conducted refresher training in the vicinity of guantanamo bay from late july to mid - september , when she resumed duty out of norfolk .
it was formerly used by gypsies as a foot refresher ; modern herbalists use its purgative properties .
ultimately liberated after the war in the far east ended in august 1945 , antrim returned to the united states and enjoyed rehabilitation leave before attending the repatriated pow refresher course at the washington navy yard , washington , d.c. in may 1946 .
meanwhile , " edisto " , which had just completed refresher training in narragansett bay , was summoned to join in assisting " whitewood " out of her predicament .
after a brief yard period and some intensive refresher training at pearl harbor the squadron reached the western pacific in april 1966 .
emerging from the yard in august with a new helicopter flight deck and a side - scanning sqs-26 sonar to improve her submarine detection capabilities , she spent the rest of the year conducting refresher training and local operations designed to test her newly installed equipment .
upon completion of her regular overhaul at pearl harbor , " tombigbee " conducted regular refresher training before departing pearl on 21 february 1966 for passage to subic bay , where she made port on 12 march .
departing yokosuka on 6 january 1989 , " towers " sailed south for refresher training out of subic bay . engineering trouble hampered these evolutions , however , and the guided missile destroyer put in to the ship repair facility ( srf ) there for repairs in late january .
in cruises along the u.s. west coast over weekends and in more extended periods , active reservists manned her in refresher training .
refresher training in maine .
overhauled at the charleston naval shipyard between february and may 1959 , " yazoo " conducted refresher training and then took part in exercise clear sweep iv off charleston .
upon completion of a major overhaul at the new york naval shipyard , " wisconsin " headed south for refresher training in the caribbean sea , later taking part in another springboard exercise .
in june , the ship commenced a three - month overhaul at the boston naval shipyard , followed by refresher training at guantanamo bay , cuba .
the overview course can work both as an introduction to hcup data and tools and a refresher for established users .
in july , the submarine went to sea for refresher training .
following post - overhaul refresher training , " tringa " resumed her normal duty out of new london .
she got underway again on 6 april for a dependents ' cruise and , 10 days later , proceeded to puerto rico for refresher training .
technicians must attend annual oec refresher courses in order to maintain their certification .
following refresher training , " ranger " departed alameda on 10 december 1965 to rejoin the 7th fleet .
she spent the next four and one - half months in training exercises , refresher training , and availability .
later in the year , she underwent overhaul and took part in refresher training out of guantanamo bay .
emerging from the yard on 13 may for sea trials off the virginia capes , " america " remained at norfolk until 28 may , when she sailed to conduct refresher training .
in october 1990 , the squadron got in a quick at sea period for some carrier refresher .
following refresher training in january 1962 , " belle grove " sailed for another pacific deployment on 15 february .
by january 1957 , however , the crisis subsided , and the ship moved north to staten island , new york for an overhaul , followed by a month of refresher training in april .
after refresher training in the caribbean , she served on escort and patrol duty in the atlantic through the summer of 1962 .
two of the prototypes were converted into two - seaters designated cr.30b for use as refresher trainers and liaison aircraft .
the destroyer held refresher training in the san diego area and , in january 1946 , sailed for the east coast .
she emerged revitalized on 14 may and put to sea to conduct refresher training in the guantanamo bay , cuba , operating area .
on returning to the united states fuller attended a refresher course at fort sill before being posted to command the artillery of the 3rd infantry division at fort lewis .
after repairs at new york and refresher training at guantanamo bay , she cleared new york 28 april to patrol during the first historic transatlantic seaplane flight , made by navy craft , then made visits to the azores , gibraltar , malta , and constantinople before returning to new york 5 june .
another possibility is that the name might have been derived from the south african term for a monitor lizard leguaan , as the cape of good hope was a popular refresher stop for immigrant ships to australia from britain .
the squadron also provides rotary - wing training and designation to selected members of various allied nations , refresher and transition training to fleet aviators , and indoctrination flights for mid - shipmen , and flight surgeons .
underway refresher training from 17 october to 24 november molded the ship into a more effective fighting unit .
completing her overhaul by early september 1945 , the ship conducted refresher training exercises into the autumn and winter .
on 19 november , the destroyer departed for refresher training at guantanamo , returning on 14 december to spend the holiday season at norfolk .
" tambor " returned to pearl harbor on 15 december 1943 and held refresher training during the remainder of the month .
one home , the destroyer underwent a quick turnaround , with a yard period and refresher training preparing the warship for another deployment starting on 6 november .
" america " departed norfolk naval shipyard on 16 october 1975 for local operations off the virginia capes and , after a few weeks alongside her familiar berth , pier 12 , nob , norfolk , departed hampton roads for cuban waters and refresher training .
these volunteers still report to drill instructor school , but are referred to as course challengers , and are only required to complete a short refresher course .
after refresher training , she got underway for a good will tour of various ports in the caribbean and along the west coast of africa from freetown , sierra leone , to cape town , republic of south africa .
with this fleet rehabilitation and modernization overhaul ( fram ) completed the ship returned to the caribbean for refresher training before resuming tender duties at charleston .
refresher training at guantánamo bay in late january 1969 was followed by two weeks of amphibious warfare training in the virginia capes area .
" balao " deployed to guantanamo bay naval base four times in the next year , spending one month each time training surface ships in “ refresher training . ” the submarine departed key west on 19 july 1958 for an overhaul at the charleston naval shipyard .
finally , on 1 october , she began refresher training and departed on a westpac tour 22 october .
in january 1946 , he began a period of retraining , beginning with refresher aviation training at the naval air station in pensacola , florida .
after refresher training ( during which there were two fires , resulting in two deaths ) , the warship operated in puget sound for technical evaluation of her new sonar system and then returned south , down the coast , to work with submarines in the southern california operating area .
typically , the training is only a refresher of what the cadets should have already learned at their individual schools , and is meant to act as a leveler as all the cadets come from different backgrounds .
for the next month , she completed refresher training and preparations for overseas movement .
on 11 december 1953 " ronquil " returned to san diego for a year of overhaul , refresher training , naval reserve training , and fleet exercises .
upon completion of refresher training , the oiler joined an underway replenishment group to support the amphibious exercise " phiblex 1 - 62 , " also conducted in the west indies .
the following sixteen months were spent preparing for her next overseas deployment , with the warship 's time split between local training operations , a series of overhaul periods at long beach ( where she received new propeller blades , weapons , and electronics ) , and various propulsion plant inspections and pre - deployment refresher exercises .
on 27 july , after refresher training off san diego , she departed for the pearl harbor .
" buchanan " was recommissioned 11 december 1948 at charleston and underwent shakedown and refresher training with a nucleus turkish crew aboard .
she then conducted refresher training and air defense patrol off the coast of california .
a review in " publishers weekly " described the book as a " droll and acerbic refresher course on the issues confronting the 21st - century united states " .
following an exhaustive checkout of her newly acquired systems and a period of refresher training , she deployed in july for her third mediterranean tour .
in july 2001 771 squadron assumed the responsibility for advanced and operational flying training for anti - submarine warfare ( asw ) pilots and observers , as well as the residual sea king has.5 & has.6 pilot conversion and refresher courses .
in may 1945 , " roche " was ordered to the pacific fleet and on 9 june she was underway for guantanamo bay for refresher training .
the year 1977 began with three months of refresher training for the ship .
on 3 july , the ship set course for san diego , california , and 10 days of refresher training before returning to pearl harbor on 21 july .
with the overhaul completed as scheduled on 6 august 1976 , " tattnall " returned to mayport on the 12th in advance of post - overhaul refresher training .
since ( see divisibility rule for a refresher ) 2135 is not divisible by 2 , it is not divisible by 4 ; since 2 + 1 + 3 + 5 = 3 + 8 = 11 and it is not divisible by 3 , it is not divisible by 15 .
it was dropped from that timeslot after a while - only to continue in the 3:45 slot on tuesday afternoons ( a brief narrated refresher course was provided ) and carried on in that slot until the final episode .
she sailed south to guantanamo bay , cuba , whence she completed her post - overhaul refresher training .
in october 1964 , after refresher training out of new london , connecticut , the submarine returned to norfolk to resume normal duties as a unit of subron 6 , providing asw services to units of the second fleet .
many well - known fighter pilots who had fought with the " luftwaffe " in world war ii joined the new post - war air force and underwent refresher training in the u.s. before returning to west germany to upgrade on the latest u.s .- supplied hardware .
refresher .
" simon bolivar " departed newport news on 12 may 1972 for post - overhaul shakedown operations and refresher training for her two crews , which lasted until 16 september 1972 .
these included refresher training , escort services with " midway " , and participation in exercise " tae kwon do ix " with elements of the south korean navy .
as part of her final post - overhaul refresher training , " benjamin stoddert " stood out of pearl harbor on 13 january 1969 for local operations with " enterprise " ( cvan-65 ) and " rogers " ( dd-876 ) .
the refresher is said to be so cooling that it can give you a cold , so a pinch of black pepper is added .
it is illegal to fire an employee due to military service or due to a refresher exercise or activation .
taught refresher courses for the dutch ministry of education in late 1960s .
she departed charleston on 5 january 1959 and conducted five weeks of refresher training out of guantanamo bay , cuba , after which she returned to key west and further experimental work .
returning to newport on 27 july 1965 from refresher training out of guantanamo bay and a week of providing services to the fleet sonar school at key west , " william r. rush " embarked 25 nrotc midshipmen for three weeks at sea with royal canadian navy units on exercise " canus ( canadian and united states ) silex 1 - 65 . "
" sarsfield " spent the remainder of the month engaged in refresher training out of guantanamo bay , cuba .
roger " localroger " williams attempted a summary of adequacy 's general modus operandi in a mildly controversial kuro5hin article , the adequacy - style troll : a brief refresher .
on 7 september , she arrived at guantanamo for refresher training .
the league states its functions and objectives to be the following : advocating the application of the rules of the shariah either by individuals , groups , or states ; coordinating the efforts of islamic preachers the world over ; developing methods for the propagation of islam in accord with the dictate of the qur'an and the sunnah ; upgrading the productivity of the mass - media as well as islamic propaganda , education and culture ; holding symposia , rehabilitation , and refresher courses ; bringing intellectuals and opinion leaders together during the pilgrimage season with the aim of fostering closer relations among them and urging them to develop practical methods of raising the standard of muslims in the world ; overseeing the activities of the fiqh council and lending it the support it needs to find islamic solutions to contemporary problems ; promoting activities that aim at spreading the arabic language and raising the standard of teaching to both arabs and non - arabs ; setting up branch offices as well as islamic centers to serve the purpose of islam ; extending urgent relief to muslims affected by war and natural disasters ; and making the activities and construction of mosques more effective .
over the last few years , annual state branch refresher weekends have been held , with the majority of them in north queensland .
the destroyer escort spent the next few weeks at casco bay , maine in refresher training .
, she conducted refresher training and then resumed her normal schedule of operations in the hawaiian islands .
after two weeks of refresher training at guantanamo bay , she returned to norfolk for another two - month availability period .
some 19 years after her departure , she attended a refresher course for nurses which involved her sleeping overnight in a convent .
he was killed only two months later on the point of completing his refresher course .
" america " subsequently conducted refresher training out of guantanamo bay early in november , before she called at ft .
during the first two months of 1967 , " wedderburn " conducted extensive refresher training exercises and , during march and early april , made preparations for overseas movement .
following an overhaul at long beach in early 1953 , lewis carried out refresher training and local operations out of san diego through mid - june .
refresher training and minesweeping drills took up the balance of may and most of june .
between 10 april and 27 june , the warship voyaged to the west indies to conduct gunnery drills at culebra island and refresher training out of guantanamo bay , cuba .
refresher training and naval gunfire support exercises engaged her until october , at which time she returned to charleston for a three - month restricted availability to correct problems in her main propulsion plant .
it remained in overhaul until february 1968 ; then , after refresher training off the west coast , departed for westpac 5 july .
in december 1952 general dougherty elected to leave the judge advocate general 's department for assignment to the strategic air command and attended both b-29 refresher and kc-97 stratotanker transition training .
