bogza refuted the allegation by indicating that his father was originally from the village of bogzeşti , in secuieni , neamţ county , and that his mother ( née georgescu ) was the daughter of a romanian transylvanian activist who had fled from austria - hungary to the kingdom of romania .
intelligent giving 's argument was refuted by john inverdale , a bbc broadcaster , in an opinion piece in the daily telegraph as " misguided reporting that fails to understand how fund - raising operates . "
at the conference , the taoist claim was officially declared refuted and kublai forcibly converted their 237 temples to buddhism and destroyed all copies of the fraudulent texts .
later , eogan approaches robby , whom he teaches to perceive paragor as the injured party of the great betrayal , only to have his statements refuted by aidan .
in the second one , he refuted the old custom of enlistment to the armed forces based on individuals coming only from particular sectors of society in favour of a truly professional military force formed by elements of all parts of society .
the explanations were easily refuted by official united states coast guard records and photographs , as well as the recovery of several bodies .
local historian dale cox quickly refuted the allegations of " mystery graves " almost as quickly as they surfaced .
although the dabo sisters sided with louis and scott , leon simply refuted the charges and " the new york times " did not much stock into louis ' statements .
eventually however , dart 's hypothesis was refuted because the bones lacked the microscopic abrasions that were recognized as characteristic for bone tools .
at the same time a congressional assessment was being made of the air division and a disparaging third party report , which lowe refuted in a lengthy response , gave pause to the union commanders for further use of balloons .
( the long - circulated story that he toured the united kingdom with the rolling stones in 1964 has since been refuted by keith richards ) .
richardson refuted carville 's account , arguing that he had not made any promises to remain neutral .
“ american officers have refuted the russian charge made early on that american nuclear attack submarine u.s.s. swordfish was the u.s. submarine involved — a charge based solely on the latter ’s reported arrival in the ship repair facility , yokosuka , japan , on march 17 , 1968 , with a badly damaged sail .
the national museum of slovenia argues that this evidence has " finally refuted hypotheses that the bone was perforated because of a bear bite " .
from this it can be refuted that he had invented or sustained a colourful legend of descent from a prominent family .
effects of such small size can never be confirmed or refuted for any individual child .
after a few years roux 's theory was refuted by the studies of his colleague hans driesch and later , with more precision , hans spemann showed that , as a rule , driesch 's conclusions were correct , but that results like roux 's may be obtained after intervention in certain planes .
newspapers reported that it was being closed down on march 19 , 2005 , but the party leader had always refuted this .
however , this story has been refuted by historians , and there is evidence that screw - adjustable wrenches and even the term " monkey wrench " were used long before , at least from about 1840 .
after it was discovered that jerry seinfeld once dated carol leifer , speculation grew that elaine was based upon leifer , though that was later refuted .
( the book refuted some of the report 's findings . )
however , the close connection between daoism and alchemy , which some sinologists have asserted , is refuted by nathan sivin , who states that alchemy was just as prominent ( if not more so ) in the secular sphere and practiced more often by laymen .
garnet refuted all the charges against him , and explained the catholic position on such matters , but he was nevertheless found guilty and sentenced to death .
the popish plot of 1678 sparked renewed interest in the gunpowder plot , resulting in a book by thomas barlow , bishop of lincoln , that refuted " a bold and groundless surmise that all this was a contrivance of secretary cecil " .
reggio 's theory has been refuted by simon stern in the preface to his german translation of modena 's works published under the title " der kampf des rabbiners gegen den talmud i m xvii . jahrhundert . "
the first semantic distinction between astrology and astronomy was given by the persian muslim astronomer abu rayhan al - biruni in the 11th century , and he later refuted astrology in another treatise .
however , this interpretation of history for the entire southern region of africa has been refuted by norman etherington in " the great treks : the transformation of southern africa , 1815 - 1854 " ( longman , 2001 ) .
felix santos , a leader of the farmers refuted such claims saying “ we are protesting because of higher gasoline and transportation prices and a law that will charge us for the use of water . ”
while cobby himself has long maintained this and has even received repeat - fee royalties from the bbc , this assertion is refuted by the surviving members of the cast and by gerry anderson , all of whom are adamant that the voice is that of peter dyneley in character as jeff tracy .
rimmer kicks death in the crotch and runs off down the flaming corridor , claiming that " only the good die young " as death winces " that 's never happened before ... " the episode ends with an ominous " the end " caption , but is soon refuted with its sudden erasure and replacement with " the smeg it is " .
the study of astrology was also refuted by other muslim astronomers at the time , including al - farabi , ibn al - haytham , avicenna and averroes .
tanḥuma replied that such a construction was refuted by the immediately preceding words , " yodea ' [ singular ] elohim . "
regardless , ali refuted these claims , insisting they recognized him as caliph voluntarily .
rejewski refuted this : " no , it was not [ cryptologic ] difficulties [ ... ] that prompted us to work with the british and french , but only the deteriorating political situation .
it has been previously suggested that the needle itself is capable of puncturing a hole in the host cell membrane ; this theory has been refuted .
in the 1950s , the senoi hunter - gatherers of malaysia were reported to make extensive use of lucid dreaming to ensure mental health , although later studies refuted these claims .
one such official was huang yupian ( ) , who refuted the ideas found in the scriptures with orthodox confucian and buddhist views in " a detailed refutation of heresy " ( " pōxié xiángbiàn " ) , which was written in 1838 .
it was revealed that the operation to refloat the vessel could take weeks , although speculation that the ship would be cut up on site was refuted by smit international , who said they only needed of water to refloat the ship .
this was finally refuted by lavosier demonstrating the importance of oxygen in burning in 1783 .
karl popper considered astrology to be pseudoscientific simply because astrologers keep their claims so vague that they could never be refuted , whereas paul r. thagard considers astrology pseudoscientific because its practitioners make little effort to develop the theory , show no concern for attempts to critically evaluate the theory in relation to others , and are selective in considering evidence .
tim berners - lee refuted suggestions to change the world wide web name over pronunciation issues , arguing that this peculiar feature of the name would make it memorable .
once again , a false view of what is involved in reasoning properly is refuted by showing that it leads to a false view of the nature of people .
it was not until christian huygens used greater telescopic magnification that this notion was refuted .
conversely , joseph horowitz contends that those who keep the toscanini legend alive are members of a " toscanini cult " , an idea not altogether refuted by frank , but not embraced by him , either .
he rejected the creed popular amongst many sufis entirely ( the ash`ari creed ) in many of his works , especially " al - aqeedat al - waasittiyah " wherein he refuted the asha'ira , the jahmiyya and the mu'tazila
it was formerly believed that a monastery existed on the site of tintagel castle but modern discoveries have refuted this .
in particular , they refuted the assumption of confucius as a godlike figure and considered him as the greatest sage , but simply a human and mortal .
weymouth 's chairman claimed the cost of travelling from his midlands home was a factor in his departure , a suggestion gill refuted .
he refuted claims that the protest was organised by umno and said that the location allocated by the state government is not suitable because section 23 is predominantly malay .
he was refuted , evidently by tertullian himself , and gave an explanation or recantation in writing , which , when tertullian wrote several years afterwards , was still in the hands of the authorities of the carthaginian church , the carnal " , as he affects to call them .
pawlenty has also ran ads accusing hatch of being responsible for raising health care costs , a claim that hatch refuted .
although this was refuted in print by schulze and others , krumbach 's analysis became the standard textbook explanation and nothing was printed in zoological journals about " trichoplax " until the 1960s .
mac assumes that joe has been given additional instructions , but this idea is refuted by sam and shane .
she refuted the argument that asi augustine tried to suppress facts .
that he was ever a porn star has been refuted by the bbc in " the times " .
her – now refuted –
although the complete list of evidence was not immediately available , some of the news clips that made their way into the case file had been refuted , reports said .
in november 2004 , they gave a lecture at the glasgow science centre where the top ten lines of evidence advanced by hoax proponents were individually addressed and refuted .
this story was picked up and widely reported by technology news sites and blogs , however without official sales figures for the iphone , it can not be confirmed or refuted at this time .
this is refuted by the claim that it is both , his mother 's husband was stada but her lover was pandera .
of course , this can be alleged anyway , but in the absence of technology to protect a drive from writes , there is no way for such an allegation to be refuted .
it was widely reported in june and july 2002 that pope john paul ii firmly refuted the speculation of his resignation using canon 332 , in a letter to the milan daily newspaper " corriere della sera " .
thomas a. baillieul , a geologist and retired senior environmental scientist with the united states department of energy , disputed gentry 's claims in an article entitled,"polonium haloes " refuted : a review of " radioactive halos in a radio - chronological and cosmological perspective " .
this was later refuted by the court appointed fbi expert who examined the original tape , and found the tape was not altered .
in 1822 , franz von gruithuisen thought he saw a giant city and evidence of agriculture on the moon , but astronomers using more powerful instruments refuted his claims .
almost all of these allegations were subsequently addressed and refuted by herrera in a counter interview , speaking on behalf of all the other members .
moore refuted ordainment in the church of england , although he accepted it from wesley assisted by two episcopal clergymen ; opposed coke 's lichfield scheme of 1794 for the creation of a methodist hierarchy and also the proposal brought forward in 1834 for the establishment of a theological school ; and on the formation of a centenary fund in 1839 objected to the acquisition of land by the methodist body .
however , costa refuted any claims of leaving the city of montpellier and signed a contract extension on 1 july 2009 until the year 2013 .
in 1980 , speckle interferometry was reported as indicating a much larger satellite with a diameter of 175 km , but the existence of the satellite was later refuted .
sun valley refuted the allegations of cruelty and bad conditions saying that the responsibility they have towards animal welfare is very serious , with employees trained to ensure the highest standards possible .
members of the mga rebutted by citing provisions within its constitution , and refuted tunku majid 's claims that the egm was unconstitutional .
her husband refuted and decided to hold it on another day .
josel refuted luther 's assertions in a voluminous petition to the magistrate of strasbourg , and the latter thereupon inhibited a new edition of luther 's book .
these theories of alcohol distillers are refuted by linguistics alone as the term " ` arqî " is morphologically incorrect .
nor can it be refuted , if all of zfc is consistent .
it is very similar to the kamchatka brown bear , though it has a more elongated skull , a less elevated forehead , somewhat longer nasal bones and less separated zygomatic arches , and is somewhat darker in colour , with some individuals being completely black , a fact which once lead to the now refuted speculation that black individuals were hybrids of brown bears and asian black bears .
conversely , bidwill was an avowed opponent of home rule in ireland and refuted the accusations expressed during his tenure of command .
this suggestion has not won much support , and the historian william leadbetter has recently refuted it .
when church of england clergyman samuel seabury published a series of pamphlets promoting the loyalist cause the following year , hamilton struck back with his first political writings , " a full vindication of the measures of congress " and " the farmer refuted " .
it was also rumored that the inclusion of this track was what caused the band to be dropped from the century media label ; however , both of these rumors have been refuted by the band .
severin , who had drawn the character for atlas in the 1950s , refuted rumors that he had not known of the subject matter , saying at the time of the premiere issue 's release , " the rawhide kid is rather effeminate in this story .
the idea that the physical death of a buddha is the termination of that buddha is graphically refuted by the movement and meaning of the scripture , in which another buddha , who " parinirvana - ed " long before , appears and communicates with shakyamuni himself .
it was refuted by abbé vertot .
initial reports suggested that the line had been cut , though police investigation subsequently refuted that .
as further information comes to hand , the hypothesis may be confirmed or refuted .
at his trial every witness refuted the charge , and the prosecution then argued that this number of witnesses was proof that the bishop was very popular and because he preached religion , which was harmful to the soviet state , he ought to be condemned .
recent reviews have refuted the claim that atypical antipsychotics have fewer extrapyramidal side effects than typical antipsychotics , especially when the latter are used in low doses or when low potency antipsychotics are chosen .
unlike most epistemologists , thalberg published articles that defended the platonic tripartite analysis of knowledge ( justified true belief , a.k.a . " jtb " ) against the more popular view that gettier counterexamples refuted the jtb account .
george eliot 's " identity " was revealed in a letter to " the times " , but this claim was immediately refuted in a letter from eliot herself .
this was subsequently refuted by ulrich zwingli .
while the presence of small terrestrial planets around barnard 's star remains a possibility , van de kamp 's specific claims of large gas giant planets were refuted in the mid 1970s .
while apparently an atheist , it was hinted in series 6 that liam may have had change of perception on the matter , even when he expertly refuted the arguments of two jehovah 's witnesses , whom monica tricked into baby - sitting liam and stella , he stated that " they may not know it , but they 're right and i 'm wrong " .
data from molecular biology and phylogenetic studies contradict the opv aids hypothesis ; consequently , scientific consensus regards the hypothesis as disproven , with an article in the journal " nature " describing the hypothesis as " refuted " .
in 1987 , deedat refuted rumors in south africa that he was a qadiani and was distributing a tafseer of the qur'an attributed to a well - known qadian , muhammad asad , by issuing a public statement clarifying his stand , re - stating his view that mirza ghulam ahmad al - qadiani was a ' kaafir ' ( i.e. non muslim ) , and so were his followers .
the sermon refuted some of emerson 's pantheist ideas and reasserted , as the title suggests , the willful personality of god .
these charges were widely refuted by scholars .
the claims of these supposedly consecrated individuals were refuted by sources close to archbishop thục , going as far as to say the questionable persons claiming to have been consecrated by thục , especially a certain " bishop roux " , falsely claimed having been consecrated by archbishop thục .
in his reply , orwell reiterated that " pacifism is objectively pro - fascist " ; defended his work for the bbc 's indian broadcasts and refuted the accusation that he " is intellectual - hunting again " .
this has been cogently refuted by rebt theorists who have pointed out that a careful study of rebt shows that it is both philosophically deep , humanistic and individualized collaboratively working on the basis of the client ’s point of reference .
the plant 's management refuted rumors of an accident and stated that the third unit was stopped for a " short - term unscheduled maintenance " , with a restart scheduled for 31st august 2009 .
greenberg refuted meinhof 's linguistic theories , and rejected the use of racial and social evidence .
his research was refuted by pearson and charles goring .
following the 2009 european parliament election , timothy kirkhope , leader of the british conservative party meps , refuted allegation that lega nord would be allowed in the newly formed group of european conservatives and reformists , according to the times because of their " openly xenophobic " views .
some have said that the technological limitations of the time were a further obstacle to the construction of the machine , but this has been refuted by the partial construction of one of babbage 's machines by his son henry , and now by the construction of one of his simpler designs by the british science museum .
during the siege of taganrog , from the territory of the church the cossacks and the volunteer corps refuted the attack of the british and french landing party .
basing it on an article in " l’eclair " from the 15 september 1896 edition which revealed the illegality of the trial of 1894 , lazare refuted the accusation point by point and demanded the sentence be overturned .
in the attempt of 1896 , the wind immediately refuted his optimism by blowing steadily from the north , straight at the balloon hangar at danskøya , until the expedition had to pack up , let the hydrogen out of the balloon , and go home .
the resulting interview refuted batista 's claims , and gave castro and his revolutionaries international attention .
holentein ( 2006 ) described that in his book , ki - zerbo refuted the common belief of africa as a black continent without culture and history .
jackson 's label epic records , refuted allegations they were not promoting the album sufficiently , saying , " we are completely behind the album ...
however this is refuted when patrick shows up in the hotel lobby .
using data he collected from his own observations gersonides ' refuted ptolemy 's model in what the notable physicist yuval ne'eman has considered as " one of the most important insights in the history of science , generally missed in telling the story of the transition from epicyclic corrections to the geocentric model to copernicus ' heliocentric model " .
while bure did not deny his business and personal relationship with kikalishvili , he refuted the reports that kikalishvili was involved in any criminal activity .
the theory was later refuted by climatologists and is regarded as a serious error .
he refuted this saying that modern technology had effectively reduced the distances across those oceans , allowing even for " planes that could fly from the british isles to new england and back again without refueling . "
the monography of f. geisthardt ( 1936 ) about cardinal boso refuted almost all elements of his traditional biography concerning the period before his promotion to the cardinalate .
it gave great offence to scottish presbyterians , and was refuted at length by james wood , professor of theology at st. andrews , in a pamphlet called ' a little stone , pretended to be out of the mountain , tried and found to be a counterfeit , ' edinburgh , 1654 .
some bishops suggested that mcginnity left maynooth because he had a nervous breakdown , a suggestion formally refuted by mcginnity 's long - standing personal physician .
oliver was reckoned to be the most fluent and politically knowledgeable of the candidates , and refuted claims of far left links , declaring " i am no bolshevist , neither am i a patriotic tub - thumper " when he opened his campaign on 18 may. when conservative prime minister andrew bonar law was taken ill , oliver paid tribute to his " transparent honesty " and gave hopes for a speedy recovery .
the 1980s wave of gorbachev 's glasnost ( " publicity " ) policy refuted an old soviet version of the 1921 - 4 events .
popper argued that psychoanalysis is a pseudoscience because its claims are not testable and can not be refuted ; that is , they are not falsifiable .
this announcement was refuted by criminal law experts , since the attorney general ca n't declare guilt nor innocence , even less interpret the law ; they can not drop charges due to the nature of the offense and because charges were pressed by a private company , which has stated will follow the suit .
either way , this shows that buzz does not know his father ( although as mentioned in " toy story 2 " , he was indeed killed , possibly by zurg , as neither of these facts have been refuted ) .
the result was refuted .
however , on december 20 , it was that report was refuted by bloodsimple saying ; " we 're putting the finishing touches on the record this week and will mix it first thing in january 2007 , then wait on official release date and touring plans which will hopefully be in march . "
a theory that its name was derived from the celtic " fawr maen " , the " great stone " was refuted by r. hansford worth who pointed out that the correct celtic form would have been " maen fawr " , so it could not have mutated into " bowerman " .
he never lacked courage , and thus early in his career attacked and subsequently refuted many of the doctrines then generally accepted .
the single proved a flop , and the press were quick to pounce , claiming five star 's career was rapidly fading , and that they had lost all their money , a claim they refuted when they appeared on bbc tv 's " wogan " chat show in an attempt to prove to the public that they were , in fact , quite happy , and that they had kept their fortunes from their previous hits .
however , the very concept of " brahmin atrocities " is refuted by some tamil brahmin historians who are keen to dismiss it as fictitious .
the expedition also definitively refuted the legend of a land mass in the north pacific .
besides several sermons , he published : " the refuter refuted ; or dr hen .
basanth 's orders refuted by hema the next day .
mariadas ratnaswami , a member of the party , wrote a critical account of gandhi and refuted gandhi 's campaign against industrialisation in a pamphlet named " the political philosohpy of mahatma gandhi " in 1920 .
but this is refuted since if we understand the meaning of " kot kurman " , kot means fort and kurman means tortoise , like kachwa from kachwaha means the same .
while filming , there were a lot of rumors about a possible clash between the two actresses , mostly because of their often comparison , but haver refuted this , saying : " betty is a big star and i 'm just starting .
the government of benjamin disraeli tried to minimize the massacres , saying that the bulgarians were equally responsible , but these claims were refuted by schuyler and macgahan 's eyewitness reports .
the movement refuted christianity and sought to re - introduce the norse pre - christian system of belief - the adoration of odin , tor and balder .
it was never refuted to be an immature female desert european nightjar .
both assumptions were categorically refuted by twentieth - century psychology , which established the normality of the tomboy experience among girls of all identities .
he refuted the idea that poverty is self - perpetuating and showed that central planning and large - scale public investment are not preconditions for growth .
advocates of historicism ( particularly advocates of historical materialism ) would suggest that their theory would be decisively refuted if modern capitalist society as a whole decided to restore monarchy and its feudalist forms of production .
the study of astrology was refuted by avicenna .
this has been refuted in various articles and by passenger and crew testimony .
in late 2008 murphy also announced he is to play bass guitar in free energy , a classic rock band , with lcd soundsystem drummer pat mahoney and friends scott wells and paul sprangers , although this was later refuted by murphy as a misinterpretation .
there were of course influential people , e.g. niels bohr , who refuted einstein 's analysis immediately .
nato also claims that no civilians were killed in the action ( despite nato claims that human shields were used ) , although this is refuted by local leaders .
dawkins further commented that it was an argument darwin himself had anticipated , and that the example of a bacterial flagellum used by behe had in fact been refuted by kenneth r. miller in kitzmiller v. dover area school district .
" the arabian astronomer , alhazen ( 965 - 1037 ad ) , refuted this by making the first attempt at observing and measuring the milky way 's parallax , and he thus " determined that because the milky way had no parallax , it was very remote from the earth and did not belong to the atmosphere . "
the defence of ismail and zamila ayob ( his wife , and a fellow respondent ) included documents signed by mandela and witnessed by his secretaries , that , they claimed , refuted many of the allegations made by nelson mandela and his advisors .
the band quickly refuted such rumors , but added that they may not tour again due to their obligations with other projects .
two weeks later he published " the reply of jesus " in which he , as if jesus was talking , refuted the charges and replied that he is not responsible for the christians ' crimes .
estonian government has refuted the claims , based on the dig 's final report concluding there were no more burials in this area , and instead proposed that captain sysoyev was mistakenly added to the 13-member list in the postwar confusion .
for instance , wilson argued that rogers ' theory has been refuted by mechthild flury - lemberg at the 2005 shroud conference , but whiting disputed that statement .
this frustrated many conferencegoers who felt that these issues , or at least his presentation of them , had been thoroughly refuted during the conference , and that moreover such statements were irresponsible coming from a university president .
this putative law , sometimes called the " blackett effect " , was never generally accepted , and by the 1950s even blackett felt it had been refuted . , pp .
the modern synthesis rose to universal acceptance among biologists with the help of new evidence , such as genetics , which confirmed darwin 's predictions and refuted the competing theories .
in this work , besides stating the nature of the doctrine , its importance , and its scriptural basis , he refuted the nag 's head fable , which he had already worked on in his edition of john bramhall 's works , concluding the validity of anglican orders .
media reports that the body on display in the main salon was not valentino but a decoy were continually refuted by campbell .
regarding his use of the " cyberpunk " moniker , idol refuted claims that he had ever called himself one , and instead used the name as a ode to the subculture . "
during initial reports after the lynch rescue , it had been stated that a blonde soldier , presumably lynch , had fought until she ran out of ammunition , although she later refuted this ; although there has been no official investigation into this matter , it has been widely speculated that this soldier was walters , who is also blond .
he refuted some of the opinions of asclepiades of bithynia , and was exceedingly severe against the " dogmatists " .
fact that is attributed to historic reasons , scientifically refuted .
this was refuted by sandra lean , who , in " no smoke " , claimed that gordon had never been a freemason .
this " marriage " , however , was subsequently refuted by the family of bertha merkel , " infra " , and was apparently an extortion attempt .
osborne repairman charles eicher has refuted this version of events , claiming that the machine boasted of by adam osborne shipped and put the company back into a healthy profit until a single executive built up serious debt trying to complete the assembly of older stock .
both the french prosecution and valeo refuted media claims of spying and the case is later considered to be a psychosis .
charged with " incestum " , clodius defended himself by stating that he was not in rome the day of the sacred rites , an alibi that was refuted by cicero in court , which started a life - long enmity between the two men .
andy king refuted claims that gurney was to rejoin swindon , but in august 2005 gurney joined on loan .
this abuse was refuted in interviews with her mother and other relatives .
markey refuted rush limbaugh 's assertion that the bill was not available at all , saying the bill was available to read on the internet and at the reading clerk 's desk since the 3:47 am reporting .
the mechanisms of religion include ( 1 ) objectification ( the reduction of reality to images and definitions that are easily understood and can not be refuted ) , ( 2 ) commitment through faith ( a kind of tribalism enacted through self - surrender ) , ( 3 ) and myth ( the narratives that explain the tribe 's favored position on the earth , often incorporating supernatural forces struggling for control , apocalypse , and millennium ) .
the riga peace conference was even halted by these demands for several days , but eventually these claims were refuted by the polish government which argued that bułak - bałachowicz was a polish citizen since 1918 .
many modern naturalistic philosophers see no impenetrable barrier in deriving " ought " from " is " believing an " ought " can derive from an " is " whenever we analyze goal - directed behavior , and a statement of the form " in order for a to achieve goal b , a ought to do c " exhibits no category error and may be factually verified or refuted .
a 2009 " charisma magazine " interview with rick joyner refuted adultery claims while characterizing the relationship as wrong and premature .
for example , the bc ministry of environment , via extensive research by scientists estimates the current grizzly bear population at 17,000 .. some anti - hunting groups have refuted this estimate but have not conducted any studies to support their views .
in some cases , the addition of an axiom produces predictions that are not refuted by experience .
however , that belief is refuted by analysis of vespucci 's records .
in his 1966 analysis of the project 's economic feasibility , michael brewer refuted the conclusions of the 1962 federal study , saying that the ability of the dam to pay for itself was " an exercise in speculation " .
creech repeats many of the classic creationist objections to evolution which have been repeatedly refuted , and then looks to the discovery institute 's much - maligned petition , " a scientific dissent from darwinism " , as an authority that confirms his position .
dōgen is known to have refuted the statement " painted rice cakes will not satisfy hunger " .
moore was briefly recognized by a greenpeace website as in a list of first members and founders of the group , a recognition which is substantively refuted .
in 2000 , the fbi released a report accounting for most of the deaths , which circumstances refuted the allegation .
for many years , the breed was regarded as simply a variety of other serbian scenthounds , but in 1946 this was strongly refuted and the breed was granted independent status from other scenthounds and a standard was drawn up .
people who knew power as a close friend have refuted the claims of bisexuality : bob buck , a pilot who served as power 's co - pilot on a trip to europe and south africa in 1947 , in his autobiography " north star over my shoulder " stated ( in responding to rumors that he had read ) " and while talking of ty , i want to make this clear , and as loudly as i can : he was not a homosexual ... " .
soon after , he retracted his statements and refuted that the film would not damage his reputation .
and unlike a person , a text ca n’t respond to a question ; it will just keep saying the same thing over and over again , no matter how often it is refuted .
according to legend , gable was lent to columbia pictures , then considered a second - rate operation , as punishment for refusing roles ; however , this has been refuted by more recent biographies .
however , this has since been refuted by no idea , who commented saying " this thing will never happen . "
cnidarian affinities are not necessarily refuted by ivantstov & fedonkin ( 2002 ) , who suggest that " rugoconites " may possess tri - radial symmetry and be a member of the trilobozoa .
recent reviews have refuted the claim that atypical antipsychotics have fewer extrapyramidal side effects than typical antipsychotics , especially when the latter are used in low doses or when low potency antipsychotics are chosen .
among those who refuted blood libel against jews were holy roman emperor frederick ii in 1236 : " ... we pronounce the jews of the aforementioned place [ fulda ] and the rest of the jews in germany completely absolved of this imputed crime , " pope gregory ix in papal bull dated october 7 , 1272 : " we decree ... that christians need not be obeyed against jews in a case or situation of this type , and we order that jews seized upon such as silly pretext be freed from impisonment , and that they shall not be arrested henceforth on such a miserable pretext , unless - which we do not believe - they be caught in the commission of the crime , " pope clement vi on september 26 , 1348 : " jews are not responsible for the plague . "
the zionist contention that the arab worker benefited from jewish immigration was therefore refuted by the report:(p.133 : ) " the policy of the jewish labour federation is successful in impeding the employment of arabs in jewish colonies and in jewish enterprises of every kind .
but the union was refuted by his nestorian bishops .
they used rudimentary handicraft , techniques , and language in their short motion pictures that refuted the reproduction of the natural world , instead , focusing on light and form in the dimension of time , impossible to represent in static visual arts .
although selective recruitment provides a perfectly reasonable and quantitative explanation for why casualty reductions from belt laws fall short of those computed simply from increased belt use , other explanations that are convincingly refuted by mountains of research persist .
another theory , championed by david h. li , which contends that chess was invented in china in 204 - 203 bc by the military leader han xin , has been refuted as " based on virtually nothing " .
although the fbi later completely refuted that he had any involvement in the incident , mehsud claimed responsibility for the shootings in binghamton , new york , on friday 13 april .
finally , claims to preference or authority can be refuted : the british did not refer to louis - napoleon as napoleon iii during his rule .
he has never regarded the theory of sense - data as refuted , but has set out to refute in turn the objections which so many have considered to be conclusive .
the working conditions were largely not refuted .
but only the wittichan system was also compatible with the failure to find any stellar parallax predicted by all heliocentric models , in addition to also being compatible with the failure to find any martian parallax that refuted both the copernican and tychonic models .
many of the common myths concerning kant 's personal mannerisms are enumerated , explained , and refuted in goldthwait 's introduction to his translation of " observations on the feeling of the beautiful and sublime " .
he has refuted these claims .
gonzalez has refuted the idea of ever taking steroids multiple times , and is in fact a vegetarian .
among the most important are a controversial treatise on the catholic faith , in which are refuted what he saw as the principal errors of the chinese ; " the true origin of all things " ; and " the life of god , the saviour , from the four gospels " .
in 1869 he published a " discours sur l'histoire des langues semitiques de renan " , in which he refuted some of the assertions of the french critic .
in 1967 , hora published his seminal account " nankin jiken " in which he refuted revisionist denial of the massacre .
the book repeats a long refuted notion that modern jews are descendants of turkic converts and has been thoroughly debunked by scholars .
shortly after the movie was released , plato came out as a lesbian in the lesbian lifestyle magazine , " girlfriends " , but later refuted the report , claiming she was only experimenting .
with the production of his first work " heresies refuted " ( heikii , 1647 ) , an outright rejection of buddhist faith , ansai fully embraced “ the one true way ” of neo confucianism .
galbraith 's arguments were refuted to the satisfaction of most historians by dorothy whitelock in " genuine asser " , in 1967 .
moses ha - kohen refuted arguments of this kind , and the controversy was broken off in the middle of the fourth sitting .
evidence cited included a large negative gravity anomaly coincident with a supposed subglacial topographic depression 243 km across and having a minimum depth of 848 m. the claims were comprehensively refuted by cr bentley in 1979 based on new airborne radio - echo sounding data that showed no evidence for the supposed crater .
these mistakes are refuted at length by friedrich adolph lampe ( 1683 - 1729 ) in " de cymbalis veterum " .
the psychiatrists were faulted for not adequately investigating the patients they described , and their conclusions have been refuted .
the record company themselves quickly refuted the rumour stating that lennox 's contract had merely been fulfilled and that they hoped she would consider remaining with them .
smith , a young reporter in windhoek at the time of massacre , refuted that claim , stating that he had personally witnessed black namibians receiving treatment .
a somewhat bitter attack , not only on gillray 's character , but even on his genius , appeared in the athenaeum for 1 october 1831 , which was successfully refuted by john landseer in the " athenaeum " a fortnight later .
these speculations were refuted in 1930 , upon the discovery of the expedition 's final resting place on kvitøya by the crews of two ships , the " bratvaag " and the " isbjørn " .
not surprisingly , an examination of the book reviews and published comments reveals that these points have rarely if ever been mentioned by detractors of the book , much less denied or refuted .
abdullah bin ubai bin salul , a medinan polytheist , refuted their allegations denouncing them as null and void , claiming that his people would never initiate anything unless he gave them clear orders .
kurt gödel 's seminal work on proof theory first advanced , then refuted this program : his completeness theorem initially seemed to bode well for hilbert 's aim of reducing all mathematics to a finitist formal system ; then his incompleteness theorems showed that this is unattainable .
this rumour was refuted in a statement by big brother , where a spokesman explained , " no housemate selects an agent until they have been evicted from the house ...
the jews claimed that gabriel and michael brought magic down to the two angels , but allah refuted this false claim .
this criticism has been refuted by benjamin diedrich , pointing out that the carnot rule does not apply to an open system .
ghazali strictly refuted their ideology and wrote several books on refutation of baatinyas which significantly weakened their status .
some evidence exists that points to the scammers hacking into the store 's surveillance network , but this has not been confirmed in any case and has been refuted in others .
in 1863 hitchcock wrote an article in which he refuted darwin ’s theory of natural selection .
the israeli army refuted these claims .
suggestions that bly appeared in the horror film " vampires " ( 1986 ) prior to his stint in the antique and auctions trade , are almost certainly untrue and are refuted by his son julian .
paul bignell and cole moreton for " the independent " refuted the accusation , naming peggy as an acceptable role model for her devotion to her family , protecting her nieces and loving her sons despite their numerous misdemeanours .
some elements of african music , most commonly the emphasis on rhythm , have been suggested as having a biological basis , though this is no longer generally accepted among scholars and has been refuted by several studies .
later in 2009 , the " new england journal of medicine " reported that the book effectively advocated for vaccines and refuted the vaccine – autism myth .
after the death of buddhapalita ( 470–550 ) , bhavaviveka refuted his views by writing a commentary on the " root wisdom " called " wisdom lamp " ( " janāndeepa " ) relying on nagarjuna 's teachings .
the claim of ignorance is refuted , however , by the national science foundation investigators hired by the corps of engineers , who point to a 1986 study by the corps itself that such separations were possible in the i - wall design .
yuwen xian refuted each accusation , but was still strangled to death .
the phrase " personal union " appears in some discussion about the early commonwealth of nations , though its application to commonwealth was refuted by others .
thus , kripke claims to have successfully refuted the assumption made by everyone before him that anything that is necessarily true will be known a priori .
the study of traditional alchemy and the theory of the transmutation of metals were first refuted by al - kindi , followed by abū rayhān al - bīrūnī , avicenna , and ibn khaldun .
he resented the suggestion ( from a man in north carolina ) that " the light and spirit of god ... was not in the indians " , a proposition which fox refuted .
in his article " the superinvestors of graham - and - doddsville " , buffett refuted the academic efficient - market hypothesis , that beating the s&p 500 was " pure chance " , by highlighting a number of students of the graham and dodd value investing school of thought .
the ruling also refuted claims of mis - conduct cited by president cristina kirchner to justify his removal .
elharar blamed the station for promoting left - wing politics , but the station commander yitzhak tunik refuted the claims .
however , that report was later refuted by a spokesperson for ozzfest .
andrew cairncross , for example , argued persuasively as early as 1936 , in an argument less refuted than ignored since then , that " hamlet " was written as early as 1588 - 89 .
stories of infiltration by political activists from outside the area and intimidation of project supporters had also been rife , but these were refuted by the then independent td jerry cowley and local fine gael td michael ring .
this claim is refuted in a german propaganda book about what happened in the camps published in 1918 .
tourist guides say that the building once housed a high - class brothel , but the statement is refuted by historians as an urban legend .
it has been speculated by some that they may descend from the same line as clan gregor , however this is refuted by others .
thomas particularly was famous for his book " froudacity " ( 1889 ) in which he refuted and questioned the view espoused by oxford historian james anthony froude that black people could not be entrusted with self - government .
in the preface of the book , hues rehearsed arguments that proved the earth is a sphere , and refuted opposing theories .
the modern evolutionary synthesis , in which the genetic mechanisms of evolution were discovered , refuted the hypothesis for good .
in numerous works containing philosophical content , he revealed his own relativistic and irrational understanding of life and refuted all types of metaphysics .
this report has been refuted .
however , laplace refuted this idea in 1796 , showing that any planets formed in such a way would eventually crash into the sun .
