the cromer prospect public art scheme was installed in 2005/06 and was part of a wider £ 6.1 million refurbishment .
the ice 1 was originally equipped with a passenger information system based on btx , however this system was eventually taped over and removed in the later refurbishment .
final refurbishment to their pools and outside decks .
the museum received a major refurbishment in 2004 which included the creation of a striking new entrance as part of the city 's phoenix initiative project .
the theatre has just re opened following major refurbishment of front of house areas to provide modern and accessible facilities .
with the reopening of the nymr as an 18 mile long railway in 1973 the levisham gang returned to base and started the long slow task of restoration and refurbishment that has made the station what it is today .
in the absence of any official ceremony since the extra services and refurbishment of the station building , those present performed a simple ceremony to mark the occasion .
from late 2003 , the fleet underwent refurbishment , which included the installation of new seating and repainting in a new livery of " stratus white " on the upper body side and " aster blue " on the lower body side , separated by a " ibis pink " stripe .
there has been some refurbishment in recent years and game numbers are said to be rising again .
the former private house , which is now a retreat and conference house , was reopened in september 2005 following refurbishment .
after some ten years of successful service , the interior of tgv réseau sets became outdated and needed a refurbishment .
the school board plans to expand union street school and elm hill school , while the voters decided in 2008 to cease using park street school as a school " as soon as possible " due to prohibitive refurbishment costs and safety issues .
in fall 1989 , vf-213 and cvw-11 went around the world on " enterprise " for a westpac deployment ending at ns norfolk , virginia for refurbishment .
rumours persisted among students that the speed of the refurbishment was due to the possibility that zara phillips was considering enrolling at the university of york and the state of campus accommodation was not of a high enough standard to welcome students with a royal pedigree .
the telescope itself was in working condition , in 1999 the army gave permission for the removal of the lens cell to be removed for refurbishment .
in 2002 the cenotaph was given a refurbishment and was re - dedicated .
it kept the same name until the late 1980s when it was renamed the balmoral hotel after refurbishment , despite being located over 100 miles south of balmoral castle .
after a thorough refurbishment it has been a branch of nearby parliament ever since .
and the new refurbishment at long marston said .
the museum was partly closed for phase one of a refurbishment in 2005 , and was reopened on 22 october 2005 by lady jane wellesley the daughter of the 8th duke of wellington .
eight years later , the institution - building is manifested through the acquisition and refurbishment of premises where he had worked as a barracks paint ( local topped by carmel empire ) , on the street tacuarembó 1234 ( today carnelli lawrence ) , who was being successively extended by the annexation of several properties linderas and is the current location of channel 10 .
the gallery has been closed for refurbishment since april 2009 , and is expected to reopen in late 2011 .
this public sector funding levered in £ 1.6 million of private sector investment for the refurbishment of of redundant buildings , providing 145 units for use by artists , designers and communicators .
large scale refurbishment took place in 1668 and in the mid 17th century .
the main financial sponsors of this refurbishment were surrey county council ( scc ) and the south east england development agency ( seeda ) , and the design was undertaken in - house by scc .
the locos were all given a ' grg ' ( major refurbishment ) in the early 1980s to remove the original ' skirts ' , and to replace the original windscreens and head / tail lamps clusters with ' standard sncf ' arrangement .
in 2000 a feasibility study considered four options : demolition , refurbishment , ground floor extensions , or extensions to both levels .
the manufacture of components was taken on by the " bahnbetriebswerke " ( " bw " i.e. locomotive depot ) at dresden , oebisfelde , berlin - pankow and weissenfels as well as the refurbishment shop ( " aufarbeitungswerkstatt " ) at wilsdruff .
in 1993 the bar underwent refurbishment and was reopened by rolf harris .
a further round of refurbishment , costing £ 80 m was completed in april 2009 .
in order to amalgamate the college onto one campus , nelson & colne college gained funding of over £ 20 million , which allowed for the provision of new buildings and refurbishment of some existing facilities .
" endeavour " was the first and last orbiter to land on the temporary runway 04 at edwards afb , as the main runway was completing refurbishment .
in november 2002 , operational capacity was increased to 99 beds with the refurbishment of the old pdc to a temporary remand centre .
their younger son , major william baird , commissioned the renowned architect , sir robert lorimer to oversee extensive refurbishment of the house in 1912 .
besides designing , manufacturing and marketing the industry standard conventional , mark ii and other rod lift pumping units that are used to lift oil from wells , the oilfield division provides pumping unit services ( used unit refurbishment and sale , installation , field service , repair , and parts ) and well automation products and services , through lufkin automation , ( pump - off controllers , dynamometers , fluid level analysis , consulting , and training ) that lower the costs of producing oil .
this costs of the refurbishment were shouldered by the bangko sentral ng pilipinas , the offices of senators franklin drilon and francis pangilinan , and malabon - navotas congressman ricardo sandoval , the department of public works and highways , and the ccp .
the club 's ground and facilities are to undergo major refurbishment in the coming years .
a refurbishment of the reptile house and courtyard area was completed in 2008 .
this project , the rehabilitation , refurbishment and redecoration of the central mosque is an effort to restore this important cultural icon .
in 1989 , the 50th anniversary of its art deco redevelopment , the theatre underwent an extensive refurbishment by philip mcallister , architect for entrevision cinemas pty ltd , who wished to return the cinema to its art deco glory and provide a quality film experience in a quality environment .
this station was closed on june 3 , 2006 for refurbishment work to a randstadrail metro station .
due to being a conservation area , many schemes involve the refurbishment of existing buildings although there are many new - build projects as well .
opg will proceed with a detailed planning phase for the mid - life refurbishment of the darlington nuclear generating station east of toronto , with construction expected to start in about 2016 .
opf-3 was previously called the orbiter maintenance & refurbishment facility ( omrf ) , but was upgraded to a fully functioning opf .
during the mid 1980s they underwent their heavy c1 refurbishment at wolverton which included new flat windscreens , a corridor connection between the tso and the mbs , and a pa system among other modifications .
an ongoing process of refurbishment has been running since the late 1990s — in 1998 , the junortoun quadrangle was refurbished .
the refurbishment will include new 25 m diving and teaching pools , and will improve the changing rooms , cafe , reception , and the main 50 m pool .
after a period of decline , and later of refurbishment , st. catherine 's was re - consecrated and has been the place of worship for the anglican " core " church ( city outreach for renewal and evangelism ) since then .
as part of this refurbishment , falcon square has been rebuilt as a plaza on which a new mercat cross has been erected , and which has replaced the town house end of the high street as a gathering point for civic events .
the refurbishment and recommissioning of the new orleans mint was due partly to the fact that in 1878 the federal government in washington , d.c. had passed the bland - allison act , which mandated the purchase and coining of a large quantity of silver yearly .
during this refurbishment , the old hot tub was covered over with the concrete of the new pool deck .
in feb 1949 , transitioned to f-86a sabres with the f-84s being sent to republic aircraft for refurbishment and reassignment to air national guard units .
a major refurbishment occurred in 1988 and the upper storeys in verco building are now leased to the south australian government .
following the refurbishment , it reopened in february 2009 .
during stage two the existing administration centre and part of the sports gymnasium were built along with the refurbishment of the old classrooms and office area .
model ( coachwork ) : saunders 3rt3/3 with roofbox removed ( originally fitted with a weymann 3rt8/3 body until refurbishment in the 1960 's )
the partnership will allow inter cheadle to use the facilities at park road for some of their seven teams and will assist cheadle town 's application for funding in relation to the ground 's planned refurbishment
any refurbishment must be in the same materials and colours as the original work .
with the refurbishment now complete , the hotel is one of the city 's most luxurious , offering contemporary and state - of - the - art facilities such as a modern , fully - equipped health club with a beautifully decorated indoor pool , intimate restaurants , and superior service to all guests and visitors .
before refurbishment it used ivory interior with long sheet .
whitechapel is the base for the london air ambulance , and the hospital 's clinical facilities are undergoing a £ 1 billion refurbishment and expansion .
in november 2006 , the m.s. marin underwent a complete refurbishment including all new seating , paint , deck covering and carpeting , ceilings and wall paneling , lighting , pa system , restrooms , refreshment stand , security cameras , windows , bicycle racks ( accommodate at least 70 bicycles ) , modern handicap lift ; generator and electrical systems .
for series iv , recording of the show moved from the studios in manchester to shepperton studios due to the old studio undergoing refurbishment .
in 2001 , the empire closed for a £ 17 million refurbishment project designed by tim ronalds architects , and reopened in 2004 .
the proposal is for the palace theatre in manchester to receive an £ 80 m refurbishment , creating a first - class theatre capable of staging productions by both the royal ballet and royal opera .
refurbishment .
the building was sold and is currently undergoing refurbishment to become a lounge .
the school is also nearing completion of the refurbishment of the old gymnasium as a new drama centre and is soon to commence construction of the ' leadership and ethics centre ' featuring lecture facilities , a new year 12 common room and the school 's museum .
along with other campus improvements such as more and better student housing , the refurbishment and expansion plan for the stadium was accelerated to be ready by the beginning of the 2003 season .
the meadows is home to portland leisure centre which underwent extensive refurbishment in 2008 .
the airport is a state - of - the - art facility , having undergone a massive programme of refurbishment due to the euro 2004 football championships being partly hosted in the city .
the re - brand is the culmination of an ongoing capital investment programme of more than euro 200 million , which involved a complete refurbishment of nine of the 11 doyle collection properties , as well as repositioning the hotel group into the luxury hotels category .
the title is a reference to the attic flat at the top of 10 downing street , which was created during thatcher 's period refurbishment of the house , which did away with the prime minister 's previous living quarters on lower floors .
in 1995 a recreation wing was added , with a substantial extension to the school being added in 1997 and a total refurbishment being undertaken in 1998 .
that year also saw the refurbishment of the ship 's operations room by a team from hms " vernon " , and the return of " belfasts six twin bofors mounts , along with their fire directors .
the building of platform 4 and converting platform 1 ( which was rarely used before the refurbishment ) for boarding smoothed passenger flow .
refurbishment .
in april 2008 , the heritage lottery fund awarded a grant of £ 3.7 million towards a major refurbishment of the building and the museum 's collections .
however since the summer of 2008 , it underwent full refurbishment and opened its doors , this time as tamarind indian cuisine .
at walt disney world resort , the haunted mansion closed for refurbishment on june 8 , 2007 and reopened september 13 , 2007 .
all door panels and walls are white , which was subsequently adopted in the refurbishment of the c151 cars .
in august 2004 " imagine " was performed at the rivers of america due to the refurbishment of sleeping beauty castle .
it sported distinctive steel girders for many years , but these were removed during refurbishment in 2000 .
a major refurbishment of the hall was carried out in 1995 at a cost of £ 10.3 million .
after carrying out some renovations and refurbishment , it was re - launched as the raffles beijing in 2006 .
portugal , italy , the uk , germany , france and the czech republic are some of the countries where this building and refurbishment drive has had the greatest effect .
refurbishment .
between october 2003 and april 2006 , the school underwent a major building and refurbishment programme as part of the mid - bedfordshire pfi scheme .
through the 1970s and 1980s dr. lyon 's ongoing research at the arctic submarine laboratory resulted in refurbishment and improvement of the lab 's cryogenic facilities .
some investment took place , with the partial refurbishment of seven dormitories in the mid-1980s .
after refurbishment , the trains were called 1000n series .
currently , the castle is going through extensive refurbishment but it is still open to the public during the summer months .
in 2004 it underwent an extensive refurbishment and now includes a bright , modern bar and a new entrance on to university square , which is on the site of its owners - queen 's university belfast .
while in staten island , " intrepid " underwent the next phase of her refurbishment , and received an $ 8 million interior renovation .
a 20-year master plan is being drafted for nausori airport that will include a complete refurbishment and upgrade of fiji 's second international airport , creating an exceptional state of the art facility for the international passengers and an impressive domestic hub for fiji .
the station is served by lifts , and between between 10 july 2006 and 14 june 2007 it was closed to allow essential refurbishment work on these and other parts of the station .
the next stage is complete refurbishment of the east wing , due to be completed in october 2010 .
following a £ 1.8 million refurbishment in june 2004 , ladywell leisure centre offers state - of - the - art facilities .
during his nearly four years at the mfa , he made several key appointments ; launched an ambitious program of deaccessioning and acquisition ; completed half of the japanese print access and documentation project which released some 25,000 prints to the web with the help of over 50 volunteers in the u.s. and japan ; initiated a similar program for the japanese illustrated books ; oversaw the web release of a further 30,000 images from the asian collections ; launched documentation and web - release projects for the korean and chinese collections ; started a major series of loans to japanese museums ; completed the refurbishment of two major galleries ; assisted in raising more than $ 4 m in support for the department ; and curated or oversaw over a dozen exhibitions of asian art .
they also suggested a refurbishment would be much more likely , and that a sale would take some time to go through , given the size and complexity of the project .
the company has over 5,100 employees who provide maintenance , completions and refurbishment , engineering , fixed base operations , aircraft management , charter services , aircraft sales and personnel services .
in 2004 the station enjoyed a partial refurbishment , with vdu units installed to display train departure times , and enhanced disabled access on the northbound platform .
in december 2007 , the university announced plans for a major refurbishment of the arts tower .
any remaining ships that haven't received the final stage of refurbishment .
the market has recently undergone an upgrade , which includes a new design and refurbishment .
the hospital required a major refurbishment to bring it up to modern standards .
before the refurbishment program , the train 's only power sockets for passengers were located in the conference compartment .
robert sayle was itself renamed john lewis cambridge after a major refurbishment in 2007 .
2000 saw the launch of a multi - million pound refurbishment programme .
from 1990 the berlin branch office of the german finance ministry was also located here , and since 1999 , following a vast refurbishment , the building has served as the ministry 's headquarters .
in 2008 the church purchased the fusion building next to trinity house on winchcombe street , and in 2009 has begun a refurbishment of the main church building to increase the capacity to nearly 1000 .
as well as 22 tram depots around the county , refurbishment and maintenance works were opened at charlton in 1909 .
in addition , the library , staffroom and office underwent major refurbishment .
first great western will receive up to 12 units to cover for refurbishment of their fleet and withdrawal of 12 class 158 units for use by first scotrail and east midlands trains .
refurbishment project .
these include dundrum town centre , the largest commercial centre in europe ( on the luas green line ) , blanchardstown centre , the square , which has recently undergone a major refurbishment , in tallaght ( on the luas red line ) , liffey valley shopping centre in clondalkin , northside shopping centre in coolock , and pavilions shopping centre in swords .
the refurbishment project is an example of the integration of services systems ( by steensen varming ) , to provide a modern , functional headquarters while minimising the impact on the heritage and archaeological fabric of a site .
grandeur of the seas " is rumored to be the next to have the massive refurbishment sometime in early 2008 .
this comprised building a new family centre and an industry skills centre , as well as refurbishment of the existing tower block at the campus .
in early 2008 , the management of the king 's theatre announced that a full programme of interior refurbishment was planned , to restore the theatre to its former glory , in time for the commonwealth games that the city is to host in 2014 .
due to the old studio in manchester undergoing refurbishment , the recording of series iv moved to shepperton studios .
the custard factory is again set for an expansion with the refurbishment of the adjacent devonshire house being approved by birmingham city council in august 2007 .
in september 2008 , then minister of culture arts and leisure , gregory campbell , announced the awarding of capital funding to allow refurbishment of the university road site to get underway .
refurbishment .
the station under went significant refurbishment in 1994 .
the minergie standard is somewhat comparable to german kfw40 ( new buildings ) and kfw60 ( refurbishment ) standards .
the city is known for this world heritage buildings : the place stanislas ( xviii° ) which was opened april 2005 by jacques chirac after refurbishment .
1995 was the scence of the full refurbishment of the original building , which was built in 1927 , including the addition of a computer suite , dark room , a new general office , improved classroom , a conference room , the heritage room and an upgraded canteen and dining area .
following the latest refurbishment , it was renamed the " bryan mace grandstand " , in honour of the frankston football club stalwart and general manager .
the refurbishment completely replaced the pilehead crossbeams , deck support longitudinal beams and handrails with selective replacement and reinforcement of components of each of the 27 pile bents .
the store underwent a £ 24 million refurbishment in 2007 , celebrating 300 years of existence .
the summer of 2007 saw the refurbishment of the middle floor , with the executive officers residing there , as well as sin radio , a student union shop and wifi lounge
low newton accommodated both male and female young persons and adult women until september 1998 , when a re - role refurbishment programme commenced .
with delays in the overhaul and refurbishment of all the intercity rail passenger services , the southerner suffered most .
at the latest refurbishment of the square , conducted by city architect otto käszner in 1993 , an ocgonal podium was made at the where the scaffold used to be and the footprint of the former city hall was marked in the paving with a paler stone .
shelfield sports and community college changed its title to shelfield community academy in january 2009 , and are now undergoing more refurbishment .
this grade one listed building was built in 1897 and designed by welsh architect , william frame , who also worked on the refurbishment of cardiff castle and castell coch .
though auctioned as little more than scrap material , upon refurbishment the boat was rechristened the " belle of louisville " , and still ( as of 2007 ) carries passengers yearly as one of the most recognizable symbols of the city of louisville , kentucky .
for years the station 's platform buildings were encased in scaffolding ( to hold the structure up ) and the whole station was in a sorry state : eventually refurbishment was completed in 2004 .
from 2006 - 09 the collection was closed to the public while the premises underwent a major refurbishment and rearrangement .
since then the number of students at the school has grown , and in 2010 it received a major refurbishment , including a new dining hall and a major auditorium to support its performing arts status .
by the mid 1990s it was decided that " qe2 " was due for a new look and in 1994 the ship was given a multi million pound refurbishment in hamburg code named project lifestyle .
this closed on 11 january 2007 to be refurbished , and was re - opened on friday 15 june 2007 ; the refurbishment resulted in 9 state of the art screens with stadium seating , including a premium " gold class " screen housing luxury reclinable armchair - style seating , and a special screen that would show major sporting , music and gaming events as well as key films .
refurbishment .
again , as part of the major refurbishment scheme of the class 37 locomotives in the 1980s , another freight dedicated fleet of 44 class 37s was created ; the class 37/7 subclass which was identical to the 37/5 subclass except for the addition of a ballast weight to give extra ' pulling power ' when hauling heavy freight trains such as the metals trains in south wales .
pepfar supports training and salaries for personnel ( including clinicians , laboratorians , pharmacists , counselors , medical records staff , outreach workers , peer educators , etc ) , renovation and refurbishment of health care facilities , updated laboratory equipment and distribution systems , logistics and management for drugs and other commodities .
refurbishment of craft and design technology ( cdt ) spaces and behavioural , emotional and social disorder ( besd ) spaces .
while down in lyttelton , she moved an ice plant between wharves to repay part of her refurbishment at the port 's dry dock .
these special compartments were removed during the refurbishment .
the refurbishment largely involves a cosmetic upgrade of the exterior and interior of the cars , with new seating and a major mechanical overhaul .
following this refurbishment kirkgate market was upgraded from a grade ii to a grade i listed building
the next phase of the process will include an environmental assessment , an integrated safety review and an integrated improvement plan that will define the scope , cost and schedule of the refurbishment project .
in 1976 hdh undertook the refurbishment of 16 ex - us navy grumman s-2 g trackers for the royal australian navy .
aragon tower on the pepys estate was sold by lewisham borough to fund regeneration plans for the estate ; the award winning refurbishment into privately owned accommodation was featured in the bbc1 documentary , " the tower " .
the school was to receive refurbishment from 2008 onwards , but due to money issues this has been postponed yet again to a later date . in 2009
he was also behind the refurbishment of the royal theatre and grand theatre .
the swimming pool re - opened after a major refurbishment in march 2009 and the refurbished playhouse re - opened in september 2009 .
refurbishment as floating dormitory .
a recent up turn in the glaswegian housing market has seen partick increasingly become a desirable location and refurbishment and new housing programmes within the area have helped further this process .
³ capacity reduced due to mcg refurbishment .
a summer 2007 refurbishment of the green room at the white house retained vason jones drapery and cornice design .
in may 2001 gordon began the refurbishment of the 5inch grubb telescope housed in the thomas king observatory .
previously a guest - accessible feature of the island , fort wilderness was closed after the island re - opened from a refurbishment in 2003 .
the most recent refurbishment took place in 2004 .
options included continuing with the refurbishment and using the trains on a double daily service ( both overnight and daylight ) to improve utilisation and enabling the train 's externally similarly - styled daytime equivalent , " silver fern " railcars , to be redeployed on other routes .
major refurbishment and construction works have been carried out at the site , in two phases .
in 2004 , it was decided by the scottish executive that that eight local schools , including denny high school , would be given the chance of rebuilding or refurbishment .
specialist science status was awarded in 2005 , which resulted in refurbishment of the science block .
following refurbishment during the winter , " hindenburg " set out on her first flight to north america for the 1937 season ( she had already made one return trip to south america in 1937 ) on 3 may , bound for new york .
this redevelopment was accompanied by construction of a 20-storey residential development at the southern end of the complex , and refurbishment of the existing housing estates on the roof of the main shopping area .
in 1997 a programme for urban refurbishment ( danish : byfornyelse ) of the area was commenced .
" if it takes you home " is a 2006 download and limited edition 7 " single , free for fans of idlewild who registered to their internet fanbase before the refurbishment of their website .
the ulrichsheide open - air swimming pool was reopened in 1995 after refurbishment .
present day refurbishment and recent development on the graveyard which surrounds the site of the old monastery has brought to light the fact that a high cross once stood , there with the unearthing of various cross fragments and sculpted figures with a substantial cross base known locally as the wart well .
at present around 13% of new buildings and 2% of refurbishment projects are minergie certified .
³unit e44 ( cars 144 - 244 - 444 ) did n't undergo refurbishment , and # 144 is now kept at the tai po railway museum for display .
the cathedral square was founded as late as 19th century , during the reconstruction and refurbishment of the cathedral .
in 1997 in committee kaufman criticised the then chief executive of the royal opera house mary allen over her inability to account for cost over - runs of a costly lottery funded refurbishment of the venue that would result in both fewer seats and the costly cancellation of scheduled performances , and condemned her low public standards – an event that contributed to her tendering her resignation .
in 2004 , the vessel completed a $ 1 + million refurbishment that will extend the in - service life of the vessel by approximately 30 years .
refurbishment .
they attended mass at the chapel in tusmore until the fermors closed it for refurbishment in 1768 .
out of the many buildings on the site , two of the largest were selected for refurbishment , and along with the newer buildings , the campus finally opened in 1998 , known as the " grove park " campus which handles various qualifications including gcses , national diplomas and a levels .
the purchase was complete by 1 october 1980 and a refurbishment , achieved partly through voluntary effort , was begun .
both churches saw renovations , with new carpeting , sanctuary appointments , pew refurbishment and complete repainting in 1982 .
as noted above , lack of investment and poor original design and the high levels of maintenance necessary meant that refurbishment was not the preferred option .
the club planned £ 1.3 million worth of restructuring and refurbishment work on the main stand , which contains hospitality areas and offices , during the 2009 closed season .
during the administration of theodore roosevelt this room was greatly simplified as a part of an overall refurbishment of the house directed by charles follen mckim . victorian decoration was removed , and the underlying wood floor was exposed .
the canteen was also refurbished in early 2009 and is now run by the p&c. the most recent change has been the complete refurbishment of the library and science area .
in 1997 and again in 1999 , parts of the hospital site were sold off for development , to raise funds for the refurbishment of the remaining facilities .
the bridge was repaired in 1871 and 1905 , with a major refurbishment programme undertaken between 1996 and 1998 partially funded by the european union .
established in 1766 , the pub is noted for the quality of the traditional irish pub interior ( grade a listed ) , which has remained largely unchanged over the years ( the last major refurbishment taking place in the mid-19th century ) .
in 2007 , the local authority - southwark - embarked on a refurbishment scheme of the pullens buildings .
the proposed £ 60 million scheme envisaged the full refurbishment of the whitley bay playhouse and the creation of a cultural hub within the iconic dome on the seafront although an alternative plan for regeneration has been proposed by a group called the culture quarter .
the monument closed in july 2007 for an 18-month , £ 4.5 million refurbishment project and re - opened in february 2009
the viability of the waitotara settlement has recently been challenged by a number of devastating flood events , while the waitotara school has undergone complete refurbishment .
2006/7 refurbishment .
after refurbishment the sub was placed in front of the museum .
before its refurbishment , 18 612 was last used as a heating engine .
the goals of the swiss national infrastructure_and_environment programme call for 20% of new construction and 5 - 10% of refurbishment projects to be minergie certified .
okayama - based ef64 - 1021 has also been withdrawn , but the ef64 - 1000s are expected to remain in service for many years yet following life - extension refurbishment .
southwark council stated that it had recently spent £ 3,500,000 on refurbishment to meet current fire safety standards .
an anglican group ( city outreach for renewal and evangelism - core ) took on the refurbishment of the church in 1993 , and the interior was largely restored by the end of 1998 .
the station was re - opened on the 11 september 2007 after a short period where it was closed for refurbishment .
the $ 750 million refurbishment project involved reconfiguring the boilers , as well as on - land storage tanks , lorneville pipeline , and some equipment at irving oil 's canaport unloading facility .
as part of the merger of the two arcades in 1998 , extensive refurbishment works were undertaken to increase the aesthetic appeal of the new combined arcades .
the ground has undergone extensive improvement over the last 5 years , including a full refurbishment of the clubhouse .
the museum , which reopened in 2002 following major refurbishment , traces the social and economic history of melton and includes exhibitions on the town ’s world - renowned stilton cheese and pork pie industries and accounts of the arguments for and against fox hunting .
in october 2006 the museum closed its doors until 2009 , to allow for the refurbishment work .
the refurbishment process involved altering the fibreglass facade on the exterior ends to modernise their appearance , as well as the installation of the advanced digital voice announcement ( dva ) and passenger information systems .
this would have not only the sentimental value of bringing the old light back to life , but would save the coast guard a considerable sum , as the steel towers were in need of expensive refurbishment if not replacement .
the original franchise holder , gner , undertook a major refurbishment of its rolling stock from 2003 , which it titled " project " mallard " .
2010 refurbishment .
with the approval of $ 8.2 m of government funding , a major refurbishment began in january 2006 , with most major work completed by early 2008 .
the vienna city council acquired the facility in 1987 , and initiated a total refurbishment that lasted from 1989 to 1995 when it was reopened to the public under the direction of the folk high school ottakring as an institution for public eduction , a " volkssternwarte " .
however , buses withdrawn for refurbishment are included , as are those in the reserve fleet .
the bridge was closed to all traffic on 15 february 2010 for refurbishment and to strengthen the bridge .
it is expected that the current fpso will be returned to dry dock for refurbishment or a new fpso will be built to replace the current fpso within the next 5 to 6 years in order to continue production from the field .
the original london transport concept for the routemaster included the intentional routine overhaul and refurbishment of the routemaster fleet at london transport 's aldenham works , usually every 5 years .
the huddersfield narrow canal , which had been culverted in the early 1970s , was reinstated to the town centre between 1999 and may 2001 as part of a two year , multi - million pound refurbishment .
the structure and interior of the station remained largely unchanged until 2001 , when extensive refurbishment work took place .
by december 1966 , all the 36th tfw thuds had been ferried stateside for combat crew training duties at mcconnell afb , kansas , or on to warfighting glory in sea after stateside refurbishment .
this does impact on future development of the village and will restrict householders general permitted development rights , however , it will give protection from what some see as architecturally misguided refurbishment and extension of the cottages which has been happening since the turn of the millennium .
this project included the refurbishment of the interiors of the units and the painting of the exterior in the new maxx colour scheme .
the refurbishment began in 2006 with the first set being released in january 2007 , the programme was completed in february 2008 , two months late .
until closure for refurbishment in 2009 the gallery was known for its collection of works by local artists including thomas sidney cooper and his relatives thomas george cooper and william sidney cooper .
a refurbishment of the museum was completed on 17 march 2004 , enlarging the floor area to display a wider sample of the entire collection .
the airport is currently undergoing refurbishment .
scott 's refurbishment .
in 2003 , during a major refurbishment , six skeletons were found beneath the floorboards of the church .
the refurbishment of the oxford street flagship follows on from substantial investment made in other shops across the group over recent years .
give a life has channeled nearly php 92 million towards antibiotics , cancer therapy drugs , and the refurbishment and upgrading of a number of charity pediatric wards .
the station also underwent a refurbishment with new tiling in the green , blue , black and white tiling scheme used for the reconstruction and extension to morden of the city and south london railway ( now the northern line ) also designed by holden and opened between 1924 and 1926 .
the refurbishment also created a new bar and increased the capacity from 2100 to 2350 .
in autumn 2007 the section was freed up and in 2008 a refurbishment plan was to be produced .
since it 's construction arena mexico had been hosting boxing shows on a regular basis and following the refurbishment for the olympic games arena méxico several major boxing events have been held at arena mexico , hosting several world title bouts .
after its refurbishment the venue now houses six bars and two smoking areas .
in january 2010 , one of the first announcements by the new minister for public transport was that the government was investigating the refurbishment of the abandoned spaces for ' cultural uses ' .
further renovations are scheduled to begin in the summer of 2007 , projects are expected to include the reopening of the balcony , new seating , a new stage floor , a new sound system and refurbishment of the house .
refurbishment .
the original murals were painted over in the 1950s during the building 's first refurbishment .
in december 2003 , plans were unveiled for £ 8million worth of major refurbishment work to bring it in line with premier league requirements .
other recent developments include the increased provision of ict facilities , refurbishment of dated boarding accommodation , new teaching facilities and the new sports hall ( opened 2003 ) .
however , following a multi - million pound refurbishment and upgrade of the entire park including the cricketing facilities , derbyshire returned by taking on worcestershire in a county championship division two game between 26 and 29 july .
the new facility underwent refurbishment providing galley , changing rooms , toilets , showers , offices , classrooms and conference facilities .
in 2005 the company began trading in london as a one stop shop home refurbishment company .
in 2000 , production manager scott burke initiated a major refurbishment of the venue 's sound system .
during the refurbishment , the tta beamway was enhanced with new led lighting that moves in time with the
it underwent a major refurbishment in the 1980s which significantly altered the building 's external features .
scaffolding has been erected around devonshire house to prepare the building for an extensive refurbishment .
in 1995 for the 50th anniversary of the avro canada cf100 the a.h.f.c. raised monies for the refurbishment of a cf100 mounted on a pedestal at derry road next to the orenda plant in malton ontario .
building restoration describes the process of the renewal and refurbishment of the fabric of a building .
towards the end of this period the first phase of a national archives refurbishment project began .
originally the sets were built to run at 270 km / h ( 168 mph ) but most were upgraded to 300 km / h ( 186 mph ) during mid - life refurbishment in preparation for the opening of the lgv méditerranée .
the $ 2 million ( aud ) refurbishment won the royal australian institute of architects ( wa chapter ) ' architecture design award for renovated buildings ' in 1986 .
many projects are already underway , with a $ 20 million refurbishment to the pullen library complex completed during the 2006 - 07 school year .
