this is the former statewide police department for the commonwealth of massachusetts , which was founded in 1865 ; the m.d.c. police , registry of motor vehicles police , and capitol police merged with this department to form the new department of state police in 1992 ( did not have to go through in - service training since the other agencies were merging with this one ) .
general enquiries & registry : " registrar " : dr. awosusi , o. o. ph .
the nco became the organizing principle of a new kinship system based on " comparaggio " , first cousins and allied kin , which was formally written into the municipal registry by obliging local bureaucrats .
in 2008 , the film was added to the united states national film registry .
the presiding justice manages the central registry , arbitration office , and clerk 's office .
pagedefrag is a program , developed by sysinternals ( now distributed by microsoft ) , for microsoft windows that runs at start - up to defrag the virtual memory page file and the registry files .
the agency for toxic substances and disease registry was also established by cercla under the federal department of health and human services .
even though it ca n't be disabled on the preferences page , it can be done through editing the windows registry .
ong is recognised as a solemnizer of marriages by the registry of marriages , singapore .
after a brief hiatus , the band released " liferz " on january 27 on the social registry to much media praise .
the care registry is pennsylvania state - licensed .
land registry data suggests that the average house price in harpenden in the 1st quarter of 2006 was £ 500,902 ( against £ 287,277 for st albans district generally , and £ 183,598 nationally ) .
the registry site , as linked on the iana site as of october , 2005 , is in the site of the telecommunications provider onatel .
several other documents can be accepted instead of the identity card , including ( but not limited to ) the driver 's licence , the professional identity card ( for doctors , engineers , dentists , etc ) , the military identity card and the workers registry .
the agency for toxic substances and disease registry has set an acute inhalation minimum risk level ( mrl ) for white phosphorus smoke of 0.02 mg / m³ , the same as fuel oil fumes .
regional internet registry .
in 1998 , the film was deemed " culturally , historically or aesthetically significant " by the library of congress and selected for preservation in the united states national film registry .
in 1879 , " la gloire " was delisted from the french fleet registry and scrapped in 1883 .
the way to advance out of the appendix into the tentative registry was to qualify on performance grounds and pass a conformation examination conducted by the aqha .
cost - effectiveness analysis registry .
the company is still legally incorporated and files annual returns with the nova scotia registry of joint stock ; its headquarters are now in calgary , alberta .
alliance ships have the registry prefix iav ( interstellar alliance vessel ) .
domain name registry service .
it also waived some license fees and extended registry deadlines for long gun owners ..
other details contained in their registry form are whether the person had children , if they had known drug issues and whether they were homeless or institutionalized at the time of disappearance .
she is a recorder , a deputy district judge of the principal registry of the family division of the high court and a fellow and committee member of the international academy of matrimonial lawyers ( " iaml " ) , a worldwide association of family lawyers who are recognised by their peers as the most experienced and expert family law specialists in their respective countries .
since about 2001 , most gtld registries have adopted this so - called " thick " registry approach , i.e. keeping the whois data in central registries instead of registrar databases .
it also was included by the national recording preservation board in the library of congress ' national recording registry in 2003 .
hinton 's complete downtown was placed on the national registry of historic places in 1984 .
as mentioned above , the robocall privacy act failed to become law and neither bill had provisions for a ' do not call registry ' for stopping robocalls .
the web - based registry contains immunization records for all children in alaska and it allows medical professionals throughout the state to access the those records .
during icann meeting no . 35 ( 21 - 26th of june 2009 ) in sydney.aeda representitves metioned that aeda 's epp - based registry system is fully compatible with idn protocols and guidelines .
canadian organ replacement registry .
the climate registry 's board of directors is made up of 39 states of the usa , 13 provinces / territories of canada , six states of mexico , and three native soverign nations .
he married to priscilla birlison in 1880 in a newcastle registry office , and they gave birth to their son walter the following year .
since it also failed to secure the 2.0% of the total votes the party lost its registry as a political party .
the suffix indicator is used in iec 11179 metadata registry standard as a representation term .
on february 28 , 2006 , icann 's board approved a settlement with verisign in the lawsuit resulting from sitefinder that involved allowing verisign ( the registry ) to raise its registration fees by up to 7% a year .
in 2007 , " oklahoma ! " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
devon canada , part of devon energy corporation , holds the voluntary challenge & registry ( vcr ) gold champion level reporting status for implementing and reporting greenhouse gas reduction initiatives to the vcr .
it housed a boys ' school in the 19th century and is now the civil registry office of bern ; all civil marriages in the city are officiated in the palace 's richly decorated great salon .
parents choose their child ’s name , which must be recorded to the " registro civil " ( civil registry ) to establish his or her legal identity .
although currently only just over half of the landmass of england and wales is registered , the land registry 's aim is that all marketable property will be registered by 2012 .
in 2008 , " the pawnbroker " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
in 1959 , during his command , armed forces tumour registry was started .
the bell can be disabled on windows systems either through a registry or configuration file change , or through an application such as microsoft powertoys .
by city 's registry estimation , from mid-2005 , petrovaradin town had 15,266 inhabitants .
in 1989 , " singin ' in the rain " was also deemed " culturally , historically or aesthetically significant " by the united states library of congress and selected for preservation in the national film registry .
records show borrower ’s names in the registry and a small number are identified as “ colored ” .
he supported the chrétien government 's decision to create a national sex offender registry in 2002 , but criticized the government for not making the bill retroactive to include the names of previously convicted offenders .
the objectives are to teach conservation and restoration skills , to teach the exploration of uses for heritage buildings to ensure their preservation , to teach the art of recording and salvaging elements of heritage buildings which are slated for demolition , to teach the exploration of heritage preservation programmes and organizations , and to explore the establishment of a national trust and a national registry for heritage buildings , to market these skills in the community , to enhance employment opportunities and establish a skills base for others , to restore historic sites , to provide a model for similar “ schools ” , to promote public interest in restoration and conservation , to identify sources of sympathetic materials available for restoration and conservation needs .
in 2002 , it was one of 50 recordings chosen that year by the library of congress to be added to the national recording registry .
if the policy is " disabled " or set to " not configured " , group policy deletes this entry from the registry .
renamed " nahant " and given the registry number " sp-1250 " , she was placed in commission at the beginning of december 1917 .
about seventy - five people met on march 15 , 1940 to talk over the proposals , with the eventual decision being to form a non - profit stock holding association in texas to be the registry .
in 1987 , then bell gardens city councilwoman letha viles began working to get the house listed on the state historical registry , making it eligible for maintenance grants .
pronom is a web - based technical registry to support digital preservation services , developed by the national archives of the united kingdom .
registrants of zap xebras received letters from the state 's registry of motor vehicles stating that their license plates had been revoked and their registrations were invalid .
microsoft added " file and registry virtualization " technology as well as application compatibility shims to reduce the number of these legacy applications that trigger uac prompts .
in recent years a research subcommittee was formed to promote research using data from the registry .
first , any potential mark can be deemed " generic " by a trademark registry , that refuses to register it .
the worm modifies a registry key to automatically start itself when the computer is rebooted .
the establishment of new gtlds under this program requires the operation of a domain registry and a demonstration of technical and financial capacity for such operations and the management of registrar relationships .
individuals are identified in the registry by means of a national identification number ( the so - called " kennitala " ) , a number composed of the date of birth in the format ddmmyy and four additional digits , the third of which is a control digit , and the last of which indicates the century in which the person was born ( 9 for the 1900s and 0 for the 2000s ) .
they remain in the official registry of school colors maintained by the american council on education .
the final core component of moby is the web service registry . is aware of the object , namespace and service ontologies , and thus can match consumers who have in - hand moby data , with service providers who claim to consume that data - type ( or some compatible ontological data - type ) or to perform a particular operation on it .
established in 1984 , aca is also considered america 's largest veterinary health tracking canine registry .
the registry reports the value of the ratio reported in the original article , as well as the value calculated directly from the cost and health benefit information in the article .
" no county nor city so far known to provide such a registry "
her port of registry was west hartlepool .
as of november 2009 , there are 46 municipalities in the robek registry .
in 1990 , " it 's a wonderful life " was deemed " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " by the united states library of congress and selected for preservation in their national film registry .
electronic - centered home recording led to a self - released 7-inch , mental violence i , after which the group became fully engaged in the new york music scene , toured the north east and recorded their first record for the social registry , a 12-inch ; mental violence ii .
there is no national or regional registry of water committees or water systems and , unlike in other countries , there are no associations of water committees at the municipal , departmental or national level .
in 1855 , the massachusetts state legislature created a registry of deeds for the northern district of middlesex county in lowell .
where a breed is already recognised by another registry , it is becoming increasingly common to adopt an existing acronym ( with the possible addition or subtraction of a letter ) in order to avoid clashes and confusion .
only in the owner registry listed in the book ( compiled information of the original owner of each saleen vehicle ) did it mention a few select xp8 's .
similarly , cfa institute had lost rights in united kingdom , when uk registry stuck down cfa institutes rights due to the association of charter with royal charters .
security industry registry .
in 1917 , her name was formally entered into the imperial family 's registry .
the registry receives external funding through grants from the national science foundation , the defense advanced research projects agency , and the national institutes of health .
the u.s. navy acquired " kerlew " on 13 november 1918 , two days after the end of world war i , at cardiff , wales , assigned her the naval registry identification number ( id. no . ) 1325 , and commissioned her the same day as uss " kerlew " with lieutenant s. v. kalhauge , usnrf , in command .
religion is encoded on national identity cards and noted on ikhraaj qaid ( official registry ) documents , and the government complies with requests of citizens to change their civil records to reflect their new religious status .
students are notified of such schedules on the weekly bulletin distributed to every " registry " ( homeroom ) students in said registries are with each other throughout their high school career .
in 2007 , " days of heaven " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
" cool hand luke " was included in the united states national film registry in 2005 .
property equivalence is one of the three ways that a metadata registry can store equivalence mappings to other metadata registries .
niven stated that as he was signing the guest registry , his eyes snapped open with amazement when he noticed a full - sized alligator swimming in a small pool located six feet from the reception desk .
although it will be an on - going task to maintain the registry as new species are discovered and described by scientists , worms hopes to have its task of a clean up - to - date record of all marine species completed by 2010 , the year in which the census of marine life will be completed .
the national greyhound association ( nga ) is the primary registry body for racing purebred dog greyhound pedigrees in the united states .
the film has been selected for preservation in the united states national film registry , maintained by the library of congress .
the assistant registrar of quetta registry not to fix cases before
held in malay , speakers included dr maliki osman , parliamentary secretary for national development , and staff members from the registry of marriages .
he improved the civil registry and aided in the foundation of the jesuit college in the city of santa fe de antioquia .
100 laughs and has been selected for preservation in the united states national film registry .
modern breeds of dogs " are refinements of older dog types , bred so that all closely resemble each other , and documented in a stud book kept by a breed club or major dog registry .
chief jack ewatski , president of the cacp , and chief armand labarge , president of the ontario association of police chiefs , stated that police officers across the country search the registry about 18 times per day .
national do not call registry .
in 1999 the film was deemed " culturally significant " by the united states library of congress and selected for preservation in the national film registry .
either way , there were 113,000 transactions in london and the south east recorded by the uk hm land registry in the year to november 2004 , compared with 83,000 in the north , north west and yorkshire and the humber .
simpson 's " country inns and back roads " is now updated in select registry 's annual guidebook , whose 20th edition was printed in 2008 .
dohwa , being older , is unable to participate due to the fact that the contest for martial artists over the age of fifteen had finished its registry already .
the registry included details of their enslavement , escape and service to the british .
the results of this collaborate project will enable the town along with its three historic sites ( janey b. goode archaeological site , brooklyn 's historic cemetery and quinn chapel a.m.e. church ) to begin the process to receive designation on the national registry of historic places .
the problem of evil -- theft -- theocracy -- third party ( civil litigation ) -- third tier -- third - party beneficiary -- thirds -- thirty - day notice -- three strikes law -- three theological virtues -- three - day notice -- tide lands -- time is of the essence -- time served -- timeshare -- tipstaff -- tithe -- title -- title abstract -- title insurance -- title report -- title search -- to wit -- toll -- toll bridge -- toll road -- tontine -- tools of trade -- torah -- torah study -- torrens title -- tort -- tort claims act -- tortfeasor -- tortious -- torture -- tosafists -- tosefta -- total depravity -- totalitarian democracy -- totalitarianism -- totten doctrine -- totten trust -- tracing ( law ) -- tract -- trade -- trade fixture -- trade name -- trade secret -- trade union -- trade - related aspects of intellectual property rights -- trademark -- trademarks registry -- trader -- tragedy of the commons -- transcript -- transfer -- transfer agent -- transfer in contemplation of death -- transfer of shares -- transferred intent -- transparency -- treason -- treasure trove -- treasury security -- treasury stock -- treaty -- treaty of waitangi -- treble damages -- trespass -- trial -- trial by combat -- trial by ordeal -- trial court -- trial de novo -- trial window -- tribunal -- tribute -- trier of fact -- " trinoda necessitas " -- triple net lease -- truancy -- true bill -- trust law -- trust deed -- trust fund -- trust instrument -- trustee -- trustee in bankruptcy -- trustor -- trusts and estates -- truth in lending act -- try title -- turn states ' evidence -- twelve tables -- twinkie defense --
however , due to the extensive breeding with siamese cats that had been used to increase the population , the original type was overwhelmed . cfa , the leading us cat registry , suspended recognition of the burmese as a purebred cat on may 8th , 1947 .
the svchost.exe process itself identifies the services it hosts by checking the registry subkeys named " codice_2 " .
over the years , the song has garnered significant praise and , in 2005 , was voted number 12 by representatives of the music industry and press in " rolling stone " magazine 's 500 greatest songs of all time , and voted number 3 in the webzine pitchfork media 's the song is also among three hundred songs deemed the most important ever recorded by national public radio ( npr ) and was recently selected by the library of congress as one of twenty - five selected recordings to the national recording registry as of march 2007 .
if running on windows nt and the server process codice_24 is running along with the standalone workstation process codice_18 it looks in the registry to determine if the target is either server or workstation .
furthermore , while the registry typically disallows horses with pink skin , it allows american saddlebreds with skin of any color to be registered .
an open stud book is a type of breed registry for animals , particularly horses , wherein animals may be registered even if their parents or earlier ancestors were not previously registered with that particular entity .
sometimes a group of drop registrars often work in confederation to increase their possibility of registering a dropped domain immediately after it is deleted by the registry .
in 1995 , " the day the earth stood still " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry as " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . "
there is no registry for collecting local statistics .
alpacas conceived from artificial insemination are not registerable with the alpaca registry .
the next day , " wilkes " got underway and joined convoy as-4 , nine ships of american , british , norwegian , and dutch registry .
cas registry number .
when this law first came into effect , the ministry of justice declared that all newborn babies must be registered in the " koseki " ( the japanese family registry ) with a name that used only hiragana , katakana or " tōyō kanji " .
cas registry numbers are unique numerical identifiers for chemical elements , compounds , polymers , biological sequences , mixtures and alloys .
although modern charts usually spell the island " mosquito " island , and the land registry of the british virgin islands titles the island as " mosquito " island , richard branson has expressed a preference for " moskito " island , and most of the publicity material relating to his development has used that spelling .
he was based in the sydney registry of the court .
in 2008 , " the terminator " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
chairman of the consultative committee of both houses on tax registry surveillance .
oasis is developing specifications for business process mechanisms , industry standard schemas , registry systems , and schema mechanisms .
in 2001 the united states library of congress deemed the film " culturally significant " , and selected it for preservation in the national film registry .
monaronadona is usually downloaded through a the unigray anti - virus program or certain ads for registry clean fix .
in 2007 , " dance , girl , dance " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " , describing it as arzner 's " most intriguing film " and a " meditation on the disparity between art and commerce .
one major common issue with lsps was that if they were to be removed or unregistered improperly or if the lsp was buggy , it would result in corruption of the winsock catalog in the registry , and the entire tcp / ip stack would break and the computer could no longer access the network .
the navy gave her the section patrol registry sp-44 , but never commissioned her .
it cooperates with canada border services agency , citizenship and immigration canada , rcmp 's missing children 's registry , revenue canada 's international project return , and the department of foreign affairs and international trade .
the international progressive dog breeders ' alliance or ipdba is a dog breed registry based in kentucky in the united states .
as justice minister , she was responsible for implementing new anti - terror and security laws following the september 11 , 2001 attacks in the united states , and administered the implementation of the canadian gun registry , a liberal program criticized for its expense and inefficiency .
directed by john ford , " how green was my valley " is one of the films selected for preservation in the united states national film registry .
if multiple hardware configurations are defined in the registry , the user is prompted at this point to choose one .
on 23 april 2004 , fraser married photographer stavros merjos at gretna registry office .
her port of registry was changed to london .
researchers from all over the world come to the ushmm library and archives and the " benjamin and vladka meed registry of holocaust survivors " .
the métis nation registry ; the mno electoral code , providing for province - wide ballot box elections ; the elected councils for métis women , métis youth and métis veterans ; the mno harvesting policy , and its regime of captains of the hunt ; the mno development corporation and the métis nation of ontario cultural commission are all institutions that have earned the respect that has gained the mno its legitimacy .
a domain name registry , is a database of all domain names registered in a top - level domain .
chuck jones , tex avery , friz freleng and mel blanc ( providing voices for many popular characters ) , were instrumental in these and many other animated shorts continued popularity . " what 's opera , doc ? " , " duck amuck " , and " one froggy evening " garnered critical enough appeal to be inducted into the national film registry .
some regulations require that one of the parties reside in the locality of the registry office .
in 1992 , this film was selected for preservation in the national film registry by the united states library of congress as being deemed " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
this registry is for families who have not been able to register their missing loved ones in any official lists .
the icann whois gives two official registry sites , at nic.mp and get.mp . " .mp " domains currently cost $ 20 per year .
to find your local probate registry see
the registry is also modified so the software runs at system startup .
( the definition of marriage is a federal jurisdiction in canada , but the provinces have authority over civil status , including the registry of marriage . )
in august 2006 , it was reported that the.cm registry had set up a wildcard dns record , so that all unregistered domains in this top - level domain go to a parking page with paid search links .
in 2006 land registry and cadaster information system ( takbi̇s ) was selected as the ” most successful e - government project in turkey ” in the ” e - tr congress and prize ceremony , organized by tusi̇ad and
he fulfilled his loyalty to katharine when they married on 25 june 1891 in steyning registry office , west sussex , after parnell had unsuccessfully sought a church wedding .
jones ' 1957 classic , " what 's opera , doc ? " , features bugs and elmer parodying wagner 's " der ring des nibelungen " , and has been deemed " culturally significant " by the united states library of congress and selected for preservation in the national film registry .
the bajamonti family has been mentioned for the first time in split registry books at the beginning of the 18th century ( 1704 ) as owners of a very rich library collection .
the italian penninsula , during the course of the fourteenth - century , was the site of a development of two new forms of book production : the deluxe registry book and the zibaldone ( or hodgepodge book ) .
the village has its own birth registry office and police force covering the municipality .
zinaps will also edit the windows registry so that it will run when windows starts .
the spyware typically will link itself from each location in the registry that allows execution .
each table is manned by five people ( " vocales de mesa " ) from the same registry .
oscar leser and others filed suit against the state board of registry , as they were authorized to do so under maryland law , to have the women 's voter registrations invalidated .
in 2008 , " in cold blood " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
in 1992 " the big parade " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
eprints maintains a registry of oa repository material archiving policies ( roarmap ) .
the party has also proposed a mandatory national gas barbecue registry , a guaranteed weekly orgasm , the renaming of canada to nantucket and the creation of an army of clowns to travel the world promoting peace and laughter .
concerns over the electoral registry .
redemptus valabek , o.carm , have lamented that there is no longer a central registry of names of people enrolled in the confraternity , and called for a return to the practice and renewed awareness of the scapular 's connection to the carmelite community and its spirituality .
the registry was live on 10 august 2006 with 1.5 million species entered .
several large studies from the national health registry in denmark found implant recipients no more likely to be diagnosed with an increased incidence of classic auto - immune symptoms as compared to women of the same age in the general population , and that musculoskeletal symptoms were generally lower among women with implants compared with women with other cosmetic surgery and women in the general population .
however , guild members were limited to producing whatever their guild registry delegated them to .
it is registered in the central registry at the ministry of justice of bulgaria .
the national registry of historic places listed burro flats painted cave is located within the santa susana field laboratory , on a portion of the site owned by the u.s. government .
in 1772 , a presbytery - chapel was completed , and the registry of the parish of saint - mathieu - de - belœil , was opened .
it can check for specific windows registry settings as well .
if they take up this option , they will be posted to other branches of the singapore legal service , for example as deputy public prosecutors at the attorney 's general chambers or as assistant registrars in the supreme court registry .
it is also recognised by various minor kennel clubs and internet based dog registry businesses , and promoted as a rare breed for those seeking a unique pet .
sims ( " smartmatic identity management solutions " ) enables government agencies to manage people 's biographic and biometric information securely , from voter registration to civil registry , from immigration control to national identity projects .
on 12 november , the panamian registry merchantman ss " buchanan " was torpedoed by " u-224 " .
meed registry of jewish holocaust survivors .
the western film is considered an american classic and was # 33 on american film institute 's 100 years , 100 movies , and has been selected for preservation in the united states national film registry .
founded in late 1990 by tim cronin as the " saleen mustang car club of north america and saleen registry " ( smccna ) .
celle 's history is intertwined with the history of the hanoverian horse breed , but the breed registry is privately owned and is an entity independent of the stud .
the main setting of the novel is the central registry of births , marriages and deaths of some ambiguous and unnamed city .
although the registry entry is named " autorun " , it only suppresses the mcn message .
the donor sibling registry is a website and non - profit us organization serving donor offspring , sperm donors , egg donors and other donor conceived people .
based in fort worth , texas , the organization was founded in 1964 to serve as a registry for the longhorn breed .
her port of registry was changed to piraeus .
on june 2 , 2009 , the public interest registry signed the.org zone .
the dog was then registered under a new breed registry , thus making horand von grafrath the first german shepherd dog .
" west neris " had been built for the united states maritime commission ( usmc ) , and operated by the united states shipping board ( ussb ) , her port of registry being new orleans .
the head money for the capture of " hirondelle " , long in dispute with the officers and company of " havick " , was finally deposited in the registry of the high court of admiralty on 26 october 1818 .
in some agricultural breeds , an otherwise closed registry includes a " grading up " route for the incorporation of cross - bred animals .
tombo ( registry ) .
registry cleaner .
the beekman fire police are full empowered peace officers in the state of new york , pursuant to section 209-c of the general municipal law ( gml ) and are registered through the central state registry of peace officers .
the film has been deemed " culturally significant " by the library of congress and selected for preservation in the united states national film registry .
in 1983 the land registry took over part of the site .
herndon is part of the dulles technology corridor , which fortune magazine named the " netplex " because of the presence of the headquarters of such companies as aol , verizon business ( formerly mci , formerly worldcom , originally uunet ) , and network solutions , which began as the internic — the registry where every domain name was once administered .
assigned the naval registry identification number ( id .
the racial office of the nazi party had produced a registry called the " deutsche volksliste " in 1939 , but this was only one of the precursors of himmler 's final version .
the beilstein database is one of the largest databases in the field of organic chemistry , in which compounds are uniquely identified by their beilstein registry number .
.ae domain administration ( aeda ) is the regulatory body and registry operator for the.ae domain , which is the country - code top - level domain for the united arab emirates .
in 1987 it was also listed on the state registry .
the national registry of emergency medical technicians ( nremt ) is a private organization which offers certification exams based on nhtsa education guidelines .
as part of the series " put your money where your mouth is , " alexander bought her family a new home for £ 1.2million , where she had n't viewed the property ( more than looking through the letter box ) ; had a structural survey undertaken ; checked the land registry ; and had to change the usage from five flats .
according to armenian registry of the armenian churches of tbilisi , the place was presented by bejan bek and the church was built by gabriel kamoyan .
1877 daijō - kan order to exclude takeshima ( ulleungdo ) and another island from japanese national land registry .
auxiliary police officers are certified by nys division of criminal justice services ( dcjs ) as " part time peace officers without firearms training " and are registered as peace officers in the nys dcjs registry of peace officers .
the panel also advised creation of a registry and a certification program for physicians who implant the device .
the aeroplane was a canadian pacific airlines dc-3 aircraft ( registry cf - cua s / n : 4518 ) flying from montreal to baie - comeau with a stopover at l'ancienne - lorette , a suburb of quebec city ; it was at quebec city that rita morel ( mme guay ) and the bomb boarded the plane .
initially numbers listed on the registry were due to be kept for five years but will now remain on it permanently due to the do - not - call improvement act of 2007 , which became law in february 2008 .
global name registry .
michigan children ’s protection registry act .
in 1995 , " the band wagon " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
among other things , the report called for the creation of an oversight council to monitor ontario 's chief coroner and chief forensic pathologist , the creation of a public complaints committee , and a provincial registry of pathologists .
borotsik opposed the canadian gun registry , which he described as unworkable .
an hta runs as a fully trusted application and therefore has more privileges than a normal html file — for example an hta can create / edit / remove files and registry entries .
the policy of the conservative government has been to work for the abolition of the long - gun registry within the constraints of a minority government while introducing certain measures ( such as a waiver on licence renewal fees and an amnesty for those who may possess unregistered non - restricted firearms with a licence or recently expired licence ) to ease the burdens on law abiding firearms owners .
according to the jūminhyō ( registry of current residential addresses and figures ) in 2008 , 149,139 people are living in minami - ku .
the registry , however , does offer free unlimited lookups for legitimate users through the free extensive whois access program .
sil international now uses iso 639 - 3 language codes ( and is acting as the registration authority for maintaining and publishing its associated registry ) including in its most recent release of " the ethnologue " report .
a new entity called.ae domain administration ( .ae da ) has been formed to take care of management and operations of.ae based on latest dns and domain registry technologies .
any malaysian citizens above 21 years old must register in the voters ' registry with the election commission via any offices affiliated with the election commission , post offices with computerised facilities or specified counters , before he or she could vote in elections .
the registry of standard biological parts is a collection of genetic parts that are used in the assembly of systems and devices in synthetic biology .
he claimed to have converted in israel and then filed a lawsuit for changing his religion from islam to judaism in his registry records and id .
perot himself used the spelling " pérot " in scientific publications , but according to the french civil registry , his family name was " perot " , without accent .
currently , the registry is in belize , but is still marketing the domain outside the country as " meaning business " .
is a suite of frameworks that provide object - oriented load balancing , failover , object - discovery and registry services .
icord will house an old information network designed to track and record " best practices " in spinal cord treatment across the country and internationally , as well as the rick hansen spinal cord injury registry , allowing doctors and experts across the country to share vital information on what works and what does n't for specific kinds of spinal cord injuries .
the companies are included in the iosa registry for a period of 2 years following an audit carried out by an organization accredited by iata .
other terms of relevance are khasra no , khevat , kilabandi , jamabandi , registry , murabba , patti , fard , mushtarka , chhijraa , degree , decree , takseem , halfia bayaan , mutation , intkaal , wakf board , haq shufa , muzaira , vasiyat , theka
this is a virtue both of the inherent uniqueness of the identifier , and of its binding to a definitive description of the representation information in a registry such as pronom .
in 2000 , " love finds andy hardy " was selected for preservation in the united states national film registry by the library of congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
in 1995 it was added by the librarian of congress to the national film registry .
in 2005 it was selected for permanent preservation in the national recording registry at the library of congress .
its original goal was to establish a registry of all twins born in minnesota from 1936 to 1955 to be used for psychological research .
in 1999 , neimanmarcus.com , and the store 's online gift registry , debuted under the control of neiman marcus group 's neiman marcus direct division .
the breed registry studbook was founded in 1895 , and around 1896 , the marbach stud began concentrating on the original württemberger type , which was a multi - purpose horse used for both draft and under - saddle work .
his home in shady , new york , which served as a catskills museum , library , and archive , has been listed on the state registry of historic places .
the first flash gordon serial has the honor of having been selected for preservation in the united states national film registry .
in 1963 , 101 years after the registry started , it registered its two millionth title .
the american registry of radiologic technologists certification ( or board ) exam is the gold standard in the united states .
the breed is also recognized by a number of minor registries , hunting clubs , and internet - based dog registry businesses , and promoted as a rare breed for those seeking a unique pet .
supporters of keeping the gun registry cited that better gun controls would prevent events such as the dawson college shooting in 2006 and the ecole polytechnique massacre in 1989 .
the registry file is reg.dat , system.dat and is stored in the c:\windows directory .
both were chartered by government owned irish shipping limited and managed by the " limerick steamship company " , with their port of registry changed to dublin .
while some of them were mobilised and lost at sea during world war ii , haren remains a notable port of registry for german ships .
wicell is the owner of six stem cell lines are listed on the national institute of health 's stem cell registry , which makes them available for federal funding .
the perth registry is located at 500 hay street , perth .
the onecare safety scanner team have been actively solving these problems , many of them registry - related .
registration in the national registry known as the dawes rolls has come to be critical in issues of indian citizenship and land claims .
arabian horses from the rest of the world followed , and today the australian arabian horse registry is the second largest in the world , next to that of the united states .
since windows nt there has been a registry entry codice_1 , but this feature is not supported or fully implemented yet ( including vista ) , so it is not possible to run the real - time clock on coordinated universal time , which may be desirable to , for example , avoid problems with multi - boot environments or disk images and daylight saving time , because windows changes the real - time clock when switching to or from daylight saving time .
" no county nor city so far known to provide such a registry "
the institute keep a registry of all the classified sites and issues legally - binding opinions regarding any works on them .
her port of registry was oslo and the code letters llmt were allocated .
other than the judges , the court also included a registrar and his secretariat , the registry .
when consumers buy a product made by a manufacturer participating in the scheme , they are able to query the pedigree information stored in the registry by means of a free sms message .
