winchell relates stories that segue into scenes from three stooges short subjects with the film concluding with a loud party that is footage from " half - wits holiday " .
if the bill relates to non - contentious business , the client may ask the solicitor to obtain a remuneration certificate from the law society .
" black mass " also relates bulger 's involvement in the attempted smuggling of ak-47s to the provisional ira .
its social , economic and cultural significance relates to ancient ties with tibet .
the name of lolodorf is german in origin , and relates to the name of a notable of bikoui village , loule - dorf .
aaron demsky ( demsky 1997 ) reads the name as"ptnyh " and relates it to the title " potnia " ( " mistress " ) that was applied to the great goddess of the aegean , in her various local manifestations , which include mycenaean sites .
the short book consists of a single chapter and relates enos 's conversion after praying all day and all night , and his subsequent dialogue with the lord .
the name rusty eye relates to the " corrosion of perception " .
tzimtzum only relates to the ohr ein sof ( " infinite light " ) , not the ein sof ( divine essence ) itself .
" the last and best of the peter pans " relates the story of vincent 's ( d.b. ) draft questionnaire being hidden by his mother .
at the battle of carn conaill , the uí liatháin are listed among the munster allies of guaire aidne mac colmáin , a mention dismissed by byrne , but discussed at length by seán ó coileáin , who relates it to the cycle of mór muman and ruithchern .
grips are also responsible for safety on the set as it relates to the force of gravity .
the center also promotes byzantine and neo - hellenic scholarship and publications ; and relates academic research and teaching to the needs of the greek community in queens and beyond .
drawing from her own knowledge and various literary sources from the period of colonisation , she relates that yankalilla comes from the words " yerkandi " , meaning to fall to , to join onto , much in the way a disease does , and " lya " and " illa " , which means ' place ' .
dionysius relates that the sacrifices consisted of honey - cakes ( ' ) presented by the inhabitants of each house ; and that the people who assisted as ministering servants at the festival were not free men , but slaves , because the lares took pleasure in the service of slaves .
historical background of aska relates to sugar factory of aska which is asia 's 1st sugar factory build by minchin saheb in british time .
he wears a necklace of tulsi - beads , embedded with the legendary " kaustubha " gem , and " makara - kundala " ( fish - shaped earrings ) that the poet - saint tukaram relates to the iconography of vishnu .
this relates to many statements by laozi encouraging rulers to keep their people in " ignorance " , or " simple - minded " .
web colors have an unambiguous colorimetric definition , srgb , which relates the chromaticities of a particular phosphor set , a given transfer curve , adaptive whitepoint , and viewing conditions .
the " dang " energy of a sentient being is essentially a mystery , infinite , spacious and formless , it relates to the dharmakaya .
he first appears in issue # 3 during the storyline ' gifted ' where he relates to his teacher/ counselor , the x - man kitty pryde , the story of how he broke his legs the first time he tried to land after using his powers of flight .
the story relates the tragic love story between maría and her cousin efraín , both natives of valle del cauca .
the film relates the love story of veer and pakistani woman zaara haayat khan , played by preity zinta .
barnes relates that he would never forget the look in earles ' eyes when he was watching ake .
its more general theme relates to temptation and mortal pleasures .
there is a ' house ' system in place , which mainly relates to internal sports .
this information is recorded on a datasheet along with readings of wind speed , weather and depth as it relates to oceanic charts .
pump mounted driver : relates to thermal failures .
a frequent question is how the homology of the fiber product " ef " , relates to the ones of " b " , " x " and " e " .
indulis was the name of the hero of the legend of indulis and ārija , the latvian romeo and juliet , set in the 13th century during the german conquest , which relates the tragic love of indulis , a curonian chieftain , and ārija , daughter of a german military commander .
the movie relates the story of a young man 's rise in the criminal underworld in prohibition - era urban america .
the story relates how one day cornelia africana , their mother ( daughter of publius cornelius scipio africanus ) , was pestered by a lady guest that was showing off her elegant jewellery .
the rapper relates his feelings about the current state of the world including his views on poverty and aids .
later , the suffix " in - makerfield " was added , which relates the name of an old district of which ashton was a part ; makerfield derives from the celtic for a wall or ruin and the old english word " feld " , meaning " open land " .
in the book , which was only published in english in 1998 , klumpke tells the story of bonheur 's life and relates how she met bonheur , how they fell in love and how she became her official portraitist and companion .
the provision of the planetary system does not conform to the actual position of planets in the heavens , but follows a chronological trend that relates to the day of the week .
like nofekh and ahlama ( the former name of beit arif ) , the name relates to one of the 12 stones in the hoshen , the sacred breastplate worn by a jewish high priest .
part of the reason for america 's enormous tiger population relates to legislation .
the story he relates to the crowd involves a young boy who comes to houston , while searching for a superman comic book .
at this time seven men were ordained as bishops and sent into the gauls to preach , as the history of the martyrdom of the holy martyr saturninus relates .
the second verse relates to the american dream , and the ideals that hard work can bring a person prosperity .
the other players , their nationalities and the games they played in are as follows ( numbers relate to the first - class games , od relates to the one - day game ) : ian chappell ( australia ) 1 , od ; phil edmonds ( zambian - born englishman ) od , 3 ; gary gilmour ( australia ) 1 , 2 , 3 ; alan hurst ( australia ) 1 , 3 ; martin kent ( australia ) 1 , 2 , 3 ; dennis lillee ( australia ) 2 , 3 ; ashley mallett ( australia ) 1 , od , 2 ; john morrison ( new zealand ) 1 , od , 2 ; glenn turner ( new zealand ) od , 2 , 3 ; derek underwood ( england ) 1 , od , 3 ; max walker ( australia ) od , 2 .
the name relates the constituency to the counties of peebles and selkirk .
burhan ud din gharib studied under nizamuddin auliya , the sultan ul mashaikh of dehli ; and saiad mahomed of karmania relates in the " seyar ul aulia , " that burhanud din was invested with the mantle and cap , the symbols of the kaliphat , in succession to the sultan ul mashaikh .
he remained there while various of his english companions travelled to the other colonies , because he wished to meet some native americans who were interested in quaker ways — though he relates that they had " a great dispute " among themselves about whether to participate in the meeting .
for amortization as it relates to start - up expenses for a new business or activity .
research that relates to pharmacological intervention for cannabis dependency is in its infancy .
it relates the life story of the 10th century king óláfr tryggvason from his upbringing in russia to his death at svöldr .
a third theory relates to deliberate misinformation on the part of the anglo - french team .
this choice , although still arbitrary , relates the partitioning in some way to the electronegativity difference between the corresponding atoms .
note : since 2007 the year relates to when the medal was awarded .
a " dolly varden " hat as it relates to the dress , is usually understood to mean a flat straw hat trimmed with flowers and ribbons , very like the 18th century bergère hat .
while victim facilitation relates to “ victim blaming ” the idea behind victim facilitation is to study the elements that make a victim more accessible or vulnerable to an attack .
now the fluctuation dissipation theorem relates the power spectrum to the imaginary part of the fourier transform
the " suda " states that isaeus instructed him " gratis " , whereas plutarch relates that he received 10,000 drachmas ; and it is further said that isaeus composed for demosthenes the speeches against his guardians , or at least assisted him in the composition .
bull worshiping cults began to form in assyria , egypt , and crete which relates to taurus symbolizing the bull .
robin relates that one sunday on his way to the kirk he met richard brown and robert burns at the redburn gate .
the story of bodie ” , author ella cain relates the story of the epidemic and rosa succumbing to the same illness that had stricken the miners for whom she was caring .
in his book " something so strong " , crowded house biographer chris bourke relates how , on the final day of rehearsals , tickle arrived at the studio with his lawyer to negotiate his " points " , or share of royalties from the album .
another problem relates to the variations within subspecies .
just suppose " ( 1926 ) relates a story of the prince of wales coming to the u.s. and falling in love with an american woman .
the final text considered by zuckermann was a passage in the seder olam that relates the destruction of the second temple to a sabbatical year , an event that is known from secular history to have happened in the summer of 70 ce .
the name is often spelled " huaxteca " , and presumably derives from the nahuatl word " huaxi " [ ˈwaʃi ] ( guaje tree , " leucaena leucocephala " ) , though bernardino de sahagún relates that the name was derived from the name of " cuextécatl " , a nahuatl - speaker who served as guide to the spanish explorers .
' post ' also relates to a marker or ' signpost ' , pointing to a new direction , and even a way to ' post ' his account of the world .
the instructor discusses latitude , longitude , basic geometry as it relates to triangulation and other elements of navigation .
however , to other reviewers , " captain scarlet " is a " camp classic " which , according to bould , relates well to other anderson productions due to a shared depiction of " a utopian future benefitting from world government , high technology , ethnic diversity , and a generally positive sense of americanisation .
local history relates that when the hall was extended in the 18th century , it was built across an ancient right - of - way , a right which at least one dalesman insisted on exercising , by walking through the hall.(ref : " towns and villages of cumbria " , terry marsh , sigma press , 1999 .
this series , which was first published in " le journal de spirou " on november 25 , 1954 , relates the fictional adventures of a scout patrol .
physical assault would come under the category physical - direct - active , whereas obstructionism relates to physical - passive – be it direct or indirect .
the medieval georgian chronicle " history of king vakhtang gorgasali " , attributed to juansher , relates that the prince ( mtavari ) adarnase came to the georgian chosroid ruler archil and asked for land , agreeing in turn to be his vassal .
" boule et bill " relates the homely adventures of seven - year - old boy boule and his dog bill , a cocker spaniel , as well as that of boule 's mother and father and caroline the turtle .
temporal coding refers to temporal precision in the response that does not arise solely from the dynamics of the stimulus , but that nevertheless relates to properties of the stimulus .
needham ( 1956:451 ) refers to " shehu " 射虎 " shooting tigers " ( 1.11 ) , which relates optical illusions with daoist philosophy of perception . "
higher end upper middle class families may also have previous ancestry that often directly relates to the upper classes .
matthew 's gospel relates that an angel dispelled joseph 's distress at discovering mary 's pregnancy , and instructed him to name the child emmanuel ( meaning " god with us " ) , and thus by naming the baby , taking responsibility for him .
an exception to this was johnny ( of " johnny mnemonic " ) , whom she still mourned at the time of " neuromancer " , part of the personal history she relates to its protagonist , case , at length , in addition to the revelation that she worked as a " meat puppet " ( a prostitute ) in a " puppet parlor " ( a brothel where girls loan out their bodies while maintained in an induced trance state ) to pay for her considerable cybernetic enhancements .
the opposing argument to this offered by some muslims is that the said hadith relates to reciting the incantations or
the book also surmises that the naming of the liner after the reigning monarch , in the form queen elizabeth ii , was potentially offensive to some scots , as the title of queen elizabeth ii ( of the united kingdom ) relates to the lineage of the throne of england ( the tudor monarch elizabeth i having reigned only in england ) .
this statement relates what much of the epistemology of positivistic science is based on : isolating singular variables in order to come to a conclusion that is free of context .
the following discussion focuses on " contribution margin ( mean ) per " operating room " hour " in the operating room and how it relates to operating room efficiency .
" sanhedrin 43a " relates the trial and execution of yeshu and his five disciples .
morgan has stated that the hit song relates an incident where the band was subjected to what the record company wanted rather than what the band wanted .
other areas of interest have been the letters of the new testament , especially the letter of james , and the culture of the graeco - roman world as relates to such matters as : religion , spirituality , cultic associations , ethnic sub - groups and their ancient organization , professional societies and the general conditions of the societies in the near east during the time of second temple judaism , the time of jesus and the formation of the bible as we know it .
by far the most important recent amendment socially is the law regulating child - labour , dated the 30th of march 1903 , which relates to establishments having industrial character in the sense of the industrial code .
this legend relates that one day , the witch comba , encountering jesus christ on a galician road , changed her life after christ remarked , “
the english title relates to the production of opium in these remote provinces , far away from the centers of control in lhasa and beijing .
the forfar sodger " relates to the peninsular war ( 1808 - 1856 ) and was recorded as late as 1951 .
the trial of lex wotton relates to the events surrounding the townsville , queensland proceedings in the federal magistrates court concerning the actions taken by palm island aboriginal shire council member lex wotton during the 26 november 2004 palm island riots .
windward 's now undeniable haunting and the ways in which it relates to stella prove to be a complex mystery .
it relates the dedication of a relic of the buddha shakyamuni ( pali : " śakamuni " , literally " master of the shakas " ) to a buddhist monastery by the indo - scythian ( pali : " śaka " ) ruler patika kusulaka , son of liaka kusulaka , satrap of chukhsa , near taxila .
rand corporation . ) , robert shaplen ( far eastern correspondent , new yorker magazine ) and don luce ( former freelance journalist in vietnam ) on u.s. withdrawal policy as it relates to possibilities of a political settlement in vietnam ; value and supervision of south vietnamese elections ; current situation in se asia as a whole and probable immediate and long range consequences of various policy alternatives .
a reply to so much of a sermon by philip dodd as relates to the scruples of the quakers against all swearing .
the resulting novel , " unbranded " , published in 1992 , relates his experiences on the stock routes of the australian outback .
dr v. s. aggarwala also relates the parama kambojas of the trans - pamirs to the rishikas of mahabharata located in the shakadvipa ( or scythia ) .
taking into account altairnano 's increased life expectancy , operational temperature range , and power density the battery relates well to other energy storage technologies .
ammianus relates ( ) that much later the emperor julian undertook a punitive expedition against the alamanni , who by then were in alsace , and crossed the main ( latin " menus " ) , entering the forest , where the trails were blocked by felled trees .
it relates to those who are not participating in the conflict as well as military personnel hors de combat .
this invention relates to a new or improved frame for a motorcycle which comprises two substantially parallel rectangular loops each formed from a single length of tubing , and the ends of the tube forming each loop cross and are welded to each other at the top front corner of the loop , the free ends of the tube which extend beyond the crossing point being welded to the side of an inclined head tube adjacent to the top and bottom thereof .
the buffalo star relates how it never wanted to descend to earth but was pushed out of the gates of heaven by dizhang who took pity on the toiling masses .
the lyrics to the french song " les sucettes " relates to the entendre of lollipops as sexual metaphor .
one family of arguments ( see the following three sections ) relates to the moral status of the embryo — the question of whether the embryo has a right to life , is the sort of being it would be seriously wrong to kill , or in other words is a ' person ' in the moral sense .
the account given by the ancient greek historian herodotus relates that astyages had a dream in which his daughter , mandane , gave birth to a son who would destroy his empire .
mcgregor says that limen - a word that relates to ideas of limits and thresholds - is a meditation on ‘ thresholds of life and death , darkness and light , reality and fantasy’. such borderline territory is akin to that of the work of japanese contemporary conceptual artist tatsuo miyajima , with whom mcgregor has collaborated on the sets .
a second tenet relates to this research ; each discipline must engage in research and follow a discipline - specific model of inquiry .
jeans also helped to discover the rayleigh - jeans law , which relates the energy density of blackbody radiation to the temperature of the emission source .
eric partridge 's " origins " , by contrast , relates it to a reconstructed ie * " kuzdhos " , and also calls attention to the hittite " kun " , " tail " , and suggests cognates among the afro - asiatic languages .
the straightforward application of the term comes from the obvious unification of two separate individual trees , however a more humorous use of the term relates to the suggestive appearance of some natural examples .
yogananda also stated that krishna was referring to kriya yoga when " lord krishna … relates that it was he , in a former incarnation , who communicated the indestructible yoga to an ancient illuminato , vivasvat , who gave it to manu , the great legislator .
in probability theory , the helly – bray theorem relates the weak convergence of cumulative distribution functions to the convergence of expectations of certain measurable functions .
common complaints include sore or tender joints , early fatigue and lack of strength , especially as it relates to drive distance .
this class of games includes any game in which the skill element involved relates to manual dexterity or hand - eye coordination , but excludes the class of video games ( see below ) .
livy relates how after cannae , as the senate ranks were depleted by the deaths of 80 senators in the battle , a proposal was put forward that the vacancies should be filled with leaders of the latin colonies .
i 'm fighting loss and death , which probably relates to the absence of my father in my first years . "
probably before this should come a long passage of " r " ( 1.22–74 ) in which peter speaks of old testament history ( 27–41 ) and then gives an account of the coming of the true prophet , his rejection , passion , and resurrection , and relates the preaching to the gentiles .
jacob snively relates a story that seems oddly to suppress information ; nonetheless , his story bears a strange resemblance .
a report of 1876 relates that " cricket there was secondary to the dinners , and the men were chiefly of an expensive class " .
this is in contrast to the term enstasis which means from standing - within - oneself which relates to contemplation from the perspective of a speculator .
one foundation myth relates to jumong who received barley seeds from two doves sent by his mother after establishing the kingdom of goguryeo .
" this discography relates to solo releases by neil finn only . see split enz discography , crowded house discography and the finn brothers ' discography for other related works . "
strabo relates that " what is now called macedonia was in earlier times called emathia " but since homer , the earliest source considers emathia only a region next to pieria , strabo 's reference should be interpreted in the roman era context of emathia 's name reviving .
the album " voluspa " , released on uk label brille records on 26 april 2010 , is named after the ancient nordic poem " völuspá " which relates the story of the creation of the world and its coming end .
throughout the video their releationship relates to the central idea of the song and throughout the video there are conversations between them back and forth .
in statistics , homogeneity arises in describing the properties of a dataset , or several datasets , and relates to the validity of the often convenient assumption that the statistical properties of any one part of an overall dataset are the same as any other part .
normative institutionalism is sometimes seen as the " original " new institutionalism ; much of the introduction of this article relates to a normative view of institutionalism .
he further relates similar tales of the ashanti that substitute a pile of porridge pestles for the masts .
" plasticity " relates to learning by adding or removing connections , or adding cells .
folk legend relates that king solomon used to imprison monsters inside the 100 m deep crater of the nearby " zendan - e soleyman " " prison of solomon " .
in all hymns composed by the guru for the devotees to sing , the underlying spiritual stream of god ’s oneness is brought out throughout whichever incarnation the hymn relates .
" s"0 is an extrapolated value of " s " , " e " is the dielectric constant of the mixture and " k " is a constant that relates to the dielectric constant of water .
this latter ability relates to spect 's imaging of local metabolism of the brain , in which the patchy loss of cortical metabolism seen in multiple strokes differs clearly from the more even or " smooth " loss of non - occipital cortical brain function typical of alzheimer 's disease .
the score of the " lamentation " is completed in 1930 , adrian summons his friends and guests , and instead of playing the music he relates the story of his infernal contract , and descends into the brain disease which lasts until his death ten years later .
joel kramer ( director , living hope ministries ) relates that his group went to the middle east and central america and talked to experts in archaeology and anthropology .
the introduction to the book relates that ghazali wrote the book in response to a certain king who had asked him for advice .
although the cities inscribed on the column exclude other cities mentioned by herodotus as participating in the war , it is clear that the memorial relates to the great persian war as a whole , not just the battle of plataea .
the bible contains roughly 250 references to the philistines or philistia , and repeatedly refers to them as " uncircumcised " , just like the hamitic peoples , such as canaanites , which the bible relates encountered the israelites following the exodus .
historically within staffordshire , the area is mentioned in the domesday book its name relates to a ford for the king 's swine ( kingswin(e)ford ) - or alternatively " king wynn 's ford " is a possible explanation .
it was dedicated to the nobles of carthage and relates the overthrow of the moors by a john troglita , " magister militum " in 546 .
another project relates to technological implantation of a campus in sidi abdellah , south - east from algiers .
the first part relates loki 's dealings with andvari .
the evidence given in the icc k - factor article relates to the auto - pairing system , where the maximum ratings achieved are seen to be only about 2500 .
in the " prose edda " book " gylfaginning " ( chapter 44 ) , the enthroned figure of third reluctantly relates a tale in which thor and loki are riding in thor 's chariot , pulled by his two goats .
anna comnena relates that when richard crossed the adriatic sea , his ship was attacked and captured by the byzantine fleet , who had mistaken him for a pirate .
the other is on the eastern side of the river and relates to kaldbak .
porky 's wife , maxine ( " but she likes to be called mike , " says porky ) is in the kitchen , preparing a meal for the guest while porky relates the story of what happened to him on an oil rig twenty years before .
the former argument suggests that the infantry was great but did not have very much power and that the anglo - saxons did not carry many strong weapons , but they did have archers as their early literature relates .
brahminical gotra relates directly to the original seven or eight rishis of the vedas .
for example , the marauders chapter in the book of madness is narrated by a corax named johnny gore , who relates his experiences running with the butcher street regulars .
their language relates them distantly to the athapascan people of the alaskan interior and northern canada , as well as to the navajos and apaches of the southwest .
this section relates to attempting , inciting , or aiding or abetting an offence under the official secrets act 1911 or this act .
midora tells ryuk about this , and he relates light 's claim that someone must have strong spiritual strength and conviction to use the death note ; midora simply picked a weakling .
a fine example of this is seen in one of her most famous couplets , " wo tou khushbu hai , hawaon main bikhar jaye ga/ masla phool ka hai , phool kidher jayega ? " [ translation : he is fragrance and would waft in the air/ the trouble lies with the flower - where shall the flower go ? ] where shakir relates ' fragrance ' to an unfaithful lover , ' air ' to the unfaithful 's secret loves , and ' flower ' to the person being cheated .
this especially relates to troy 's occasional homicidal urges .
the talmud relates that the people left the lecture - room of r. chiyya , the darshan , and flocked to hear r. abbahu , the maggid .
the opening anecdote relates francis galton 's surprise that the crowd at a county fair accurately guessed the weight of an ox when their individual guesses were averaged ( the average was closer to the ox 's true butchered weight than the estimates of most crowd members , and also closer than any of the separate estimates made by cattle experts ) .
in " recollections of sheilah graham , " her daughter , wendy fairey , relates , " entering this institution at age six , my mother had her golden hair shaved to the scalp as a precaution against lice .
the second reason is to try to create a more timeless musical style that every generation can sing , a style that relates to the past and the future . "
and so because , as relates , joseph had the merit to bury his father and none of his brothers were greater than he was , so joseph merited the greatest of jews , moses , to attend to his bones , as reported in exodus ( mishnah )
in raymond chandler 's " the big sleep " , philip marlowe relates " i unlocked my desk drawer and got out my office bottle and two pony glasses . "
most australian and new zealand media reporting of " exclusive brethren " relates only to the raven - taylor - hales brethren .
the name meaning " town of the monks " relates to a monastery established here in the 6th century and the remains of teampull chaluim chille can be seen to the south of the village .
however , his piety does not seem to have matched that of his brother ( jean de joinville relates a tale of louis catching him gambling on the voyage from egypt to acre ) and he returned with his brother alphonse in may 1250 .
chynoweth relates the account of the murder of her husband , her brother - in - law and his 8-year - old daughter by her half brothers on 27 june , the 144th anniversary of the death of joseph smith jr ..
he relates a year he spent trying to follow all the rules and guidelines he could find in the bible , which turned out to be more than 700 .
characteristic " p " representation theory , ordinary character theory and structure of " g " , especially as the latter relates to the embedding of , and relationships between , its " p "- subgroups .
it finally relates each human right to the proposals submitted from non - governmental organizations .
this relates to the view that the winemaker acts as more of a nurturer of the grapes and wine rather than as a producer .
one source gives geom 's birthplace as surimseong ( 수림성 , 水臨城 ) , while the samguk sagi ( “ annals of silla”/king munmu 10/month 6 ) relates that he was a native of the walled city of yeongnim ( location unknown ) .
caged bird " , like most autobiographies , begins with angelou 's earliest memories , but she relates events non - chronologically .
for a bar magnet , the direction of the magnetic moment points from the magnet 's south pole to its north pole , and the magnitude relates to how strong and how far apart these poles are .
a third relates to how a problematic situation can be transformed and improved ( transformation knowledge ) .
it relates to the cuckoo , a bird which lays its eggs in another bird 's nest ) .
since newton 's second law relates forces to accelerations of bodies , the forces acting may then be derived from the kinematics by calculating the accelerations of the components .
donald macleod gives several christological implications of a virgin birth : it highlights salvation as a supernatural act of god rather than an act of human initiative , avoids adoptionism ( which is virtually required if a normal birth ) , and reinforces the sinlessness of christ , especially as it relates to christ being outside the sin of adam ( original sin ) .
however , most of the existing research data relates to ketoprofen while the only nsaid currently available for labelled use in the united states is flunixin meglumine , indicated for conditions other than post - operative pain .
one legend relates how and old hag , mal , fell in love with the irish hero , cú chulainn and chased her would - be suiter across ireland .
this concept relates problems faced in inner - city schools as they are in rural and suburban schools .
this model is then used to describe the various levels of anxiety response and how this relates to phobias ( " the truth is , you are not scared of frogs , you are scared of how you will feel if you go near a frog which is a totally different thing " ) , panic states ( " in a panic state , the feared object just is the panic state itself " ) , and hypochondriacal states ( " these people all fear death or disability ... therefore they become anxious , which makes their bodies deviate further from normality , which convinces them they are right to worry " ) .
in the book " killing our own : the disaster of america ’s experience with atomic radiation " , wasserman relates stories about people and animals living near nuclear weapons facilities , mining and waste storage sites , uranium processing plants , and nuclear power reactors .
much of the debate over whether to drill in the 1002 area of anwr rests on the amount of economically recoverable oil , as it relates to world oil markets , weighed against the potential harm oil exploration might have upon the natural wildlife , in particular the calving ground of the porcupine caribou .
the account bristles with grisly humor as it relates how one by one the members of this family of boobies committed suicide over the most trivial losses until at last only snotra and her child survived .
its growing popularity relates to its use of an abundant and readily available often site - available material ( earth ) in a potentially inexpensive building technique that is flexible , and easy to learn and use .
one day she relates to her friends a story about a " magic eye " charm that her husband obtained during his army service in india that protected him from all harm . whilst cleaning her attic
the aiu is also an implementing agency for the agreements signed under the cultural exchange programme executed between india and other countries in the field of education , insofar as it relates to the recognition of foreign qualifications ( except for medicine and allied courses ) .
the preceding only relates to debris shed immediately during or after launch , and not the debris observed on 19 september .
the fort ’s history relates to two parts namely , the main fort and the gurjari mahal and the man mandir palace .
since inventorship relates to the claims in a patent application , knowing who an inventor is under the patent law is sometimes difficult .
this sephirah has as a symbol the bride which relates to the sphere of tipheret , symbolized by the bridegroom .
folklore relates the yard to the length between the nose and thumb of several kings of england .
the fourth criterion relates to stylistic authenticity in musical expression , and is weighted more heavily than the other three .
christmas 1916 was spent in the trenches , but as the new year arrived , an official report relates " as if by mutual consent both sides ceased fire a minute or two before the close of the old year .
the reluctant admiral " relates that " yamamoto alone " ( while all his staff members were celebrating ) spent the day after pearl harbor " sunk in apparent depression .
with this semi - autobiographical tale of his childhood in swaziland during the last days of the british empire in africa in 1960s , grant relates the story of ralph compton , whose family ’s disintegration mirrors the end of british rule .
the town can also boast this country ’s only public sculpture by the celebrated modern american artist claes oldenburg , the " bottle o ' notes " of 1993 , which relates to captain james cook .
gidō ’s own diary ( ) relates how as a child he discovered and treasured the zen classic " rinzairoku " in his father ’s library .
for this project , boys can choose a topic of their choice , provided that the topic relates to the areas of interaction .
reliability relates to the provision of appropriate information for management to operate the entity and exercise its fiduciary and
teasdale visits dr. scott at farnborough and relates her story of events to the director of the rae before offering elspeth some feminine care and affection .
. the earlier work relates to disciplining or individualizing of the body through the police state.8 the later thought develops around the notion of biopolitics , as a totalizing technique , that targets the biological given of the population through the apparatus of security .
in recent decades , society and how it relates to the ocean has become increasingly globalized .
fourth , it relates motivation to ability : performance = motivation*ability .
his nephew , according to plutarch , who relates also that alexander worshiped the spear with which he slew his uncle as if it was a god .
the savings relates to the approximately one - third of healthcare expenses which are spent on administrative overhead rather than medical service delivery .
this relates to the individual 's present and future selfsoul , through the unconditional belief in god 's wisdom and love .
in australia the term relates to a different meme .
eliade adds : " because myth relates the " gesta " [ deeds ] of supernatural beings [ ... ] it becomes the exemplary model for all significant human actions " .
as she relates the story , george aims a shotgun at the back of her head , causing honey to scream .
it is the fourth book in her five - book " canopus in argos " series and relates the fate of a planet , under the care of the benevolent galactic empire canopus , that is plunged into an ice age .
peri - urbanisation relates to the phenomenon of urban sprawl .
the " adaptation " in sas relates to the brain 's accepting these simulator 's disparities relative to a real vehicle and thus slowly changing its reference point to that of the simulation .
jumpsuit also stars in a television cartoon series that relates their trials and tribulations that come as a result of discovering a time machine .
however , critics point out that it is uncertain how this relates to the obe phenomenon .
spike returns to the " bebop " for a meal with jet , and the two share a moment of understanding as spike relates his life 's situation to his partner .
however , saint - simon relates that the princess tried to become queen of spain herself , and , when this plan failed , she persuaded alberoni to choose elisabeth farnese , hoping that elisabeth farnese , who could not hope for a royal crown , would be indebted to her .
reggie often relates bianca and maggie to true love , citing that they have a " forever love " .
it is not yet clear how the character in the viral marketing campaign relates to the tv show " dollhouse " , but both deal with science fiction and mind control .
her book " west indian workers and the united fruit company in costa rica 1870–1940 " relates the history of the us - based companies which built railroads and cultivated bananas on the atlantic coast of costa rica and which merged to form united fruit in 1899 .
much of the architectural significance of the f.q. story historic district relates to its representation of the increasing popularity of period styles , which was typical of early twentieth century american residential design .
he relates his concerns about the invasion of iraq in his book " raw spirit " , and the principal protagonist ( alban mcgill ) in the novel " the steep approach to garbadale " confronts another character with arguments in a similar vein .
many of the names derive from the slavic root " pisa " which relates to writing .
it strongly resembled a v-2 rocket in overall form , with a very prominent exhaust plume when flying , but had wings in addition to tailfins ( even its radio callsign , " xv-2 " relates it that seminal world war ii design ) .
in each of the characters the reader can find elements of the author and elements of his philosophy , primarily as it relates to his critique of america .
eugene sledge , private , company k , 3rd battalion , 5th marines , 1st marine division , also relates a few instances of fellow marines extracting gold teeth from the japanese dead .
legal abuse relates to abuses associated with taking legal action .
outside of the discipline itself , the term ' ergonomics ' is generally used to refer to physical ergonomics as it relates to the workplace ( as in for example ergonomic chairs and keyboards ) .
‘ ird is that honor which relates only to the women in family ; it can only decrease .
back at the flat , a furious rodney relates to a very hung over del how he has always ruined his opportunities to make a success of his life by interfering .
" sahara " is an indian bollywood film directed by lekhraj bhakri , released in 1958 . the film stars meena kumari in the lead role of leela and relates her life story .
osen relates that “ baron de prony called her the hypatia of the nineteenth century , ” and “ j.j biot wrote , in the " journal de savants " , that she had probably penetrated the science of mathematics more deeply than any other of her sex . "
sometimes , bullet chess is so fast that tactics and skill are secondary to quick moves , although on chess servers where both blitz chess and bullet chess are played , their ratings for a given player generally tend to be similar , thus indicating that chess skill , overall , relates highly to the outcome .
there is , however , some provision for themes , in that the old testament reading can be chosen either to run continuously or to be chosen because it relates to the gospel .
she relates her impressions of the trial , including her negative reactions to singh and her mystification at rao 's and others ' lack of shock at and complicity in singh 's plans .
the " llanthony chronicler " relates how the first founders of his famous abbey , having consulted among themselves , decided to become canons regular , first , because on account of the charity they were well liked by all , and then because they were satisfied with a modest manner of living , their habit , though clean , being decent , neither too coarse , nor too rich .
tony visits the brothel 's madam who was a friend of makazian who also acted as a confidant and therapist of sorts to him , tony is saddened to hear from the madam that makazian looked up to tony as a friend as tony treated him with disdain , he is depressed to realise that he contributed to the detective 's suicide and relates to his feelings of depression and suicidal tendencies .
just suppose " ( 1926 ) relates a story of the prince of wales coming to the united states and falling in love with an american woman .
all the topics that kane touched on , mentioned above , are explained here in a way which relates food to both everyday life for hindus as well as life in the cosmic realm .
the council is to keep under review , and report on , the constitution and working of statutory inquiries , any important matter that relates to statutory inquiries or which is referred to it .
the difference between a grievance and a complaint , in the unionized workplace , is whether the subject matter relates to the collective bargaining agreement .
recital 25 of the preamble recognizes the importance and usefulness of cookies for the functioning of modern internet and directly relates article 5(3 ) to them but recital 24 also warns of the danger that such instruments may present to privacy .
service transition , as described by the itil service transition volume , relates to the delivery of services required by a business into live / operational use , and often encompasses the " project " side of it rather than " bau " ( business as usual ) .
villani relates that for the construction of the church , it was required of the commune of florence that a subsidy of four " denari " on each libra be paid out of the city treasury in addition to a head - tax of two " soldi " for each adult male .
it was initially an attempt to solve the problem posed by the question ' what is the causal factor the brain state or the mental state ? ' as this relates to substance dualism , but it is also relevant to the causal significance of qualia ; and as such has implications for non - reductionist physicalist theories .
this relates to the simple fact that business knowledge is highly tentative , and subject to error or obsolescence .
written by jeffrey shaara after his father michael 's death in 1988 , the novel relates events from 1858 through 1863 during the american civil war , ending just as the two armies march toward gettysburg .
but when memory begins to become representative and transforms itself into conscious intuition , when intuition is produced with the aid of memory , the knowledge also relates to the world ; because here the human monad is not self enclosed and condemned to knowing only itself and the world considered as a mere well founded phenomenon .
in particular , much of the work of the acwd relates to management of the niles cone aquifer .
as such , a taxpayer does not acquire gross income from an expense - paid trip provided by the employer when the primary and overall purpose relates to business interests .
the term relates to the notion that the improved estimate is made closer to the value supplied by the ' other information ' than the raw estimate .
the rosetta stone lists 22 reasons for honoring the pharaoh , ptolemy v , then relates 10 items for honoring pharaoh , the last erecting his 3-script decree .
it is estimated that 1 in every 4 or 5 egyptian hieroglyphs relates to animals .
dakota grabowski was also able to sit down with luis giglotti who describes the game and how it relates to the book , and also gives descriptions of the " dark ones " who are one of the key enemies in the game who attack you psychically .
beckett later revealed to james knowlson ( which knowlson relates in the biography " damned to fame " ) that the missing words on the tape are " precious ally " .
it is , however , a common misunderstading that the name relates to its direct translation : churchyard / cemetery ) , but many others could be cited .
herodotus relates that the oracular response of this shrine was one of only two correct answers to the test put to them all by the lydian king " croesus " .
the lorentz – lorenz equation , also known as the clausius – mossotti relation and maxwell 's formula , relates the refractive index of a substance to its polarizability .
he relates how the young nobleman pretended to desert the battle , was captured by the turks and professing to know the key to victory , managed to gain access to murad and kill him .
