in 1778 however , the first relief bill , also called sir george savile 's act ( after sir george savile ) , to relieve the english catholics from the worst consequences of the penal laws , came before the english parliament , and in it was embodied the irish oath ( 18 george iii , c. 60 ) .
since the inferior vena cava is primarily a right - sided structure , unconscious pregnant females should be turned on to their left side ( the recovery position ) , to relieve pressure on it and facilitate venous return .
the station was proposed to relieve major congestion on four of the major state highways in the community including route 18 , route 34 , route 35 , and u.s. route 9 .
the financial aims of the system were to relieve pressure from the ottoman state of paying the army as well as to gain a new source of revenue for the central treasury .
efforts were made to shore up the domain 's finances and to relieve the peasant 's suffering , but famine struck again several decades later in 1836 .
a cabinet dispute over the railways gave botha the perfect pretext to relieve himself of hull .
it took months of protracted negotiations before the international red cross ship ss " vega " was permitted to relieve the starving islanders in december 1944 , bringing red cross food parcels , salt and soap , as well as medical and surgical supplies .
the a292 ashford ring road was created in the 1970s around the town centre in an attempt to relieve congestion along the previous main thoroughfare in the town centre , the narrow east hill .
also , in the novel , lady mi , one of liu bei ’s wives , committed suicide by throwing herself into a well to relieve zhao yun of an additional burden after entrusting liu shan to him .
in may 1941 wavell launched operation brevity , a minor offensive that attempted to gain a better position to launch a major offensive in the summer ; as a secondary objective , if the opportunity presented itself , an attempt to relieve tobruk was to be made .
the bark continued this essential work until ordered to relieve " ethan allen " at st. joseph 's bay , florida , in march 1863 .
while there he attempts to relieve the suffering of some slaves , but is enslaved himself .
3 . pioneering physicians became interested in stimulating the nervous system to relieve patients from pain .
the sinn fein receives a financial advantage that will relieve her considerably from the burden borne by ulster and other parts of the kingdom .
in any case , agrippina was suspicious of narcissus and had him sent away to campania , ostensibly to take advantage of the warm baths there to relieve his gout .
sometimes the simple process of being able to vent one 's feelings — that is , to express them to a concerned and understanding listener , is enough to relieve frustration and make it possible for the frustrated individual to advance to a problem - solving frame of mind , better able to cope with a personal difficulty that is affecting his work adversely .
then , when the dog is indoors , it will look for an opportunity to hide and relieve itself , creating a mess in a place where the owner may not find it for some time .
murray requests that gza and rza keep his identity secret , while gza and rza inform murray about nontraditional methods to relieve his smoker 's hack .
also the dr. grip pencil was specially designed with a wide barrel and cushioned grip to relieve writing stress and fatigue .
the nsw lancers were again called into action at the battle of modder river , where along with lord methuen ’s british column , they attempted to relieve the siege of kimberley .
the settlers had to travel four leagues to relieve themselves at a place called cuitlatepec , or cuitlatetelco , but , since they were great magicians , they flew there . "
the conflict escalated and caused the argentine government to relieve baseotto from his job as the head of the military chaplains .
farther towards the north in georgia and alabama , the rainfall helped to relieve persistent drought conditions .
after a series of local operations and exercises , including an asw exercise with japan maritime self - defense force ( jmsdf ) warships , " towers " sailed to the middle east in mid - april to relieve guided missile cruiser as radar picket ship in the persian gulf .
monitoring the tender point , the physician positions the patient to maximally relieve the discomfort .
the coastal line , which was finished in 1922 , was used to relieve congestion near taichung .
on march 28 , the battalion , along with the rest of the 4th division , was rushed four miles south to relieve a british division which had been pushed back nearly two miles that day .
his extravagant building programs placed a considerable financial strain upon the church and president david o. mckay found it necessary to relieve moyle from many of his administrative responsibilities .
28 kensington square and use it as a boarding house , in order to relieve pressure on the headmaster 's own house .
by this time , most of the men had fevers and continual dysentery , forcing the men to cut the seats out of their uniform trousers in order to fire their weapons and relieve themselves simultaneously .
comparative clinical trials indicated that metamizole and ibuprofen may relieve pain faster than aspirin , although the difference becomes insignificant after about 2 hours .
in 315 bc , when antigonus began his operations against the confederates , he sent one ptolemy , a nephew of his , with , an army to relieve amisus , and to expel from cappadocia the army with which asander had invaded that country ; but as asander was supported by ptolemy and cassander , he maintained himself until 313 bc , when antigonus himself marched against him , and compelled him to conclude a treaty by which he was bound to surrender his whole army , to restore the greek towns on the coast to freedom , to regard his satrapy of caria as the gift of antigonus , and to give his brother agathon as hostage .
in 1518 velázquez sent olid to relieve juan de grijalva , but en route a hurricane destroyed olid 's ship and he returned to cuba .
maslama advised abu al - muhajir to relieve uqba of his position with due deference , but it seems that this did not happen .
under emperor taiwu 's orders , northern wei forces abandoned qiaoao while defending huatai , and he himself headed south to relieve qiaoao while having crown prince huang head north to defend against a potential rouran attack .
planners conceived the parkway in the mid-1980s as the east – west parkway , an extension of the existing wurzbach road , to relieve traffic on i-410 .
vagifem is an estrogen replacement consisting of estradiol and is used primarily after menopause to relieve symptoms of atrophic vaginitis such as vaginal dryness , soreness , and itching .
for the allergic type , cool water poured over the face with the head inclined downward constricts capillaries , and artificial tears sometimes relieve discomfort in mild cases .
this allows the operator access to a card reader , after which said operator ( mikoto utsugi ) swipes a " gold card " into the reader to " relieve " the hammer 's safety device .
barton acted swiftly to relieve anguilla , and the lapwing 's presence drove the french to attempt to retreat .
however , michael 's attack on the kingdom of thessalonica in 1210 forced him to return north to relieve the city and to force michael back into submission .
in october 1944 , the squadron was one of the first australian combat units to relieve the american forces at aitape .
the riverview name eventually came into usage in the early 1940s by the post office to relieve just such confusion with the mail .
jacquette , now jacquet , dressed all in white , reluctantly goes to marry the young and beautiful bianca , but implores perpignac to relieve her of the wedding night duty …
aggressive treatment was begun by french and german veterinarians , including the use of a sling to hold the mare up and help relieve pressure on her feet .
the detroit expressway and transit system plan , prepared in 1945 for the city of detroit , included a grand river expressway , which was to parallel grand river avenue into downtown and relieve congestion on that artery .
this move was designed to relieve pressure on american forces that had just landed on guadalcanal .
the cadmeia was surrounded , and the spartans attacked ; pelopidas realised that they must be expelled before an army came from sparta to relieve them .
the swedish king was not please and immediately sent gustaf otto stenbock to relieve sulzback of his command .
its purpose was to foster the advancement of medical knowledge , relieve suffering , and promote the health of the community .
in this industry employment had shown very wholesome improvement , but this was not sufficient to relieve it from the category in which it was placed by the committee as one in which there existed serious unemployment .
this toll highway is designed to relieve congestion in the city of karachi .
treatment also includes medication to relieve itching ( antipruritics ) , bile acid sequestrants ( cholestyramine ) , antibiotics to treat infections , and vitamin supplements , as people with psc are often deficient in vitamin a , vitamin d , vitamin e and vitamin k.
while proponents of the project claim that it will relieve congestion on the interstate and not affect the native habitat , opponents argue that the routing would increase sediment loads in the creek , damage the surf break at san onofre state beach , create water pollution and hurt several endangered animal species .
sitting upright and not lying down will relieve some nasal congestion .
on august 18 , 1961 , the egyptian government decided to relieve him from his duties , and said that the order was made by president gamal abdel nasser , as a result of a political article he allowed to be published .
in addition , there is a large ethnic javanese community , largely made up of the descendants of people transported from java in the last century as part of the government 's transmigration policy , an attempt to relieve the chronic overcrowding of java .
if circumstances warrant , the master diver shall relieve the diving supervisor and assume control of the dive station .
one of itv 's first steps on taking over the station was to relieve the gmtv editor , martin frizell , of his duties .
kerbogah , a vassal of the seljuk turks , had a huge army of 75,000 troops sent to relieve antioch ; his unsuccessful siege of edessa ( a city that had recently fallen to the crusaders ) allowed the crusaders time to capture antioch on the june 3 , 1098 , a day before kerbogah 's arrival .
these guides explain that drinking urine tends to worsen , rather than relieve dehydration due to the salts in it , and that urine should not be consumed in a survival situation , even when there is no other fluid available .
for example , he organized a series of liturgical processions in rome to " assuage the wrath of god and relieve the city 's suffering " from the plague which killed his predecessor , which greatly resembled byzantine liturgical processions which gregory i would have witnessed as " apocrisiarius " .
in the early 1970s , the sydney markets were built at flemington to relieve the paddy 's markets at haymarket , in the city .
jiangling nearly fell , and only after yuwen zhi sent aid via forces commanded by li qianzhe ( 李遷哲 ) to relieve the city did zhang withdraw .
this helped to relieve the enormous strain on the shipping resources of the united kingdom .
one way to relieve the pain is to avoid any activities that require a deep bend in the knee .
the brigade fought in many of the major battles in north africa , including operation " crusader " in november , fighting at sidi rezegh to try to relieve the commonwealth forces in the port of tobruk , besieged by axis forces .
after the election , however , grant wrote to secretary of war edwin m. stanton in early 1865 asking free rein to relieve butler from military service .
the declaration of a national security area does not relieve state and local authorities of their responsibilities for the area surrounding the nsa , to include evacuations or other protective actions as needed .
one of its key products is oscillococcinum , a nosode - type homeopathic preparation claimed to relieve flu symptoms .
mark suggests richard and evelyn join him on a fishing vacation to relieve the strain .
shows with humorous elements , like " the chronicle " , relieve tension for viewers but not characters in the show , making things more accessible to audiences .
according to some , it would relieve the pain of bee stings .
when evidence surfaced that roger stanton , the head of nsa , may have been hindering the search for the bomb , novick urged palmer to relieve stanton of duty and have him interrogated .
with international tensions on the rise , it was considered wise to evacuate the two bases rather than relieve the present personnel with new men who would continue to occupy the bases .
a solution of 2–2.5% hydrocortisone cream applied to the affected area may help relieve the symptoms .
after the fall of metz , his army was sent to the loire to clear the area around orléans , where french troops , first under aurelle de paladines , then under chanzy , were trying to march north to relieve paris .
antihistamines may also relieve the symptoms of the allergy by blocking the immune pathway .
cal eldred came in to relieve morris in the fifth inning , after he had walked the lead - off hitter , having already given up four runs in the previous four innings .
its portrayal of other forms of social change is similarly ambiguous : same - sex relationships gain acceptance , but suffer the same pathologies as traditional ones ; sexual frankness ( and free tv pornography ) does not relieve neurosis ; the intellectual pursuits of the professional class devolve into endless solipsistic therapy .
in 1966 , the city of manteca started another high school to relieve overcrowding in manteca high school .
the trust 's mission statement is : " to relieve sickness and injury in the county of devon by assisting with the provision of an air ambulance service " .
fray luis goes to hualala 's funeral , where he is involuntarily involved in a ceremony to relieve the esselen community of the burdon of the death .
to deal with the increasing car congestion , a new radial highway was required to relieve the city centre .
olios are musical entertainment pieces performed either between scenes or as an afterpiece to relieve the tension created by the melodrama and its serious storyline .
the yankees ' ace won both his starts in games three and six with complete - game shutouts , but was then unavailable to relieve in the last game of an unexpected yankees loss , bill mazeroski 's walk - off home run in the bottom of the ninth winning the game — and the series — for the pirates .
in order to relieve the tension on the way to important matches , manager turner used to encourage the players to sing .
eric 's company manages to hold out long enough for the draka to crush the four divisions , cross the mountains , and relieve his unit .
an excuse , that suetonius had lost some ships , was found to relieve him of command and replace him with publius petronius turpilianus .
the flowers were added to baths to quell hysteria , and steeped as a tea to relieve anxiety - related indigestion , irregular heartbeat , and vomiting .
a water powered mill was built over the gingin brook by alfred carson and wheat was milled into flour , helping relieve the west australian colony 's dependence on imported flour .
1 - 206th fa was relieve by the 949th brigade support battalion , texas national guard , in december 2008 .
the major aim for tufa wugu was to weaken later liang and eventually capture its capital guzang ( 姑臧 , in modern wuwei , gansu ) , and later in 397 , when later liang 's rebel general , the prophet guo nen ( 郭黁 ) , under attack by lü guang 's son lü zuan , sought help from him , he sent his brother tufa lilugu to relieve guo , although guo later submitted to western qin .
the busway was originally selected as the most cost - effective means to relieve congestion on i-84 west of hartford , but the cost has increased from an approximate $ 80 million to $ 579 million .
rashid jamsheed , a us trained biologist wrote in his " big game animals of iran " of an incident in which a policeman was killed and partially eaten by three wolves after dismounting his horse to relieve himself .
these specialized clinicians often develop innovative ways to manipulate the soft tissue to speed natural healing and relieve the mysterious pain that often accompanies soft tissue injuries .
after only a brief respite , in january 1943 the battalion moved up to the gona area to relieve the 53rd battalion and to carry out patrols along the amboga river .
meanwhile , octa announced a proposal in 2005 to study an tunnel through the santa ana mountains and along fault lines to help relieve traffic on the 91 .
but to stop the catastrophe more radical measures have to be used : the hydrocarbon gas ( which is created by the heated oil ) must be released into earth 's atmosphere to relieve the rising pressure in the oil field .
he intended to outflank the boer left and pass his cavalry around them to relieve kimberley , while his infantry secured vital fords behind them .
there is no known cure at the moment but there are several things that can be done to relieve the symptoms .
this was followed up by foot surgery on january 23 to relieve the irritation of an extra bone that was caused when best bruised his foot halfway through the 2008 season .
king charles moved to relieve the city and push peter 's forces back into russia .
this proposal for an elevated route 55 follows two years of failed attempts for a feasibility study to relieve traffic on route 47 .
this was made possible by the introduction of a wastegate to relieve excess pressure .
amantadine has also been shown to relieve ssri - induced sexual dysfunction .
in this procedure , the radius ( the inside long bone ) is shortened by a given length , usually between 2 and 5 mm , to relieve the pressure on the dying lunate .
it is to relieve mental tension , to take the sting out of experience and thus to favour improvement or to hasten recovery from mental disorder .
he suggested that it was england that " sent ' round the hat over all the globe , asking a penny for the love of god to relieve the poor irish , " and constituting herself the agent of all that charity , took all the profit of it .
he also carried on the negotiations with the pope concerning the repeal of the concordat , and in this matter also did much by a liberal policy to relieve austria from the pressure of institutions which had checked the development of the country .
he retreated to his stronghold at maynooth , county kildare , but in march 1535 this was taken by an english force under sir william skeffington by bribing a guard , while thomas was absent gathering reinforcements to relieve it .
recently , the first nurse practitioner - led office to relieve waiting times caused by a shortage of primary practitioners was opened in sudbury , ontario .
a breast pump may be used to relieve engorgement , a painful condition whereby the breasts are overfull , possibly preventing a proper latch by the infant .
at the time of the reactivation the navy envisioned using " new jersey " and her sister ship " iowa " to meet sustained global requirements and relieve the strain on the navy created by an increase in u.s. commitments to the indian ocean and caribbean sea regions .
sauna use may reduce the incidence of the common cold , and temporarily relieve the symptoms .
he stepped down from his duties as president to lead what he dubbed the army of operations in texas , which would relieve cos and put an end to the texian revolt .
to help relieve the pressure on the rattray street school roll a second school , st edmund 's , had been opened in south dunedin in 1949 .
coming in to relieve teammate matt guerrier , perkins pitched 1.1 innings of perfect baseball .
soon after the battalion was detached to the 29th british infantry brigade to relieve the 1st battalion , the leicestershire regiment on the jamestown line . ‘
there is no widely accepted treatment for odd , although some clinicians will prescribe eye drops designed to decrease the intra - ocular pressure and theoretically relieve mechanical stress on fibers of the optic disc .
when they are left alone , alex plays his grandfather 's flute to relieve the tedium .
it was intended to relieve the drg class 17s , that consisted mainly of
hume made special note of the reports by several witnesses that the man ’s boots were neatly slit at the toes as if to relieve corns –
the organization was founded in 1756 by scotsmen in new york city who were looking to " relieve the distrssed .
the second major episode shows crane as an adult , world 's foremost earthquake expert , a nobel laureate , and a ruthless scientist and entrepreneur dedicated to relieve the misery of those affected by earthquakes .
having an open palate may make feeding difficult , but generally does not interfere with breathing , in fact - if the nose is very obstructed an open palate may relieve breathing .
in addition to the main facility for 645 prisoners , auckland prison includes the medium - security auckland west division , built in 1981 to relieve crowding at other institutions , in particular mount eden prison ; a minimum security work and pre - release unit called " te mahinga " ; and a 60-bed special treatment unit for child sex offenders , called " te piriti " .
in an attempt to relieve him of his pain , he decides to nap in a sauna adjacent to the men 's bathroom .
to relieve the demand for the radial aero - engines used in the m3 , a new version was developed using twin cadillac v-8 automobile engines .
in july 1627 he was created earl of newport in the isle of wight ; newport , as he now was , held a rear - admiral 's command in the ineffective expedition to relieve la rochelle in august 1628 , for which he was petitioning for payment in the following years .
rieux works to combat the plague simply because he is a doctor and his job is to relieve human suffering .
using datasets was cumbersome and error prone , so a small generated framework was created to relieve developers of the crud work .
companies b & g were sent out on the morning of the 26th to relieve companies a & d. instead they ran smack into the federal cavalry .
in 1910 the company therefore purchased of land at lancing near shoreham - by - sea for a carriage and wagon works to relieve the pressure on brighton .
historians adhering to this view suggest that he was circumcised ( the common cure for phimosis ) to relieve the condition seven years after the marriage .
meanwhile on 6 december , mexico offered the indian government its influence in latin america to bring pressure on the portuguese to relieve tensions .
the trial cruise to cuba on 17 november 1917 , prompted captain oman to order 241 marines , onboard to relieve a detachment of marines , to station themselves conspicuously about the upper decks giving the appearance from shore that the great ship was headed overseas to increase american expeditionary forces .
fu jiān therefore sent a force commanded by shi yue ( 石越 ) to relieve former yan , whose general murong chui defeated huan , with shi 's assistance .
on 31 december 1853 he was promoted to district inspector of the ovens district and early in 1854 he moved to beechworth to relieve inspector price .
people danced to relieve stress .
in epsom 's third phase , " impetigo " , the 43rd division would move forward to relieve all scottish infantry north of the odon .
with christopher out of town handling a cigarette smuggling job ( and suffering from the pain of an impacted tooth which , due to his sobriety , he can not relieve with painkillers , instead using an ineffectual herbal remedy ) , tony and adriana are alone together a few times in her club 's office , where tony also conducts " business . "
pope benedict xvi did not relieve lugo from his vows of chastity until july 31 , 2008 .
supplemental heat application may relieve muscle tension .
a moisturizer or massage shampoo may be used in order to relieve the itching .
the combination of the death of abdullah , and his desire to relieve his uncle abu talib of the burden of a large family , as abu talib was already in great financial difficulty , led muhammad to take his uncle 's son ali into his own home .
at danzig , poland , from 29 october 1921 to 3 february 1922 , she assisted the american relief administration in its efforts to relieve hunger and misery .
in 1880 general roberts led a column from kabul to kandahar to relieve general burrows and the resulting battle led to the defeat of the afghans and the conclusion of the war .
in his civic life , otis norcross was one of the boston committee ( 1871 ) to relieve sufferers of the great chicago fire .
however he set out to try and relieve alnwick .
the most effective treatment is weight loss , but it is often possible to relieve the symptoms by nocturnal ventilation with positive airway pressure ( cpap ) or related methods .
the 47s line was established in an effort to relieve congestion on the beechview line for the additional traffic that the parking garage created .
when another character , ralph , tries to relieve her of her sad life , she feels that she can not let him love her without her getting forgiveness from her parents .
in this they were joined by britain , whose leaders feared that the russians ultimately aimed to relieve britain of its empire in india and to create a eurasian superpower .
before the start of the procedure , a local anesthetic can be given to the mother in order to relieve the pain felt during the insertion of the needle used to withdraw the fluid .
british general john hely - hutchinson , 2nd earl of donoughmore , refused to relieve the city until de menou gave in .
in traditional chinese medicine , a decoction of this fungus is used to help relieve the symptoms of gastralgia , or stomacheache .
seek judgment , relieve the oppressed , consider the fatherless , and plead for the widow .
throughout the 1990s there was discussion of various options for the construction of a wellow bypass route to relieve the village of the increasing volume of traffic on the a36 but none of these was built .
british first army commander general henry horne ordered the canadian corps to relieve i corps from their position opposite the city of lens on 10 july 1917 and directed canadian corps commander arthur currie to develop a plan for capturing the town by the end of july 1917 .
intended to relieve pressure off of marcus and lewisville high schools , plans were set for a campus , including two gymnasiums , a cafetorium , an auditorium , a band hall , a football field , tennis courts , and three parking lots .
in that text , aradia is the daughter of the roman goddess diana , who comes to earth to teach witchcraft and relieve diana 's worshippers of oppression .
about 175 years ago shree gopal lal maharaj ( fourth generation of shree mahaprabhu vallabhacharyaji ) visited saurashtra and with subsequent visits of his son gopendranathji , wanza turned to " vaishnav panth " - " pushit maarg " as propounded by mahaprabhu vallabhacharyaji he intended to promote culture and eductaion to the wanza or vanza community and to relieve poverty and sickness among the wanza community members .
unable to control the hard crusades fought against the bosnian heretics after 1235 , he begged the pope to relieve him of his duty .
" why is less being done relatively to relieve the distressing overcrowding at crownsville than at any of the other institutions or why this institution is allowed a patient per capita cost of $ 1085 ; an amount less than any of the other hospitals ; fifty percent less than two of them ... ? "
he took up agriculture , and participated in the applications to parliament which resulted in the act of 1813 ‘ to relieve persons who impugn the doctrine of the holy trinity from certain penalties.’ falling into declining health , he resided for a time at bath , somerset .
partly to relieve what he felt to be the tedium of running the school , hill returned to writing and reviewing .
frustration with rosecrans 's excuses led halleck to threaten to relieve him if he did not move , but in the end he merely protested " against the expense to which [ rosecrans ] put the government for telegrams . "
in the power rangers : operation overdrive team up episode " once a ranger " , tori is called upon by the sentinel knight along with adam park , kira ford , bridge carson and xander bly to relieve the operation overdrive rangers when they lost their powers .
voyage was with " aurora " on the mission to relieve the stranded ross sea party in january 1917 .
be it enacted by the general assembly of maryland that if any bank has established or shall , without authority from the state first had and obtained establish any branch , office of discount and deposit , or office of pay and receipt in any part of this state , it shall not be lawful for the said branch , office of discount and deposit , or office of pay and receipt to issue notes , in any manner , of any other denomination than five , ten , twenty , fifty , one hundred , five hundred and one thousand dollars , and no note shall be issued except upon stamped paper of the following denominations ; that is to say , every five dollar note shall be upon a stamp of ten cents ; every ten dollar note , upon a stamp of twenty cents ; every twenty dollar note , upon a stamp of thirty cents ; every fifty dollar note , upon a stamp of fifty cents ; every one hundred dollar note , upon a stamp of one dollar ; every five hundred dollar note , upon a stamp of ten dollars ; and every thousand dollar note , upon a stamp of twenty dollars ; which paper shall be furnished by the treasurer of the western shore , under the direction of the governor and council , to be paid for upon delivery ; provided always that any institution of the above description may relieve itself from the operation of the provisions aforesaid by paying annually , in advance , to the treasurer of the western shore , for the use of state , the sum of $ 15,000 .
memorial senior high school opened in 1962 to relieve overcrowding at spring branch high school .
designed to relieve some of the traffic problems of the poorly planned city , it was approved in 1987 .
by 1830 he was back in england and by 20 march 1831 his regiment was posted to the colony of new south wales to relieve the 39th regiment .
traffic in these districts is congested , despite efforts undertaken in 2006 to relieve pressure with new roads , bridges and underpasses .
it is often used to relieve pressure beneath a surface .
this initiative , which was primarily drafted by mpp , plans to ensure that south dakota patients battling cancer , aids , and other life - threatening diseases no longer face prison for trying to relieve their symptoms .
eaton introduced a petition to the united states senate to relieve timberlake of debts collected while he was in service to the navy .
in order to gain independence from her family , and also to relieve her financial burden , she comes to live and work for a fortune - telling house .
william b. kern , to send in a fresh company to relieve all elements on hill 255 and placed him in tactical command with both the 1st and 2nd battalions of the 17th infantry attached and at his direction .
shall council pass a bylaw creating a debenture debt in the sum of $ 1,035,000.00 for the erection of new maternity building at the royal alexandra hospital to relieve serious over - crowding of present facilities ?
gtn is commonly used to relieve " angina pectoris " , taken in the form of sub - lingual tablets , or as an aerosol spray .
immediately following the earthquake , the southern california regional rail authority made the decision to extend the line in order to help relieve the resultant traffic bottleneck .
on march 3 , 1606 , henri iv gets him enlisting antoine lomenie , adviser to the king in his councils , cabinet secretary , who had long been his chief clerk , to relieve him in his task , because of his age .
it is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression and lead to a higher sense of self - esteem .
furthermore , the perch was said to prefer off - shore habitats , and this would serve to relieve pressure on the in - shore tilapia fishery .
it is said that robin hood robbed from the rich not only to relieve the commoners of the unnecessarily harsh taxes imposed on them by the greedy establishment , but also to help raise the ransom for queen mother eleanor of aquitaine to free her son richard the lionheart from captivity in the custody of first leopold v of austria and then henry vi , holy roman emperor .
the longest city tunnel in europe with a proposed length of 5.5 km and with 5 interchanges with the surface is now being built to relieve congestion in the north - western part of prague .
he ducks the matter while cuddy tells emma about the treatment they have planned to relieve the pressure on the fetus 's urinary bladder .
opening the jacmel airfield 24 hours - a - day was intended to help relieve congestion at toussaint l'ouverture international airport in port - au - prince .
twice , in 1861 troops and provisions were secretly dispatched from fort columbus to relieve the besieged garrison at fort sumter in charleston , south carolina .
originally built to relieve overpopulation between douglas county high school and lithia springs high school , alexander high school opened for the 1986 - 1987 school year .
the creation of the international centre for settlement of investment disputes ( icsid ) in 1966 was in part intended to relieve the president and the staff of the burden of becoming involved in such disputes .
" pegasus " was attached to george rodney 's fleet for the relief of the great siege of gibraltar , and was present at both of rodney 's actions in the campaign to relieve the fortress , participating in the seizure of a spanish armaments convoy off cape finisterre on 8 january 1780 and subsequently fighting at the battle of cape st vincent eight days later , where a spanish attempt to intercept the british fleet was destroyed . " pegasus " accompanied rodney to gibraltar and was subsequently involved in the inconclusive battle of martinique in the west indies .
general qiu qingquan 's newly formed 2nd army and general li mi 's 13th army were tasked to relieve their beleaguered colleague , general haung baitao .
he then began to relieve himself in front of the class , receiving taunts and laughter from his peers .
of the events of this time may be mentioned the failure to relieve colonel hudson lowe at capri , the expedition against murat 's gunboats in the bay of naples and the second siege of scylla .
on its left flank , where there was almost no enemy presence , the advance went according to plan , but the battalion on the right flank ran into an attacking german force of battalion strength that general student had accidentally ordered to circle around the outskirts of the city to relieve the pressure by the dutch garrison on his troops holding the dort bridge .
used to relieve both exertional and vasospastic angina by allowing venous pooling , reducing the pressure in the ventricles and so reducing wall tension and oxygen requirements in the heart .
animals may require anesthesia for therapeutic procedures , such as urinary catheterization to relieve obstruction , injection into a mass , or removing fluid from the eye to treat glaucoma .
when his section became pinned down by accurate rifle fire from two sides pte mclaren pushed forward to obtain a better fire position to relieve his section , but was killed by an explosion from an improvised explosive device .
this power enables him to relieve souls of emotional damage and heal physical damage .
emperor wenxuan commissioned an army commanded by gao huan 's cousin gao yue ( 高岳 ) the prince of qinghe to attack western wei 's an province ( 安州 , roughly modern xiaogan , hubei ) to try to relieve pressure from jiangling , but by the time that gao yue arrived , jiangling had already fallen , and western wei captured and then executed emperor yuan .
unaware that the alamo had fallen , robert potter called for the convention to adjourn and march immediately to relieve the alamo .
right before stilwell 's departure , " new york times " drama critic - turned - war correspondent brooks atkinson interviewed him in chungking and wrote : " the decision to relieve general stilwell represents the political triumph of a moribund , anti - democratic regime that is more concerned with maintaining its political supremacy than in driving the japanese out of china .
central los angeles high school 11 ( edward r. roybal ( formerly belmont ) learning center ) and central los angeles high school 12 will open in 2009 and relieve belmont .
the yard was built in 1882 to relieve stress at the parkdale yard and is located near keele street and dundas street west in the junction .
the towns of dedham and concord , massachusetts were thus established to relieve the growing population pressure and to place communities between the larger , more established coastal towns and the indians further west .
while it 's possible for mild swelling to go away on its own , several things can be done to relieve the symptoms or hasten the process .
report no . 3 - the necessary steps for promotion of german exports , so as to relieve american tax payers of the burdens of relief and for economic recovery of europe
armfeldt tried to relieve his encircled left flank but golitsyn now committed his forces against the swedish center and right flank , and while the left flank was ground down , the swedish infantry dissolved in panic .
on 29 august , she arrived in subic bay and began turnover operations to relieve " paul revere " ( lpa-248 ) of duty with arg bravo ( tg 76.5 ) .
dongola racing originates from lord wolseley 's nile expedition of 1884–1885 to relieve charles george gordon at khartoum .
ferrous iron , the essential cofactor for l - dopa biosynthesis was shown to relieve between 10% and 60% of symptoms in 110 out of 110 patients .
additional duties included being bartender for the band and occasionally subbing on drums or piano to relieve fellow musicians .
during the school 's third academic year , an additional building , building 5 , was constructed to relieve " critical overcrowding " and meet class size requirements .
the first thing to do is make sure the tick is fully removed from the skin , then acetaminophen and analgesics can be used to help relieve the fever and pain .
at the outbreak of the war with mexico , shubrick requested sea duty and , in " independence " , sailed for the california coast to relieve commodore john d. sloat in command of american naval forces there .
the object of the new organization was " to rescue and care for children who are orphaned , homeless , cruelly treated or in moral danger , and to relieve over - burdened homes " .
combined orthodontic and orthognathic surgery can help relieve some facial deformities , such as the flat or concave face .
efforts to relieve the cramped quarters with additional small buildings were ineffective , and it soon became apparent that the government would require a larger , more aesthetically appealing facility .
as sara is examining the body , tessa walks into the woods to relieve herself .
in early 1966 , while that road was still under construction , governor haydon burns asked the oocea to look into an east – west freeway across downtown orlando to relieve traffic on state road 50 ( colonial drive ) .
xiao cha tried to attack jiangling to relieve the pressure on his brother , but could not , and xiao yi 's army , while initially repelled by xiao yu , eventually , under the general wang sengbian , put changsha under siege .
johnston eventually began moving to relieve pemberton and reached the big black river on july 1 , but he delayed a potentially difficult encounter with sherman until it was too late for the vicksburg garrison , and then fell back to jackson .
it does not include federal prisons , county jails , or california division of juvenile justice facilities located in california , or any of the private correctional facilities in arizona , mississippi , and tennessee under contract with cdcr housing california inmates to relieve prison overcrowding .
while some felt that this might alleviate some of the stereotypes and prejudice and relieve the generally bad press that gep students and the gep had gotten over the past few years , others raised objections such as the fact that the only mainstream pupils affected were the top students , which in their view did not eradicate elitism .
contrary to this idea , the research paper titled " end - to - end arguments in system design " by saltzer , reed , and clark argues that network intelligence does n't relieve end systems of the requirement to check inbound data for errors and to rate - limit the sender , nor for a wholesale removal of " intelligence " from the network core .
in july 1763 , a british relief column of consisting of 500 british soldiers was sent to relieve fort pitt , then under siege .
the battle helped to restore the royal navy 's reputation following the failed attempt to relieve minorca two years earlier which had led to admiral byng 's execution .
an " unofficial " member of the b vitamins , inositol has even been shown to relieve depression and panic attacks .
would temporarily relieve the symptoms .
during the economic boom of the late 1990s , when traffic saturation led to frequent delays , it became difficult to respond to calls to relieve the pressure by constructing an additional runway as that would have required additional landfill .
hempseed oil is primarily used as a food oil and dietary supplement , and has been shown to relieve the symptoms of eczema ( atopic dermatitis ) .
new wider arterials were prescribed to relieve traffic congestion in the fast - growing city , including a network of new diagonal streets .
" one of those rulings is nuremberg principle iv , which reads , " the fact that a person acted pursuant to order of his government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law , provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him . "
in this situation , in 1921 , the poplar labour councillors decided to act to relieve the burden and to make a political protest by refusing to collect the rates on behalf of the london county council and other metropolitan bodies .
overwhelmed with managing the inadequate county jail and law enforcement duties , sheriff kirby persuaded the fairfax county board of supervisors to relieve him of his responsibilities for criminal police work by forming the police department .
principle iii states , " the fact that a person who committed an act which constitutes a crime under international law acted as head of state or responsible government official does not relieve him from responsibility under international law . "
further plans , such as an american tour , more ballet scores , and revisions of chopin and bach works for re - publication , were all cut short by the outbreak of world war i and the onset of colorectal cancer , which required morphine injections to relieve the pain .
rath jatra being unique among all jatras is the grandest festival of the supreme divinity who has manifested himself in the kali yuga to emancipate humanity and to relieve them from their sufferings .
this relatively low success rate , the significant complications and a lack of long - term ( more than 5 years ) follow - up data for this operation make the simple " ablate and pace " treatment an attractive option especially for older patients and those who are looking for a definitive procedure to relieve their af symptoms .
mcgillivray became the principle chief of the upper creek towns after his predecessor , chief emistigo , died in the summer of 1782 , leading a war - party to relieve the british garrison at savannah , besieged by the continental army under general ' mad ' anthony wayne .
impressed with earth 's progress , the grand galactic relieve themselves of the burden of watching over intelligent life and hand the task over to earth .
soon it 'll have a parallel high - speed line ( up to 320 km/h ) to relieve this main line , since it has reached a saturation threshold where it 's impossible to add new freight wagons without jamming the fast passenger services ( intercidades and alfa pendular ) .
a few weeks later , at 11:20 hrs on 29 july 1951 , sixteen mig-15bis of the 176th giap took off to relieve other migs of the 17th iap which were tangling with sabres .
the talbot green by - pass was opened in 1991 to relieve traffic in the village through disabling access to or from pontyclun via cowbridge road , and provided a shorter route for the a473 bridgend to pontypridd road .
at the same time , usaf colonel david c. schilling led a group of f-80 shooting stars flying to fürstenfeldbruck air base in germany to relieve a unit based there .
some mountain rescue groups carry acetazolamide ( a prescription drug ) to treat mountain sickness , injectable steroids to reduce pulmonary edema , and inflatable pressure vessels ( gamow bag ) to relieve and evacuate severe mountain - sick persons .
the application of a heating pad on a low setting for 10 - 20 minutes may relieve some pain , but only if instructions are followed carefully .
the 38th was ordered in july to complete its training and relieve the british battalion that was doing garrison duty in bermuda .
justus sherwood met with joseph fay for two weeks in july , with a fruitless outcome that did nothing to relieve british concerns that vermont 's delays were intentional .
under scottish executive funding and to relieve congestion on the forth railway bridge the line between stirling and alloa was reopened to passenger traffic . construction work started in 2005 , with tracklaying commencing at the end of september 2006 .
" recognizing " in particular that such failure does not deprive the general assembly of its rights or relieve it of its responsibilities under the charter in regard to the maintenance of international peace and security , " ...
under these confused industrial circumstances , the sufferings of the debtor class were loudly asserted , and laws were passed to relieve them of their burdens , making the collection of debts difficult or impossible .
