munisiville was one of only two black townships that resisted relocation in the transvaal during that period .
a proposed relocation of the boston south postal annex would allow additional expansion .
wray contacted his staff and ordered them to prepare for immediate relocation .
following this relocation , the che people became hillside farmers .
other differences included the use of a fixed reflector , and the relocation of the stepping notches from the rotor body to the movable letter rings .
the relocation to new york was not a financial success and in fall 1931 , sam mark relocated his team once again , this time to new bedford , massachusetts where they became new bedford whalers .
the " bureau of relocation " ( bureloc ) is a paramilitary force that runs prison camps for " unproductive " citizens and hunts down the cyberkids .
the cooper s retains the bonnet scoop in order to keep an association with the outgoing model — although the relocation of the intercooler to the front of the engine means that the scoop is now purely decorative .
in 1962 , when the town population reached its all time climax of 900 , the town experienced a decline in population , due to relocation and migration .
during the 1980s , the relocated inuit and their descendants initiated a claim against the canadian government arguing that " there is overwhelming evidence to suggest that the central , if not the sole , reasons , for the relocation of inuit to the high arctic was the desire by canada to assert its sovereignty over the arctic islands and surrounding area " , and in 1987 sought $ 10 million in compensation from the federal government .
basically the same as the mk1 but for relocation of the two x 100 gallon fuel tanks stacked the rear of the cab , to saddle in the centre of the vehicle .
the relocation also served the need to reorganize the usafe base structure after the french withdrawal from nato and the eviction of non - french military forces from french soil .
with regard to tactics , the terms " drain the water " or " drain the swamp " involves the forced relocation of the population ( " water " ) to expose the rebels or insurgents ( " fish " ) .
the hounds franchise was officially a relocation of the richmond riverdogs franchise , which played in richmond , virginia for three seasons from 2003 - 2006 .
the church is empty , awaiting relocation .
the l.g and cine blitz hoardings , which used to display latest film gossip , at the fountain were targeted for relocation , apart from other hoardings along the dadhabhai naoroji road .
after the relocation of japanese - americans was complete , dewitt lifted curfew restrictions on italian - americans on october 19 , and on german - americans on december 24 .
it was used for over fifty years before relocation in 1930 to st. augustine 's church in unley , south australia .
additionally , at this time , staskowski and danoff - burg were in the final stages of determining their plans for graduate school which meant relocation and , for all practical purposes , the end of the run for the band in summer 1989 .
niagara falls became home to its third ohl franchise in 1988 upon the relocation of the hamilton steelhawks .
among these were the imposition of fines , the confiscation and/or destruction of property , the imprisonment and/or expulsion of civilians who aided guerrillas , the relocation of populations , the taking of hostages , and the possible execution of guerrillas who failed to abide by the laws of war .
as part of the construction of the sydney harbour bridge and relocation of the north shore line to extend across the bridge into the city , a new milsons point station was built on the northern approach to the bridge and opened on 19 march,1932 .
the new jersey devils are the relocation team of the colorado rockies .
when the company moved to a suburb of buffalo , new york , in 1902 , its relocation led to the founding of the town of lackawanna , new york .
relocation and center for great apes .
virtually empty during the 1930s the townsite became one of the five relocation centres for japanese - canadian internees in the lillooet area and thereby became the temporary home of dr. masajiro miyazaki , who was appointed coroner in lillooet during the war despite his internment and became one of lillooet 's two order of canada winners .
the course has undergone significant changes since the 80s when a chipwood track was put in on the outer half of the course proper and a major redevelopment in late 2004 to be come the present training centre with all training of horses ceasing at elwick racecourse along with the relocation of elwick based trainers to stables build along the back straight of the track .
the concessions sought by eta and its political supporters ( which included the relocation of eta inmates from jails all over spain to penitentiaries located in the basque region and the halting of arrests and trials of eta suspects ) had not been attended .
economically , us municipal governments use tax increment financing ( tif ) to rehabilitate decayed city communities with real estate development partnerships , between the municipal governments and public - private partnerships and non - profit organizations , and so offer subsidized , discounted - interest - rate mortgages to artists who buy property and reside in neighborhoods being gentrified , e.g. the " paducah artist relocation program " of paducah , kentucky .
the poetry about his homeland dar al - manasir and the ongoing issue of the relocation of his tribe as a result of the merowe dam project is written in the colloquial arab language of the manasir .
fort belvoir was initially the home of the army engineer school prior to its relocation in the 1980s to fort leonard wood , in missouri .
the status of team sports could change with the possible relocation of a golden baseball league franchise currently known as the reno silver sox , who are being forced to relocate due to the arrival of the pacific coast league 's reno aces .
diversified managed the relocation of the united states coast guard from it ’s facility located at the university of connecticut campus at avery point in groton , connecticut .
after being paroled from prison in " cape feare " ( season five , 1993 ) , bob targets bart directly , threatening him repeatedly and forcing the simpsons to move to terror lake as part of the witness relocation program .
rocket nets , as well as the very similar cannon nets , are used in conservation programs where a large number of live animals need to be captured for analysis , veterinary care or relocation .
realogy ( pronounced " rēl′ ə jē " , as in " real " estate ) is a privately owned company that provides real estate and relocation services .
while a nurse 's license may be multi - state , permanent relocation to another compact state requires obtaining licensure in the new state , as their residency has changed .
whoever steps up has to provide their own property for relocation , too .
the leader of the drug - dealing gang is brought in for questioning , and marshall tries to tempt him into providing information in exchange for witsec relocation : a whole new life , new identity , a chance to do anything he 's ever wanted and going anyplace he 's dreamed of seeing .
utility infrastructure and service equipment relocation can improve aesthetics .
following penn 's permanent relocation to las vegas in 1997 , the group disbanded .
in fact , all 12 mayors of northern okinawa have publicly accepted the new relocation plan .
she made the move to television with a guest - starring role in the series " wonderfalls " , and was recently seen in the feature film " radio " , starring cuba gooding jr. she was most recently seen in the theatrical feature " american pastime " , as katie burrell , the daughter of a japanese relocation camp sergeant
the ' host ' would then send an email to the kbfr contact ( usually a friend , or friend of a friend ) that there had been a ' visit ' and the transmitter site relocation team would wait a few hours ( for the fcc to leave town ) pick up the box , and relocate it to another site in boulder usually preset up with antenna already in place .
examples of these modifications were the relocation of the pitot head from the nose to the side of the cockpit , and the change from de havilland " needle blade " propellers to hamilton standard or nash kelvinator made " paddle blade " propellers .
relocation of existing utilities within the shopping center , and upgrading pedestrian walkways and vehicular facilities .
he demonstrated that with simple relocation of these colors , and experiment with the proportionality of various square surfaces one can achieve extremely different ambiances and various feelings .
he argued unsuccessfully for the relocation of esther from the canon to the apocrypha , since without the deuterocanonical sections , it never mentions god .
the first fund - raising campaign in the school history was held on 6 march 1999 , a few months after the school relocation .
however , the first ancestors who were g2a1 could have been small in number , and a relocation from elsewhere is possible .
in october 2002 , then - mayor laurier t. raymond wrote an open letter addressed to leaders of the somali community , predicting a negative impact on the city 's social services and requesting that they discourage further relocation to lewiston .
ernesto medina - cue , clemente calma , felix estrada , geronimo tiangco , belen espino and ramon fraundorff were among the many physicians who laboriously took charge of the equipment inventory and relocation .
us 31 has three planned relocation sections in northern indiana .
both toxteth ( liverpool ) and chapeltown ( leeds ) were originally built as affluent areas of the city , however the relocation of industry , poor connections and the influx of migrant workers had led to a downfall in their fortunes and the large victorian terraces and villas were divided up into low rent bed sits .
relocation to santa fe and edna ballard 's death .
such industrial relocation has accentuated the trend of marriage between hong kong working - class men and mainland women ( so , 2002 ) .
for more information see topaz war relocation center .
the llwas - rs program is divided into two efforts : pole relocation and system sustainment .
big spring 's population and economy have steadily declined since the closure in 1977 of webb air force base , and the relocation of the corporate offices of cosden petroleum to dallas .
established in 1844 it was effectively a relocation of trading operations from fort chilcotin farther south , which had failed due to disinterest and resistance by the tsilhqot'in people .
topaz war relocation center .
the relocation of the school was achieved over two stages : the primary departments moved in july 1917 , and the rest of the school in january 1918 .
it was not long after this relocation , that boyd was discovered by producer ( & future husband ) james earley and brought to hammer 's attention that angie was a vocalist .
since 1995 , the relocation of the embassy from tel aviv has been suspended by the president semi - annually , each time stating that " [ the ] administration remains committed to beginning the process of moving our embassy to jerusalem " .
as the realization that the seminoles would resist relocation sank in , florida began preparing for war .
for his next step michio , with the help of a leftist extremist group and garai , kidnaps taizo yubashito , the ceo of a construction company who had been tasked with the reconstruction of okino mafune island and the relocation of the mw , which had been split into two amounts .
during world war ii , he and his family were interned at topaz war relocation center in utah , where mori edited the journal trek for a year .
once established in the country , companies are allocated a relationship manager with the skills to help grow the business and are offered a relocation service that helps their executives settle there .
the university 's architecture follows the georgian style popular at the time of the campus ' relocation to east parkway .
this area was bombed out , as with much of london , during the blitz in the second world war causing a relocation of the few ethnic chinese who had lived there to other areas .
with this sale came the relocation of wthk and its sister stations to its old facility in hudson along with a format change that november to its current oldies format with the wzcr calls soon following .
most common are towable offices built on an axled iron frame for easy relocation .
the board of trustees decided a relocation was necessary and began to search for a new complex .
following the relocation to the new parliament house in 1995 , the combined library service was officially opened on may 22 by the minister responsible for libraries , hon steve hatton mla .
proceedings says that the california department of fish and game , to capture sea otters underwater for a relocation program , successfully used a net cage apparatus front - mounted on a dacor scooter diver propulsion vehicle steered by a diver with a silent bubbleless closed circuit oxygen rebreather .
following this relocation , he became actively involved in l.a. 's entertainment industry , variably serving in the capacity of production assistant , stand - in , photo double and actor .
the school feared the controversy will delay its relocation .
one resettlement village in particular experienced a greater than 50% population reduction in the 23 years following relocation .
cox led their second relocation , this time to 24 west 57th street .
on 26 october 2005 , the governments of the united states and japan agreed to move the relocation site for futenma from the reef area off henoko to the interior and coastal portions of the existing marine infantry base at camp schwab , just a few hundred meters away from the offshore facility .
following relocation of station operations to the new building , tenders were called for the purchase and removal of the old building from the site .
the space for the two seat cockpit is provided by a relocation of avionic equipment and a 6% reduction in internal fuel ; two - seat hornets are otherwise fully combat - capable .
in 1942 , karl , elaine , and son tom went to the japanese relocation center in manzanar .
the album 's release was complicated by kelly 's relocation to maine in late 2003 and record label issues .
including relocation of the tesco superstore near to the city 's sainsbury 's store in parc tawe , the new retail precinct will be almost four times the size of the quadrant centre .
august 2006 - relocation of hq to dublin , ireland : goadvertising limited
the two disagreed on the valuation of the site , davies offered what was believed to be the market price of gb£3.5 m , goodway demanded £ 14 m for the relocation of council staff .
as a result , the gestapo took a lively interest in de hartog himself , who had joined the non - military dutch resistance movement , performing / writing plays while assisting in the concealment and relocation of jewish babies to avoid having them sent to concentration camps .
in september 1943 , the wartime relocation authority ( wra ) released george from the center because he had promise of employment from the annenberg and erickson florist shop in new york city .
during this time he was incarcerated at the multnomah county jail in portland , and later sent to the minidoka war relocation center in idaho .
around the beginning of 2004 , bass player vlad cadillac was forced to quit the band due to relocation .
the braves play their first season in atlanta , following their relocation from milwaukee .
highlighting the potential to push attendances and membership beyond 50,000 , the club decided to push for a relocation to the mcg in line with the ' family club ' mantra .
relocation of the chinese capital .
after several nfl teams used cleveland as a relocation threat to become the reactivated browns ( most notably the denver broncos and tampa bay buccaneers ) , the nfl decided in 1998 to make the reactivated browns an expansion team , which while it temporarily gave the league an odd number of teams ( causing at least one team to be off in each of the 17 weeks of the nfl season from 1999 - 2001 ) , it also eliminated any possibility of an existing franchise giving up its own identity for the browns and thus prevented more lawsuits .
members also handle national and international employee relocation and personal property moves for the private sector and u.s. government agencies ( through the general services administration ) as well as for active duty u.s. military personnel ( department of defense business represents the industry 's largest single customer ) .
a further blow was the relocation of the trans - canada highway , which once ran through the centre of town but was relocated in the 1960s to the wentworth valley .
he was completing a historical treatment of andrew jackson and the " trail of tears " forced relocation of the native americans , to be published by simon & schuster in 2010 .
on 25 march 1998 , he was appointed manager of reading , who were struggling in division one in what was their final season at elm park before the relocation to madejski stadium .
the accident sparked efforts to avoid such events , including habitat modification , aversion tactics , herding and relocation , and culling of flocks .
because of its low population density and diverse economy , james wesley rawles and joel skousen both recommend the intermountain west region of the united states as a preferred region for relocation and setting up retreats .
the 1962 dallas texans season was the final season of lamar hunt ’s american football league franchise before its relocation to kansas city , missouri from dallas , texas .
he also pushed for the relocation of louisiana state university from the downtown to the southern part of baton rouge .
the final phase of the roads ' relocation northwards ( at blue mountain drive ) was not completed until around 1996 .
after the sale , opposition to the relocation plan emerged .
relocation of allied forces southern europe ( afsouth ) to the area previously occupied by the camp at bagnoli started in january 1953 , and the new complex was formally activated on 4 april 1954 , the day of the 5th anniversary of the north atlantic treaty .
the result has been the displacement of thousands of families into temporary relocation areas and onto the pavement in symphony way .
another significant event brought on by the fall of little rock was the relocation of the state capital .
cold war forced relocation .
with the recent relocation of parsons chevrolet , " on that crazy corner " just above the village , there is some suspicion that this widening of route 4 will come sooner rather than later .
the mexico devils ( diablos rojos del mexico ) are their hated rival , and despite tigres 's relocation to puebla in 2002 and cancun in 2006 , the rivalry endures .
as of feb. 2010 there has been no written document from the navy ( or any other official governmental body ) that requests either the closure or relocation of st. marys airport .
after colonisation , cane lost its importance due to the destruction and decline of canebreaks , forced relocation of indigenous people , and the availability of superior technology from abroad .
despite the clearance of victorian terraces during the early 1960s and the relocation of most households to overspill estates like hattersley , many new houses and flats were built in ancoats by the local council .
there is to be a relocation of the hunter health center to a more central area where consumers can access it .
a new death row was constructed in 1992 , coinciding with the relocation of inmates from the state prison next door .
the relocation of route 15 in 1948 to the new wilbur cross highway ( then a four lane surface road ) also resulted in an eastward extension of route 20 to end at the new highway .
within three years , the state legislature and newly - elected governor john bigler had authorized the capital 's relocation three more times , to sacramento , benicia and finally a permanent return to sacramento .
there is also a village of seminoles which has lived at red bays on andros island in the bahamas since the british relinquishment of its claim to florida in 1821 and relocation of families allied with their claims against spain .
with the depotentiation of the heian court and the relocation of the capital to kamakura , near modern day tokyo , many intellectuals , amidst social chaos , grew disillusioned and chose to live in asceticism – a trend that also reflected the growing importance of pure land buddhism .
during the relocation project , most buildings with no special historical significance were removed .
in planning the dam project , engineers anticipated that building the dam would flood nine alaska native villages , forcing the relocation of an estimated 1,500 people .
he was the editor of the last issue of " rafu shimpo " published before the forced relocation took place .
in 2008 the club changed its name from heywood hockey club to rochdale hockey club due to the relocation of the clubs training and matches being played in rochdale and not heywood as in previous years .
the commission on wartime relocation and internment of civilians was established to investigate the circumstances surrounding the wwii internment and provide its findings to the congress and the president .
in the summer of 2008 there was mention in the las vegas media that the san diego chargers may be considering las vegas as a relocation destination .
the shivnetras are almost extinct today due the widespread relocation and displacement of this community .
at a distance of 563 meters ( 1,850 feet ) it is the furthest known relocation of a sizable building .
originally a student of jazz and classical music , on relocation to the west coast , woods started playing jump and rhythm and blues .
throughout the years the school 's ownership changed from private to public , and the ever growing number of students resulted twice in the relocation of the school .
in 2006 , the alabama department of transportation began a relocation study for the southern half of sr-147 .
while originally built with the hope of luring the packers to milwaukee permanently , county stadium was treated primarily as a baseball facility following the relocation of the braves .
the winnipeg arena was also home to the winnipeg warriors of the ( junior ) whl from 1980 through 1984 prior to the warriors relocation to moose jaw , saskatchewan , and the winnipeg monarchs of the same league in the 1960s and 70s .
as of january 2010 , the project was demolishing old structures freed up by the relocation .
abiaca , ar - pi - uck - i , opoica , arpeika , aripeka , aripeika ) , had not surrendered , however , and were known to be vehemently opposed to relocation .
by october 1914 , the hotel 's financial position had improved sufficiently to allow the shareholders to approve the renovation plans , which included demolishing the old dining room and kitchen to create eight shops that could be leased , and first class bedrooms and small apartments ; construction of a new dining room in the centre of the hotel ; relocation of the kitchen on the top floor to allow the conversion to bachelor 's bedrooms ; and conversion of part of the bar and billiard room into a grill room .
one of the wra camps , manzanar , was designated a national historic site in 1992 to " provide for the protection and interpretation of historic , cultural , and natural resources associated with the relocation of japanese americans during world war ii " ( public law 102 - 248 ) .
in addition to lobbying the state and federal governments to assist with funding the relocation of the foundry , the city of port adelaide enfield have proposed a new location for the foundry , a dedicated ' cast metals precinct ' in an industrial zoned area , free of residents and approximately 10 to 15 minutes from the foundry 's current location .
an example is the relocation of some villagers from bhagawathi and nassehalla habitations within the kudremukh national park to safer regions outside it .
the project includes the relocation of the old northern stand 's heritage roof into part of the redevelopment of facilities at invermay park .
the residents of barangays old balara , culiat and pasong tamo in quezon city are against c-5 north extension project because their homes are planning to demolish but the residents have no enough money for relocation .
the five civilized tribes in the south were the most prominent tribes displaced by the policy , a relocation that came to be known as the trail of tears during the choctaw removals starting in 1831 .
since its relocation in 1957 to its present site in the southern suburbs of calcutta , near garia , it has grown into a huge complex with varied activities .
architect peter de bretteville , who was in charge of the move and refurbishment , noted : " the difficult relocation was accomplished by dividing the apartment into four separate sections , preserving all of the structure 's spanish roof tiles and other elements of the charming brick and tile courtyard , including its central fish pond , which was recreated to its original appearance on the new site .
the series of relocation maneuvers were completed in december 1990 and the satellite was then configured for operational use .
relocation .
the forebay committee was put in charge of negotiating with the chemawawin people the terms of the relinquishing of their land and relocation .
in addition , flooding forced the relocation of some polling places in southeastern ohio .
the criticism received over its handling of the star ferry pier caused michael suen , the secretary for housing , planning and lands , to propose a piece - by - piece relocation of the pier to a new location on the reclaimed waterfront during a legco session on 21 march 2007 .
the outbreak of world war ii meant that the relocation of people and the complete italianization of the area was never fully accomplished .
relocation of st. peter 's parish .
the sale and relocation of the franchise to halifax was later approved .
relocation .
a decade later , merger and relocation talks amongst victorian clubs continue .
tustin high school will also be moving into tustin legacy , though its relocation is yet to be confirmed .
operation new arrivals ( april 29–september 16 1975 ) was the relocation of more than 120,000 vietnamese refugees from pacific island staging areas to the united states .
self - relocation .
ottoman use of tehcir as forced relocation within the same territory is distinctly different than deportation , exile and extradition from a territory .
some of the larger firms have disappeared due to relocation and retrenchment and poor transport links have been a handicap .
the program ran for one season on thursday evenings as the lead to " the donna reed show " and opposite nbc 's " outlaws " , with barton maclane and don collier . " guestward ho " was replaced by the relocation of " the adventures of ozzie and harriet " .
today there is a new push of development in the area as well as nearby midtown that began with the relocation of the historic , upscale colcord oyster bar to an a - alley storefront from the renovated colcord building in the central business district .
the hawthorn football club and st kilda football clubs have been playing " home " matches at aurora stadium since 2001 , supported by the tasmanian government in an attempt to build a local following and leave open a possibility of future relocation .
these include : the construction and relocation of highway 99e through town in the early sixties ; playboy magazine naming chico state the number one party school in the nation in 1987 ; and the establishment of a green line on the western city limits as protection of agricultural lands .
utility relocation work in connection with a expansion of the streetcar system to the city 's inner eastside began in mid - august 2009 .
planned relocation to phaleron bay .
in september 1942 , they were moved to the granada war relocation center in the southeastern region of colorado , near the small town of granada .
as different as these groups were , their histories displayed a common thread of forced relocation .
a later work is " the company we keep : an ethics of fiction , " in which he returns to the topic of rhetorical effects in fiction , and " argues for the relocation of ethics to the center of our engagement with literature " ( cover note , " the company we keep " ) .
the kingpriest called for the genocidal destruction of the ogre races , and the relocation of the dwarves and kender .
in later versions of the format , cmd files can also contain relocation information and resident system extensions .
the later relocation of the magazine release button means these models ( 92 & 92s ) can not necessarily use later magazines , unless they have notches in both areas .
surrender and relocation .
the civic improvements , however , had sufficiently modernized the city that relocation of the capital was never again discussed as a serious option .
in 1954 , hulme 's parents separated ; her father resigned from his position as rector of canterbury college and planned a subsequent relocation to england .
however , after federation with the university of toronto , it became clear that the relocation of trinity to the grounds of uoft was a necessary reality , and thus hopes of a double quadrangle soon disappeared .
his work of the decade or so following this relocation shows a relaxation and a softening of his approach .
in the final “ section v describes w ’s relocation downstairs to sit in her mother ’s rocking chair where she will wait for death ” in exactly the same manner as her mother before her .
1985 relocation to tel - aviv , israel .
as reported by malkin , an attempt to ban the book from the manzanar national historic site ( a former relocation and internment camp ) failed .
the station was opened may 4 , 1987 as part of the southwest corridor orange line relocation project .
in 1983 , the commission on wartime relocation and internment of civilians ( cwric ) concluded that the incarceration of japanese americans had not been justified by military necessity .
the building is currently undergoing major internal renovation following the relocation of the pharmacology and bioscience departments to new accommodation in the john arbuthnott ( sipbs ) building , and the installation of a new heating system .
understanding the danger samuel represents , joseph sends young - arnold to " coyote sands relocation center " back in 1961 , but he arrives earlier when the center is being built and is taken down by adam monroe , which causes arnold to suffer amnesia .
despite winning the national challenge cup , the relocation to new york was not a financial success and for the fall 1931 season mark relocated the new york yankees to new bedford , massachusetts where they merged with fall river f.c. and became the new bedford whalers .
commission on wartime relocation and internment of civilians .
almost 120,000 japanese americans and resident japanese aliens would eventually be removed from their homes in california , the western halves of oregon and washington and southern arizona as part of the single largest forced relocation in u.s. history .
several local owen sound businesspeople realized that an out - of - town buyer would mean losing the team to relocation .
the two 18-bit base registers ( one for instruction storage and one for data storage ) permitted dynamic relocation : as a program got swapped in and out of main memory , its instructions and data could be placed anywhere each time it got reloaded .
following the relocation of the university campus to diliman , quezon city after world war ii , the building that housed the college of law was named " malcolm hall " after malcolm , a name that is carried as of 2008 .
tokyo ’s fighters fans voiced their opposition to the proposed relocation ( though the franchise never drew as many fans as their co - habitual counterparts , the giants , while playing in the capital ) , but it was eventually announced that the team would indeed call the sapporo dome its new home beginning in 2004 .
the changes included the doubling of the residential area , relocation of the old town centre ( now called " old cromwell town " ) , upgrading of services , and the provision of modern educational and sports facilities , and a new bridge .
because of this , the national park service has chosen to use " relocation center " in referring to the camps .
the 202d engineering installation squadron , headquartered in macon , provides worldwide engineering , installation and relocation of command , control , communications , computers and intelligence systems .
the school had also been designated a " science , mathematics , and technology " magnet school , for a number of years prior to the relocation .
garinger was in essence the relocation of central high school , charlotte 's first high school .
in 1974 , the navajo - hopi land settlement act was passed and begun the navajo - hopi indian relocation commission that made sure every hopi and navajo indian living on the other ’s land was to be removed .
relocation .
the platform was lengthened in 1903 to accommodate an additional two carriages , necessitating the relocation of the lamp room to a position near the engine shed .
the relocation of sports teams is often controversial .
these problems persisted despite the relocation of buildings from ferrymead to christchurch , including the goods shed ( converted to a two - floor stores building ) and the refreshment room ( converted to staff accommodation ) .
attempted relocation .
it was formed by members of s'klallam communities along the eastern end of the strait of juan de fuca in 1874 when , faced with the threat of forced relocation by white settlers , a group purchased a tract of and established a community near dungeness named " jamestown " in honor of village leader james balch .
the plan was rejected and resulted in the team 's relocation to los angeles in 1958 .
holy cross relocation .
tank relocation services can be utilized on land or via navigable waterways .
construction and relocation of kentucky 80 in graves , calloway and marshall counties during this time caused the route to be split .
relocation .
friction between the greek and ethnic macedonian children led to the relocation of the greek children .
its own relocation compensation requirements are lower than the ura 's .
but action on ground was initiated by the architects who prepared the report in association with the local shopkeepers , occupants and commercial establishments in the street and the local municipal officer who implemented , voluntarily , the regulation of the shop fronts and signage ; the expenses for relocation and redesign of the shop signs were borne by each individual establishment .
father hewitt 's dream began to see fruition in 1950 , with the opening of mcelroy hall and the relocation of the junior and senior classes to the new campus .
after the trial , in a highly publicized relocation he moved to the persian gulf island of bahrain , as a guest of sheikh abdullah .
by the end of the decade , the relocation of the southeastern indian tribes to oklahoma was largely complete .
the exe loader uses a relocation table to find the segments which need to be adjusted .
due to the condition of greenville municipal stadium , and the failure to reach an agreement with the greenville county council for a new ballpark , the team pursued relocation .
station relocation .
this case is about fred korematsu , who refused to obey the wartime order to leave his home and report to a relocation camp for japanese americans .
relocation ( 1858 ) .
surface transportation and uniform relocation assistance act .
on 18 april 1911 , the portuguese liner " lusitania " was wrecked just south of cape point at on bellows rock for precisely this reason , prompting the relocation of the lighthouse .
nowadays , almost 30 years after the relocation , the company is seeking to build new office and warehouse premises in the patras industrial zone .
relocation .
it is able to maneuver with its own engines ( to counter drift and ocean currents ) , but for long - distance relocation it must be moved by specialist tugboats .
although isolated groups of zoroastrians may be presumed to have immigrated between the 12th and 16th centuries , due to persecution ( for instance , the mughal emperor akbar encouraged relocation of skilled iranians — irrespective of their religion ) .
in 1980 , jimmy carter signed legislation to create the commission on wartime relocation and internment of civilians ( cwric ) .
with that difficult experience behind them , daryl abandoned painting to become director of the art gallery of victoria , which necessitated their relocation to melbourne until his retirement .
the colombian government has repeatedly ordered evacuations to temporary shelters , of more than 8500 people residing in the highest risk areas surrounding the volcano , with hopes of eventual assistance toward permanent relocation .
inverness is home to scottish natural heritage following that body 's relocation from edinburgh under the auspices of the scottish government 's decentralisation strategy .
however problems associated with political unrest and alleged widespread drug usage amongst the student body led to the resignation of the vincennes university president and the relocation of the campus to saint - denis by the french government in 1980 .
relocation .
despite the high hopes of this u.s. 301 extension being built ( the summit bridge itself and its approaches , completed in 1960 , was built to highway standards ) , local opposition forced deldot to abandoned its plans for the u.s. 301 extension in the 1990s , resurrecting it in 2006 as the planned relocation of us 301 that will connect the present - day u.s. 301 highway in maryland with the delaware rt . 1 turnpike near st. georges , delaware .
the key to why a relocation is necessary is that the customer does not have the resource or equipment available to move the asset .
following the choctaw indians ' relocation to the area over the trail of tears , and the establishment of the choctaw nation there , honobia became home to a choctaw settlement .
osman saleh mohammed was also responsible for the ministry of education 's relocation of all 12th grades in the country to the warsay yika'alo school at sawa .
greensboro i-40 relocation .
neither baltimore nor the cleveland browns have appeared since the cleveland browns relocation controversy and the rams have not played since relocating to st. louis .
it was constructed following the availability of land resulting from the relocation of james swan 's cattle market to chesser , and was sited near to haymarket railway station .
initially formed in oxford as a sound system in 1988 by neil perch and ben hamilton , colin cod and dave tench joined in 1990 upon relocation to london .
without operating profits a relocation of the factory was not feasible , and thus , without any prospects , the fertilizer production was shut down in 1989 .
the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff of the bundeswehr , general klaus naumann , visits the mgfa and announces the relocation of the institute to potsdam .
the report indicates that many people were traumatised by the accident and the rapid relocation that followed ; they remain anxious about their health , perceiving themselves as helpless victims rather than survivors , mainly because of the lack of credible information about the effects of the accident .
the minidoka war relocation center was in operation from 1942–45 and one of ten camps at which japanese americans , both citizens and resident aliens , were interned during world war ii.under provisions of president roosevelt 's executive order 9066 , all persons of japanese ancestry were excluded from the west coast of the united states .
the growth spurts waxed and waned with wars and recessions respectively , as did its ethnic diversity : irish - catholics from the famine in ireland , the polish - jewish refugees from eastern europe after world war ii , the influx in the 1960s of african americans escaping poverty and legal discrimination of the south , and surge of puerto rican relocation .
the relocation was not made , but the spur and its continuation north to west virginia was added , and was numbered state route 117 in the 1923 renumbering .
the united states acquired of agricultural land for transfer of lands to mexico and for half of the river relocation .
before him , dorothea lange had visited all eleven japanese - american internment camps while a staff photographer for the war relocation authority .
relocation to st. louis .
relocation to america .
after the relocation , both of the a. m. and p. m. school sections have expanded into full - day curricula .
business has further declined recently , due to the relocation of vosper thorneycroft .
the motive of the founding fathers was to redress the vacuum situation following the relocation of warri college , the then government secondary school in the city to ughelli as government college , ughelli in 1946 and the founding of urhobo college in effurun ( outskirt of warri ) by urhobo progressive union ( upu ) in 1946 .
dpm managed the relocation for 120 employees into a180,000-square - foot laboratory and office in andover , massachusetts .
bob mosley 's relocation to the santa cruz area has been noteworthy for weekly guest appearances with veteran country artist larry hosford , a stalwart of the santa cruz music scene , and in occasional duos with ex - doobie brothers keyboardist dale ockerman .
during national disasters , such as the many floods that strike bangladesh , scouts are called to help with flood control , relocation of citizens and organizing shelters .
however , other uses exist , such as the strategic and tactical relocation of armed forces during warfare , or the civilian mobility construction or emergency equipment .
