" versus " is an album of remakes , remixes , and collaborations of kings of convenience .
other remakes include " katten och kanariefågeln " ( " the cat and the canary " ) , a 1961 swedish television film directed by jan molander , and " the cat and the canary " ( 1979 ) , a british film directed by radley metzger .
it consists of eleven tracks , seven of which are vocal remakes .
the arcade and initial home console versions include selections from punk rock bands the offspring and bad religion , though these have been removed in both the game boy advance and the playstation portable remakes because of licensing issues .
the remakes add a new twist to the game by having bowser , who waits at the top middle of the screen , cause the conveyor belt to reverse on occasion , forcing mario and luigi to correct it with switches placed at their sides .
the game sold close to a million copies ( including remakes and ports ) , making it a financial success as well .
film remakes based on the first two dalek television stories were produced in 1965 ( " dr .
even though these films were remakes of earlier shemp efforts , palma 's services were needed to link what few new scenes were filmed to the older stock footage .
in contrast , her third album , niña de fuego , contains mostly songs ( coplas , bulerías , rumbas ) written by javier limón , her artistic producer , and buika herself , along with remakes of classic spanish coplas ( including the song that gives name to the album 's title ) and a mexican ballad song .
note that the sequels are not based on stephen king 's work , except " creepshow 2 " and the remakes .
remakes .
remakes of the diana are currently produced as " diana+ " by lomography and sell online or at retail stores worldwide .
remakes of " mario " games have been released over the years by nintendo , often with updated graphics and added features .
since then , his repertoire has included " boleros " ( romantic spanish music ) , " tangos " ( argentinian music ) and " rancheras " ( mexican music ) , remakes of songs from the 60 's , dozens of his own songs , even lyrical pieces .
ring the alarm " remakes a scene from the 1992 film " basic instinct " , referred by natalie more of " in these times " an infamous scene .
there are currently 12 console games in the entire series and 16 mobile phone games ; 4 of which are remakes from the console releases .
however , together , with the sales of the remakes , " dragon quest iii " is the most successful title in the series and one of the best selling role - playing games in japan .
remakes .
remakes .
a mix of new songs and remakes ( possibly done because some songs were not available in new zealand ) , " love woman " is now a hard rock jam featuring jimmy on lead .
coco d'or songs are modern remakes of popular classic jazz songs , such as " misty " by ella fitzgerald and " fly me to the moon " by frank sinatra .
both of these remakes were directed by hawks , both starred john wayne and in each case , the script was written by leigh brackett .
whereas the band 's previous spanish albums featured remakes of songs released in their previous albums , this album features only original material written specifically for the latin american market .
later , in the mid-1980s , under her married name hilary heath , she began a career as a producer , receiving screen credit as either producer or executive producer for several movies , including " criminal law " ( 1998 ) and tv - remakes of daphne du maurier 's " rebecca " ( 1997 ) and tennessee williams ' " the roman spring of mrs. stone " ( 2003 ) .
after a lot of promotion and touring that year , they decided to take a break and also to never again play " männer sind schweine " during concerts , due in part to its huge chart success , which in turn attracted remakes , e.g. " frauen sind schweine " ( " women are pigs " ) .
this album contained remakes of original baccara recordings from the late 1970s and some new songs .
captures shurparak and remakes the old city of mahikavati i.e. kelve mahim .
the siblings were given the show by abc - tv president fred silverman after he saw the duo co - host a week on " the mike douglas show " which followed their series of popular remakes of oldies , such as "
ep with remakes and live performances , edited by gua gua musica .
in addition to the remakes of individual games such as " re - bout " , " ultimate match " , and " unlimited match " , snk playmore has released compilations of their " kof " games .
similar films and remakes .
many of singer laura branigan 's 1980s hits were english - language remakes of songs already successful in europe , for the american record market .
a later australian serial , " sons and daughters " , has inspired five remakes produced under license from the original producers and based , initially , on original story and character outlines .
remakes .
both remakes were made by warner bros. , which acquired the 1937 film when they first remade it .
adaptations and remakes .
so much love " and remakes of two 1970s soul hits : rufus & chaka khan 's " sweet thing " and the emotions ' " i do n't want to lose your love " .
part of the regional beach music or shag music scene , centered in the carolinas and surrounding states , includes both the original classic recordings and numerous remakes over the years .
since then , demme 's films have included remakes of two popular films : " the truth about charlie " , a remake of " charade " that starred mark wahlberg in the cary grant role ; and " the manchurian candidate " , with denzel washington and meryl streep .
lupe fiasco had produced the song in an attempt to construct a mashup mixtape containing hip hop remakes of alternative rock singer thom yorke 's solo album , " the eraser " coupled with a few radiohead songs .
he noted that there were only seven new tracks , and that the rest were either remixes or remakes of songs from " naïve " , kmfdm 's previous album .
these had to be used sparingly , however , as most of the shorts with besser were remakes of earlier films , and new footage had to be matched with old .
more recently , konner and rosenthal worked on the remakes for " mighty joe young " and " planet of the apes " .
remakes .
this album contains reinterpretations ( remakes ) of jazz standard compositions written by legendary artists such as duke ellington , johnny mercer , among others ( as listed in parenthesis in the track list ) .
she is here is a website dedicated to the " ring"/"the ring " franchise of films and novels , concentrating on the american remakes .
his story has directly inspired several books , movies and two movie remakes and at least one tv series .
some of the strongest 1970s noirs , in fact , were unwinking remakes of the classics , " neo " mostly by default : the heartbreaking " thieves like us " ( 1973 ) , directed by altman from the same source as ray 's " they live by night " , and " farewell , my lovely " ( 1975 ) , the chandler tale made classically as " murder , my sweet " , remade here with robert mitchum in his last notable noir role .
remakes .
remakes .
1978 saw two disparate remakes of " he 's so fine " chart .
these include the remakes of " fail safe " ( 2000 ) and " the quatermass experiment " ( 2005 ) .
" the washington post"s bill friskics - warren shared a similar sentiment in his review , writing " staples reinvests … with the moral authority to speak to social and economic injustices that persist today " and " rarely have ' remakes ' sounded so tonic or inspired " .
remakes of late 1970s horror movies became routine in the 2000s .
sequels and remakes .
" ys i " and " ys ii " have been released together several times , both as compilations and remakes .
these were remakes of the classic epiphone archtops of the 1930 's and 40 's .
her " kong " screenplay was the basis for two remakes of " king kong " , one in 1976 and one in 2005 .
during villarruel period , iconic shows includes resistiré , montecristo ( argentine telenovela ) , los roldan , vidas robadas , los exitosos pells , los simuladores , hermanos y detectives , amor en custodia and highly - successful local remakes of american sitcoms including casados con hijos and la niñera .
bandai unveiled their wonderswan color handheld system in and had immediately headed up a deal with square co. to release enhanced remakes of their first three " final fantasy " titles on the new console .
mary weiss was one of the creators of the real live brady bunch at the annoyance theater , which lead to a series of feature film remakes .
they are currently doing business as ozark legacy and have developed a web site devoted to fans and providing current news about remakes of ozark softscape games .
remakes .
japanese enhanced remakes were released for the saturn and windows systems in 1998 and 1999 , respectively .
however , the " san francisco chronicle " liked it , calling it " as good as family entertainment gets " and reel.com called it " the best of the recent slew of disney remakes " .
" spirit in the sky " remakes .
it is a thoroughly commercial cinema : highly corporate , concentrating on crowd - pleasing genres like comedy and action , and relying heavily on formulas , sequels and remakes .
according to lloyd kaufman , due to the remake of his brother charles ' film " mother 's day " major motion picture companies are interested in doing remakes of other troma films .
eric m. armstrong of " the moving arts film journal " wrote that " the crazies " is a solid b - movie and one of the few remakes that actually surpasses the original . "
rockapampangan : the birth of philippine kapampangan rock , " an album of modern remakes of folk kapampangan extemporaneous songs by various kapampangan bands was also launched last february 2008 , which are now regularly played via kapampangan cable channel infomax-8 and via one of central luzon 's biggest fm radio stations , gvfm 99.1 .
as a consequence , the hit remakes starring eddie murphy were released by universal pictures .
foray into hindi remakes .
in addition quite a few unofficial sequels , remakes , homages and updates have been released .
yolkfolk.com offer hosting for such remakes and have a comprehensive list of them on their site .
the shows featured remakes of ' 60s classics and several top hits from styx and night ranger .
other remakes in the album , such as " miracle " , " full of happiness " , " do n't don " , " marry u " and " a man in love " are all previous hit singles by super junior , and are re - arranged to sound more suitable for the chinese language , however nonetheless , keeping close to original k - pop vibe . "
prior to " the last remnant " , sekito had spent the previous decade primarily arranging the work of other composers for remakes and re - releases of various square enix games such as the " final fantasy " series and the " mana " series .
the twisters never released an album , but did release several singles on duel records , including remakes of bobby darin 's " jailer , bring me water , " bobby freeman 's " do you want to dance , " and " bony maronie , " and penned " peppermint twist time " in honor of the club that gave them a home .
it contained mostly remakes of songs from " per un amico " in english .
the film is also ranked seventh overall when comparing it to all horror remakes , as well as seventh place for all slasher films in general , in unadjusted dollars .
the album features two covers and remakes of 3 songs b.e. co - wrote while in the b. e. taylor group .
though originally intended to be only three games , it has grown to encompass a number of remakes , gaidens and genre spin - offs across a variety of platforms .
these remakes are still running although they have long since diverged from the original australian storylines .
it included such remakes of tales such as " little red riding hood " , " sleeping beauty " , " hansel and gretel " , " cinderella " , and " the three billy goats gruff " .
both remakes are close adaptations of the original , in many episodes simply moving plots to french or german locations and translating and adapting dialogue and character names into french or german .
remakes .
still , he acknowledges that some parts of the story were " unclear " or were not " looked at in depth " until later ports and remakes of the game .
remakes .
pingu remakes the fish , and he and the others have a fight with the paper mache , getting it on everything .
remakes .
the harmony arrangement of this version was often emulated in subsequent remakes .
remakes .
a 100 min . made - for - tv film was presented as the pilot for the series ; it consisted of four episodes , all remakes of ones from the original series .
conversions and remakes .
these had to be used sparingly , however , as most of the shorts with besser were remakes of earlier films , and new footage had to be matched with old .
initially , remakes ( or " ports " ) of older operating systems like beos and amigaos were very popular .
( however , they also produced technicolor remakes of such musicals as " show boat " , which had previously been filmed in the 1930s . )
the new line - up recorded three live albums that featured remakes of old material and one new track [ quite calm tiredness ] .
the album includes remakes of el hadj mohammed el arika 's " el - h'mam " and rabah deriasa and blaoui houari 's " h'mama " .
sequels , prequels , remakes and clones .
he 's so fine remakes .
the album is include two remakes of the title song , this time with sandra 's voice , the first recordings of the band with their new line - up .
some are remakes of plots used during the series and others continue the canon of the series .
recently , the term " reimagine " has become popular to describe remakes that do not closely follow the original .
other well - known songs include " in the groove , " " take your time , " " crush , " " chill factor , " " corner pocket , " and " sly " ( presumably a tribute to sly stone ) , as well as remakes of classic pop songs like " i 'm not in love " and the luther vandross hits " here and now " and " your secret love . "
remakes .
skull island is a fictional island first appearing in the 1933 film " king kong " and later appearing in its sequels and in the two remakes .
at a press conference he insulted ( using russian obscene language ) irina aroyan , a female journalist who had asked why so many of his songs were remakes of american and european hits .
she played the zeenat aman role in two remakes of yaadon ki baaraat ( 1973 ) : the telugu film " annadamula anubandham"(1975 ) and the tamil film " naalai namathay ( 1975 ) " .
both games have been greeted by sierra fans with enthusiasm , and consider these remakes almost equal to sierra 's later " king 's quest vi " .
remakes .
in both the 1984 and 1995 made for tv remakes , she was portrayed by beverly d'angelo and diane lane .
the success of cogan 's version has inspired remakes by swedish singers kikki danielsson and lotta engberg and by german singer heidi brühl .
it went on to spawn numerous remakes and sequels .
users of the satellaview could download gaming news and specially designed games , which were frequently either remakes of or sequels to older famicom titles , released in installments .
parodies and remakes .
he later came up with a string of remakes including " hera pheri " ( 2000 ) ( remake of " ramji rao speaking " ) , " hungama " ( 2003 ) ( remake of " poochakkoru mookkuthi " ) , " hulchul " ( 2004 ) ( remake of " godfather " ) , " garam masala " ( 2005 ) ( remake of " boeing boeing " ) , " chup chup ke " ( 2006 ) ( remake of " punjabi house"),"bhool bhulaiyaa " ( 2007 ) ( remake of " manichitrathazhu " ) , " bhagam bhag " ( 2008 ) ( remake of " mannar mathai speaking " ) and " billu " ( 2009 ) ( remake of " kadha parayumbol " ) .
during the summer of 2007 they ’ve decided to take a two month break from performing and instead william has started to work with remakes of all the songs they used to perform live .
the success of the"tcm " remake would soon lead to a slew of other slasher remakes , including " toolbox murders " , " house of wax " , " black christmas " , the " reimagining " of john carpenter 's " halloween " , " prom night " , " my bloody valentine 3d " , " friday the 13th " reboot , and " sorority row " . "
araya and his wife are fans of scary movie remakes ; such as " the amityville horror " and " the texas chainsaw massacre " .
various unofficial remakes of megatron toys have been sold by different companies over the years .
angela continues to make music , and after her recent " a puro dolor " , she released a new album , " muy personal " , which includes some new songs in new styles as well as remakes of some of her most famous songs such as " no , no hay nadie mas " and " no se como amarle " from " jesus christ superstar " .
mandy moore recorded a version appearing on her 2003 album " coverage " , which is composed entirely of remakes .
the release of this film will thus complete the parody remakes of the original " star wars " trilogy .
this was a trademark of ross hunter 's remakes of older " weepies " ; he pulled the same trick in lana turner 's versions of " imitation of life " and " madame x " .
in 1932 he was nominated for the academy award for live action short film in the comedy division for producing " the loud mouth " ( with matt mchugh , in the sports - heckler role later taken in columbia pictures remakes by charley chase and shemp howard ) , and he won in the novelty division for his film " wrestling swordfish " .
vgmusic.com accepts remakes / covers , arrangements , and remixes of video game music in midi format .
produced by brooks paschal and mixed by rafe mckenna the album includes two stunning – newly recorded - remakes of the bad company hits “
in line with the agd interactive - created remakes of the original two kings quest games , the game features a point - and - click interface , as well as updated , vga graphics .
beside mexican soaps and their remakes , the channel also air cartoons during the morning , and formats like " ídolos " , brazilian version of american idol , that was replaced to tv record , and the brazilian version of supernanny , which are two of the most watched shows on the channel , and also a version of deal or no deal ( presented by silvio santos himself , who presents many of the network shows ) , lots of talent shows and one dating show .
some of the 1970s episodes were remakes of the 1960s series , presumably so as to be filmed in colour , such as " sykes and a bus " and the episode starring peter sellers .
gameworld network claims that the both the 1995 playstation game warhawk and 2007 version for the playstation 3 ( also called warhawk ) are intended as remakes of the original 8-bit warhawk .
upon investigating , she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft , which he explains that he needs to have some time free from debbie 's controlling manner ( she had previously encouraged alison to berate ben until he remakes himself in her mold , calling it " training " ) .
yoko shimomura composed the music for the three main " kingdom hearts " games and their remakes .
as the single and tour had been so popular the young divas recorded an album of remakes of classics .
this was accompanied by a number of other remakes ( " manic miner pc " , " jet set willy pc " , " splat pc " ) which had already been previously made available prior to the formation of retrospec .
the pc version of " myst " holds an average score of 90% at gamerankings based on six reviews , although the subsequent remakes of the game and the console ports have generally received lower average scores .
unlike in raja 's earlier remakes , which all had music scored by the composer who scored the original version and the same songs as well ( except for " m. kumaran son of mahalakshmi " ) , composer yuvan shankar raja was roped in for the musical score this time , replacing thaman , who composed the music of " kick " .
during its first week of release in japan , " firered " and " leafgreen " sold a combined total of 885,039 copies , which was less than the amount sold by " pokémon ruby " and " sapphire " in that time period , but ign reasoned that the smaller sales were due to the new titles being remakes .
the rest of the soundtrack includes various r&b tracks , including remakes of the kool and the gang classic " jungle boogie " by artist french , and two instrumental pieces from film composer don harper .
remakes .
marshall released several singles in the mid-1980s produced by gussie clarke , including remakes of " throw me corn " and " i admire you " , and released further albums in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
some of the highlights include new songs " crystal t " and " killer dana " along with remakes of chantays originals pipeline , el conquistador and blunderbus .
today , rko pictures llc is the owner of all the trademarks and logos connected with rko radio pictures inc. , as well as the rights concerning stories , screenplays ( including 800 to 900 unproduced scripts ) , remakes , sequels , and prequels connected with the rko library .
remakes and sequels .
party time also included remakes of studio one tunes , including bob dylan 's " i shall be released " , along with newer compositions such as " sufferers ' time " .
dante remakes history after his own passions .
only remakes of damaged premiums are available .
the film 's box - office success was notable for starting a long line of remakes of 70s/80s horror films that continue to the present day ; examples include " the hills have eyes " , " the amityville horror " , " halloween " and " dawn of the dead " .
remakes .
since then the band has recorded several other albums , some of them being further enya remakes , but also including albums of songs by george winston and jim brickman .
the stories were remakes of the 1950s " world tour " episodes , in which kramden and norton win a slogan contest and take their wives to international destinations .
two considerably cleaned - up remakes , both in color , were made of the film , one in 1944 and the other in 1955 .
the films are both , remakes and side - stories to the original manga series .
released in 1963 was the lp " sinatra 's sinatra " , an album that consisted of remakes of songs recorded at columbia and capitol during the 1940s and 1950s .
i had a feeling , " both being remakes of the same - titled songs on agnes carlsson 's 2006 album " stronger " .
remakes .
at the same time , quite a few jokes about them are remakes of jokes about earlier generations of leaders .
the album includes remakes of 2 of his biggest hits with ambrosia , " biggest part of me " and " you 're the only woman " .
these had to be used sparingly , however , as most of the shorts with besser were remakes of earlier films , and new footage had to be matched with old .
it 's inspired in concept and delivery , as barrino pours her all into it and it works : with this one track , she sheds her amidol past and remakes herself into a vibrant , vital diva " . " entertainment weekly " called the song " one of the best r&b numbers of the year . "
in 2002 , the fixx performed a cover version of nancy sinatra 's 1960s classic " these boots are made for walkin ' " for a special album called " when pigs fly " , which featured unique remakes of songs from the 1960s through the 1990s .
remakes .
ia 's " brick films " collection contains stop - motion animation filmed with lego bricks , some of which are " remakes " of feature films . the " election 2004 " collection is a non - partisan public resource for sharing video materials related to the 2004 united states presidential election .
golan 's goal was to release high - quality motion pictures to the american and worldwide film audiences , but 21st century only enjoyed small - scale success releasing low - budget , art - house films like " eraserhead " , as well as remakes of " phantom of the opera " and " night of the living dead " .
roine stolt personally did all the remakes , between december 2006 and january 2007 , and gives comments for each track on the album 's booklet .
guddu dhanoa remakes the entity in 2003 .
johnny cash 's " ring of fire " and are among their best - received remakes .
the series has inspired five remakes produced under license from the original producers and based , initially , on original story and character outlines .
covers and remakes .
" piranha " was followed by a sequel , ' , in 1981 , and two remakes , one in 1995 , and another which is forthcoming .
two remakes of the film have been released .
" a chinese ghost story " remakes li 's supernatural romance " the enchanting shadow " ( 1959 ) as a special effects action movie .
remakes .
remakes .
remakes .
remakes and sequels .
in 2002 , it was announced that will smith and his production company , overbrook entertainment , had secured the rights to the trilogy for remakes to star smith and to be distributed by warner bros. smith stated that he hoped to get eddie murphy , martin lawrence and other famous african - american stars to be in the films .
released in october 2007 , " yell&ice " is a collection of remakes and remixes , featuring collaborations with why ?
tierney 's successes after this period were sketchy ( apart from the film remakes of " irene " ) , but he was elected into the songwriter 's hall of fame .
erdrick , also known as roto in japan or loto in the north american localization of the game boy color remakes of the first three games , is a legendary hero from the " dragon quest " series .
also during this generation , the computing power of hand - held consoles became capable of supporting games made for some of the earliest gaming consoles and several companies released remakes of classic games for the hand - helds .
the press has labeled her the " queen of remakes " because she has starred in so many of them ; she is scheduled to star in the remake of alfred hitchcock 's " the birds " ( 1963 ) .
they are also known for publishing the tactical role - playing game " tactics ogre " and game boy advance remakes of the " kunio - kun " and " double dragon " games for million ( a company composed of former technos japan corp. employees ) .
becoming a big hit peaking at # 13 on the billboard hot 100 , the song would become one of holloway 's trademark singles and would spark remakes by acts like the small faces and the spencer davis group ( with lead vocals by steve winwood ) .
television remakes are particularly common as trans - atlantic ports , where us shows are remade for the uk ( see list of u.s. television series remade for the british market ) or more frequently , uk shows are remade for a us market ( see list of british television series remade for the u.s. market ) .
and are enhanced remakes of the 1999 " pokémon gold " and " silver " video games , developed by game freak for the nintendo ds .
both remakes were made by metro - goldwyn - mayer , which bought the 1931 version from universal .
remakes : east and west .
what should i do , ” the latter of which is the track tae - kyung remakes for his mother in the drama .
sega currently has no plans to publish this or any of the other " phantasy star " remakes outside of japan , and with sega of japan having seemingly abandoned their plans for a " phantasy star iv " remake in favor of a compilation featuring the original iterations of phantasy star i - iv , it would seem likely that this game will remain a japanese exclusive .
there have been two remakes of the original series . ' , was made in the 1990s using cgi techniques .
skeggs relocated hammer films to hapden house in buckinghamshire , and shifted production away from remakes of traditional dracula and frankenstein horror films towards anthologies and television serials .
the former was the basis for the 1956 movie " invasion of the body snatchers " and its remakes .
sequels , remakes and adaptations .
at the end borges is working on a " tentative translation " of an english - language work into spanish , while the power of the ideas of " a scattered dynasty of solitaries " remakes the world in the image of tlön .
ports and remakes .
they were complete remakes of both versions with more revised storylines and better graphics thanks to the playstation portable 's capabilities .
wes craven , director and writer of the original " the hills have eyes " , began the idea of remaking the film when he saw the success of other horror remakes such as " the texas chainsaw massacre " and " the amityville horror " .
also new in the remakes , each character has a personality trait , which affects the rate of stat growth .
sbt telenovelas are remakes of old telenovelas from its former mexican partner , televisa ( now partner of record ) .
remakes .
mary weiss was one of the creators of the real live brady bunch at the annoyance theater , which lead to a series of feature film remakes .
in 2002 , it was announced that will smith and his production company , overbrook entertainment , had secured the rights to the trilogy for remakes to star smith and to be distributed by warner bros. smith stated that he hoped to get eddie murphy , martin lawrence and other famous african - american stars to be in the films .
though fans have petitioned to have capcom rerelease mega man x collection with these removed extra features , especially since mega man : maverick hunter x failed to meet capcom 's sales expectations , the possibility of any future x series remakes using the removed content is unlikely .
two of cline 's hits were remakes ; " sweet dreams " was written and made famous originally by don gibson and " faded love " was originally recorded by bob wills & his texas playboys .
some of the songs were remakes of older songs done by new bands ( for example , seven day jesus plays a cover of audio adrenaline 's hit " big house " ) .
the 1970s - style super robot genre revival started by " gaogaigar " ( 1997 ) , continued into the 2000s , with several remakes of classic series such as " getter robo " and " dancougar " as well as original properties created in the super robot mold like " godannar " and " gurren lagann . "
, known as the fire mouse pokémon , is the fire - type starter pokémon in " pokémon gold " , " silver " , and " crystal " , and its remakes " pokémon heartgold " and " soulsilver " .
roy lee ( born in brooklyn , new york , usa on march 23 , 1969 ) is a korean - american film producer who regularly takes well known asian films and remakes them for american audiences .
besides jim jones ' song there have been many remakes , most notably a cover by alternative rock band dynamite hack , which hit # 12 on the billboard modern rock tracks in 2000 .
the album is noted for dramatic remakes of four previous newbury songs : " sunshine , " " sweet memories " , " good morning dear " from " harlequin melodies " and " san francisco mabel joy " from " looks like rain " .
remakes .
remakes .
remakes .
since 2006 , skitz has released 2 rock compilations called " skitzmetal " and " skitzrocks " featuring 80s and 90s rock originals like quiet riot 's " cum on feel the noize " and scorpion 's " wind of change " and some dance remakes of glam rock hits .
it also separates original canon from remakes and " re - imaginings " .
a major pop culture phenomenon in japan , the show has spawned dozens of imitators as well as numerous sequels and remakes , which continue to be popular today .
he remakes himself into a new kind of hero – and a new kind of thief .
there are two remakes of this film , " naina " , made in 2005 in india and " the eye " , a 2008 hollywood production starring jessica alba and produced by peter chan and paula wagner .
melodies & memories " was a special album consisting of remakes of korean hits from the 80s and 90s .
in may 2008 , square enix announced localizations of the nintendo ds remakes of " dragon quest iv " , " v " , and " vi " , known collectively as the zenithia trilogy , for north america and the pal region .
this modding takes place exclusively on the freeware remakes .
rap is not performed as often like the main group , but these influences can be heard in " the moment " and also the rap remakes in " do n't don " and " a man in love " .
he is also a frequent guest speaker at various film festivals and seminars around the world , most recently serving on a panel dedicated to the business of english language remakes of japanese films at the 2008 tokyo international film festival .
there are video game remakes as well .
they were continued only in 1951 , starting with ( redrawn ) remakes of the prewar issues 1 - 5 .
remakes .
" silver " was re - released in 2002 ( see 2002 in music ) through legacy recordings , with remakes of two early cash songs , " i
geri halliwell and jewel also released remakes of the song .
remakes .
both " pikmin " and " pikmin 2 " , are part of the " new play control ! " series , a selection of nintendo gamecube video game remakes adding support for features of the wii .
while allmusic reviewer stephen thomas erlewine felt that the straightforward approach of the re - recorded songs hurt the remakes , which " pale next to the originals " , he wrote that the new songs are " top - notch , eclipsing the often forced " break like the wind " , and striking the right balance between parody and real rock & roll .
the overseas version ( sold in china , taiwan , hong kong and other parts of asia ) includes remakes of two of her songs in chinese and an alternate cover , making her first foray in the chinese market .
along with the urban remakes , the original songs still play in the game 's soundtrack .
remakes of it are also used as programming tutorials , such as for gambas .
apart from malayalam films priyadarshan has also directed a slew of hindi language films , concentrating on remakes of tamil and malayalam films .
it featured some new songs and more remakes of some classics done the way they had been written --- unplugged on acoustic guitar and piano .
another time another place " , " gran via " , " world go round " , " collection " ( not a greatest hits album , but more of a best - of collection , compiling a number of remakes of matt bianco 's stand - out album tracks plus remixes of a few of their hits too ) , " rico " , and " echoes " sold well enough for a comfortable lifestyle in the south - east of england .
the album contains a combination of remakes of classic filipino hits and originals .
comparing this remake to the multiple michael bay slasher remakes , kennedy states that this film " is not an idea - free flick " , and that it " [ engages ] what the word ' horror ' means " .
the acoustic album included rerecordings of a few tracks from part 1 and remakes of " send in the clowns " , " will you still love me tomorrow " , and " my funny valentine " .
the score was arranged by hidenori iwasaki for the playstation and ds remakes .
that day the band also recorded three additional sides that were not released - " my experience on the ranch " and remakes of " arkansaw traveler " and " sally gooden " .
she founded art teleportacia , a web gallery of her work , which also features links to remakes of her most famous work " my boyfriend came back from the war " and was one of the organizers and later , director of cine fantom , an experimental cinema club in moscow co - founded in 1995 by lialina with gleb aleinikov , andrej silvestrov , boris ukhananov , inna kolosova and others . "
when the grand council meets in the summer of 1842 , it remakes itself into a popularly elected legislative body of 150 members which elects a governor - general to serve as chief executive .
remakes .
among the album 's remakes are leah navarro 's ang pag - ibig kong ito ( which is the album 's carrier single ) , vina morales ' alam mo ba , manilyn reynes ' sayang na sayang , linda eder 's after all , and joey albert 's i remember the boy .
entertainment weeklys clark collis believed that director nispel made a competent film that performs better as a whole than the previously released remakes of " prom night " ( 2008 ) and " my bloody valentine 3d " ( 2009 ) , although it does provide a few too many unbelievable character moments .
the band contributed to a 1996 tribute album for schoolhouse rock creator thomas g. yohe , which contained remakes of many popular " schoolhouse rock " songs -
three of the songs on the albums were remakes of previous black singles .
it was released by arista records in october 2005 and features many traditional christmas songs , as well some of wilson 's originals , including remakes of the beach boys ' " little saint nick " and " the man with all the toys " .
the 1999 film " the mummy " also suggests that it is a remake of the 1932 movie , and may be considered as such in that its titular character is imhotep , resurrected from the dead by the scroll of thoth and out to find the present - day embodiment of the soul of his beloved anck - su - namun , but develops there from a different story line , in common with most postmodern remakes of classic horror and science - fiction films .
" chibi - robo " was announced to be a part of the " new play control ! " , a selection of nintendo gamecube video game remakes for the wii .
the song proved popular with 1960 's pop and rhythm and blues artists , resulting in charted remakes in 1960 - 61 ( brook benton ) , 1962 ( etta james),and rick nelson ( 1963 ) .
