the guardian " dan sabbagh observed that the storylines which will culminate in " eastenders live " - ricky and bianca 's remarriage and the archie mitchell " whodunnit " - have seen the show undergo a revival , overtaking rival soap opera " coronation street " in the ratings for the first time in over three years .
pinter " did everything possible to support " her until her death and regretted that he ultimately became estranged from their son , daniel , after their separation , pinter 's remarriage , and merchant 's death .
his mother joanna , who became queen of france after her remarriage to king john ii of france , governed burgundy as philip 's guardian until her death in september 1360 .
remarriage was very common in ancient rome society and many men and women were usually married at least twice in their lifetimes .
widow remarriage is commonly practiced in tripuri society .
he became estranged from his father following his remarriage to a much younger woman , mary scott lord dimmick , but inherited a large part of his estate when he died in 1901 .
this community parted from its sister community , the pathare prabhu on the issue of widow remarriage , which the pathare prabhus opposed .
the very fact that she remarries after the death of her first husband could be viewed as chaucer ’s characterization of alisoun as a supporter of lollardy , if not necessarily a lollard herself , since lollards advocated the remarriage of widows ( cooper 1996:150 ; dinshaw 1999:129 ) .
according to the ancient practice of the early church , married men who are ordained as deacons or priests in the catholic church ( in the eastern rites of the church and by exception in the latin rite ) must renounce future remarriage in the event of the death of their spouse .
the widow remarriage movement was spearheaded in godavari district by kandukuri virasilingam pantulu .
subramania iyer arranged for the remarriage of his eldest daughter , sivapriyammal , who had been widowed at the age of 13 , to a boy in bombay during the 1889 congress session .
born near rochdale , lancashire on 13 january 1972 , son of charles andrew lord , a leather merchant , and vivienne marie fairbank ( now brittain after remarriage ) , a teacher .
the film is one of a series of what the philosopher stanley cavell calls " comedies of remarriage " , where couples who have once been married , or are on the verge of divorce , etc .
noriko reverses her attitude towards onodera 's remarriage when she finds his new wife a pleasant lady .
brian launched it shortly after his divorce in 1977 and subsequent remarriage in 1978 to diana vivian , a new england debutante . "
reforms such as the caste disabilities removal act , 1850 , the hindu widow remarriage act , 1856 , the hindu inheritance(removal of disabilities ) act , 1928 , the the hindu law of inheritance(amendment ) act , 1929 , the hindu gains of learning act , 1930 , the hindu women 's right to property act , 1937 , the hindu married women 's right to separate residence and maintainance act , 1946 were all enacted to give relief to those who are not content to abide by ancient shastras .
he also opposed efforts to bar those found guilty of adultery from remarriage .
he is portraying the house he left behind with the remaining kids being brought up by his father , his father 's remarriage , and his young brother 's struggles with his father and school .
an orthodox person he opposed the introduction of widow remarriage .
although they never lived together , it continued , despite other relationships on his part , until his remarriage in 1943 .
moreover , despite the hostile politics of king sigismund , elizabeth successfully continued with his many polish contacts , even after his remarriage with the duke of münsterberg .
thus , permitting remarriage is an act of compassion of the church towards sinful man .
the king 's attention was monopolized by his war against the protestants , while the queen defended the remarriage of her inseparable companion , center of all court intrigue , to her lover , the " duc de chevreuse " , in 1622 .
widow remarriage act was passed in 1856 in british india prohibiting enforced widowhood practiced mainly among brahmans and a few other castes such as rajputs , banias and kayasthas .
widow remarriage is allowed .
divorce was also forbidden , and remarriage after a divorce counted as polygamy .
a decade later , he discovered two further half - sisters from his biological father 's remarriage .
his named was legally changed at age eleven after his mother 's divorce and remarriage to william dicky ( " argylle " ) sturgeon . " theodore sturgeon " is occasionally misidentified as a pseudonym ; it was in fact his legal name .
prior to his installation as bishop of camden in 2004 , he announced that if then - governor of new jersey , jim mcgreevey , attended the installation mass , he would deny him communion due to his remarriage without having had his first marriage annulled by the church .
in india , divorce and remarriage are legal .
he has authored papers for scholarly journals that include family law quarterly , the aba 's criminal justice magazine , the journal of divorce and remarriage , and the journal of the office of juvenile justice and deliquency prevention .
although his wife has maintained contact with the blind man for ten years , this will be the first time she has seen him since her marriage , subsequent divorce , and remarriage .
it is customary for women with higher titles from one marriage to retain them even on subsequent remarriage .
on her remarriage in 1967 , the house and what remained of the estate became the property of their son charles clive - ponsonby - fane .
he wrote " the woman 's prize , or the tamer tamed " as a quasi - sequel to " the shrew " , telling the story of petruchio 's remarriage after katherina 's death .
divorcing a spouse was permissible if there was mutual consent between husband and wife , while remarriage after the death of a spouse was common during the song period .
george v 's death in 1936 was followed by the accession of edward viii , who caused a public scandal by announcing his desire to marry the divorced american , wallis simpson , even though the church of england opposed the remarriage of divorcées .
widow marriage is also permitted with either the husband ’s elder or younger brother and so is widower remarriage .
often the purchaser was arranged in advance , and the sale was a form of symbolic separation and remarriage , as in a case from maidstone , where in january 1815 john osborne planned to sell his wife at the local market .
however , there are increasingly differing views on the interpretation of bible passages dealing with the acceptability of homosexuality , divorce and remarriage , and premarital sex .
all anuppans practised widow - remarriage .
swift remarriage was not unusual , and perhaps even customary , for aristocratic romans after the death of a spouse .
each of the four previous lovers was overheard asking maggie for a loan , alison could be financially destitute by maggie 's remarriage and then there are the salacious memoires that have mysteriously disappeared .
in the following soliloquy , hamlet denounces his mother 's swift remarriage , with the statement , " frailty , thy name is woman . "
there are also names based on the order born , the order born after twins , and the order born after remarriage .
in addition , he was a great social reformer , an indefatigable worker for the cause of the downtrodden and depressed sections of society , for the education of women and for widow remarriage .
a famous legend tells that a certain sakazaki naomori planned to capture senhime just before her remarriage , wishing to marry her himself .
the repudiation of eleanor of aquitaine by louis vii , and her remarriage in 1153 to henri ii of england began a period of three centuries of anglo - french wars in south - west france , during which the rochechouarts paid a heavy price .
lokenath maitra had married jagattarini in an inter - caste widow remarriage , a daring task in those days .
lord torrington mentioned the possibility of her remarriage to robert st clair - erskine , lord loughborough , but shortly afterwards , jane personally denied that there was any truth in it .
remarriage of widow and widower are allowed after one year of death of the spouse .
as his obituary in the new york times noted , the publicity over his second wife 's remarriage to the duke of windsor and her subsequent fame thrust him into the role of " the forgotten man .
in india , divorce and remarriage are legal .
she held the title of her royal highness princess firouzeh asem of jordan , from the date of her marriage until may 2004 , when she lost the style of hrh by order of king abdullah upon her remarriage .
the standard formula for remarriage is that the orthodox church joyfully blesses the first marriage , merely performs the second , barely tolerates the third , and invariably forbids the fourth .
pipim adopts conservative positions on issues such as biblical inspiration , homosexuality , women 's ordination , worship and church growth , creation and evolution , prayer warriors and other prayer ministries , and divorce and remarriage .
adams 's father married mary judith stewart ( born judith robertson ) in july 1960 , a marriage that produced a half - sister , heather ; his mother 's remarriage in 1964 , to a veterinarian , ron thrift , provided two more half - siblings , jane and james thrift .
this policy of remarriage after widowhood led to the high rate of marriages expected per lifetime .
there was no custom of widow remarriage in the past neither is it very common nowadays nor was there any custom of divorce .
among present day sainis the taboo against widow remarriage , especially if they are widowed at young age , has now dissolved or almost disappeared even in punjab .
victorian author agnes strickland , who wrote multi - volume anthologies of french , scottish , and english royal women , said that the story of anne boleyn 's last agonised hours and henry viii 's swift remarriage to jane seymour " is repulsive enough , but it becomes tenfold more abhorrent when the woman who caused the whole tragedy is loaded with panegyric . "
he has several brothers and sisters : one brother and three sisters on his father 's side and a brother and sister from his mother 's remarriage .
vidyasagar provided the intellectual basis for constructing a pedagogy of the child mind in bengal , and he backed it up on the one hand with actual publishing programmes , and on the other with his campaign for widow remarriage and the raising of the age of consent .
marriage , divorce , and remarriage .
there were few people , other than iswar chandra vidyasagar who have contributed so much to the cause of remarriage of widows .
for instance the berean christadelphians focus on the pioneer christadelphians and the dawn christadelphians put a huge importance on the need to follow a consistent set of disciplines regarding divorce and remarriage .
if a divorce is obtained for any other reason , remarriage is considered adultery while the previous spouse is still alive and has not begun another sexual relationship .
thus , permitting remarriage is an act of compassion of the church towards sinful man .
baldwin informed the king that his subjects would deem the marriage morally unacceptable , largely because remarriage after divorce was opposed by the church of england , and the people would not tolerate wallis as queen .
since 1977 , as director of the texas custody research project and co - principal investigator of the national institute of mental health step - family project , he has studied the impact of divorce and remarriage .
the triumph of love over experience : a memoir of remarriage by wendy swallow
luke has a small passage in luke with jesus ' prohibition of remarriage .
following the divorce and remarriage of their parents , children find themselves using the term " mother " or " father " in relation to more than one individual , and the pater or mater who is legally responsible for the child 's care , and whose family name the child uses , may not be the genitor or genitrix of the child , with whom a separate parent - child relationship may be maintained through arrangements such as visitation rights or joint custody .
divorce and remarriage .
remarriage following death of oswald .
a woman divorced for adultery with a man of her caste is allowed to marry a second time and the ceremony is conducted after the form of a widow remarriage .
during the 1960s he was controversial advocate for divorced catholics , arguing in his 1967 book " divorce and remarriage : towards a new catholic teaching " in favor of the reform of the laws that prevented them from receiving the sacraments .
remarriage was common , and most divorced men and women expected to we d again .
remarriage of catherine .
in the case of remarriage , the first wife 's property immediately comes into her children 's possession .
the eventual resolution was mostly thanks to the involvement of his father - in - law , william ' the laceman ' elliot , who sought to expedite his daughter 's remarriage to captain thomas burroughs .
in response to cavell 's article , scholar david r. shumway claims it is possible " to make too much of the remarriage ' genre . ' "
his son is divorced and he supported the remarriage of the prince of wales to camilla parker - bowles whose first husband is living .
the other two offer hirayama , a widower , as akiko 's prospective remarriage partner .
fearing that the mexican divorce may not have been legal , ludlow secured a divorce in connecticut on september 18 , 1941 in anticipation of his remarriage .
later , during the 1960s and 1970s , disagreements with certain provincial bodies — chiefly in north america and in the united kingdom — over such issues as prayer book revision , the remarriage of divorced persons , the ordination of women , and the acceptance by a few of the bishops of homosexual relationships led to another and quite different schism .
nikephoras ' first wife had been dead several years when he married theophan , but in the religious views prevalent in the eastern roman empire , especially in the 10th century , remarriage after the death of ones first wife was a sin only begruggingly tolerated .
separation and remarriage .
under the laws of 1603 , the " 9th earl of jersey " ’s divorce was not valid , and therefore his remarriage during his ex - wife 's lifetime was null and void , and the children of the marriage illegitimate .
her position was undermined by news of her remarriage and concerns that she was not actually supportive of her liberal ministers and their policies .
remarriage .
widow - remarriage .
on his father 's remarriage , lodowicke was put out to nurse in the country , the common practice in such family restructuring at the time .
cavell argues that these films , from the years 1934–1949 , form part of what he calls the genre of " remarriage , " and he finds in them great philosophical , moral , and indeed political significance .
to determine whether a divorce will be valid , courts look to the law of the place of remarriage .
their comprehensive reform movement has led many impressive projects of cultural change and social reform in western india , such as the improvement of the lot of women and depressed classes , an end to the caste system , abolition of child marriages and infanticide , educational opportunites for women , and remarriage of widows .
just states that the forcible divorce and remarriage of an " epikleros " was based on this principle , arguing that if the father of the " epikleros " had not adopted the first husband , the husband was not really the heir .
the catholic church treats all consummated sacramental marriages as permanent during the life of the spouses , and therefore does not allow remarriage after a divorce if the other spouse still lives and the marriage has not been annulled .
he upheld the right of the church to refuse the remarriage of divorced persons within its buildings , but he did not directly oppose a.p. herbert 's matrimonial causes bill of 1937 , which liberalised the divorce laws – lang believed " it was no longer possible to impose the full christian standard by law on a largely non - christian population . "
divorce and remarriage .
ranade was a founder of the social conference movement , which he supported till his death , directing his social reform efforts against child marriage , the shaving of widows ' heads , the heavy cost of marriages and other social functions , and the caste restrictions on travelling abroad , and he strenuously advocated widow remarriage and female education .
divorce and remarriage were also common as long as reasons were justified .
this first phase of feminism in india was initiated by men to uproot the social evils of sati ( widow immolation ) , to allow widow remarriage , to forbid child marriage , and to reduce illiteracy , as well as to regulate the age of consent and to ensure property rights through legal intervention .
washington , d.c. , remarriage and the law .
the augustan " lex julia maritandis ordinaribus " compelled marriage upon men and women within specified age ranges , and remarriage on the divorced and bereaved within certain time limits .
however , divorce and remarriage are relatively easy to undertake in these societies .
mrs. cavendish became mrs. inglethorp upon her recent remarriage to a much younger man , alfred inglethorp .
martin was ordained as a minister of the regular baptists in 1951 , but this was revoked in 1953 owing to his remarriage .
they were also concerned over the church 's divorced leader aimee semple mcpherson 's remarriage .
following his ex - wife 's remarriage , painter leavitt told reporters that the nuptials – and his ex - wife 's presence overseas with her husband – meant that leavitt would make an attempt to gain custody of his two children .
ferdinand 's remarriage merely strengthened support for philip and joanna in castile , and in late 1505 , the pair decided to travel to castile .
the court can not enter a final judgment of divorce or annulment unless it receives the statements and , even then , final judgment can not be entered if the person who solemnised the marriage swears that , to his or her knowledge , the applicant has failed to take all steps within his or her power to remove all barriers to the other party ’s religious remarriage .
it was not the first series to show a " blended " family ( two series which debuted in the 1950s , " make room for daddy " and " bonanza " , had stepsiblings and half - siblings respectively ) , but came at a time when divorce and remarriage in america was seeing a surge .
skps were very progressive in their outlook and promoted widow - remarriage at a time when it was looked down upon .
the typical view in that fellowship is that divorces for any reason save adultery on the part of one 's mate are immoral , and any subsequent remarriage after such a divorce is likewise sinful .
such an arrangement would not allow remarriage .
it was now felt that traditions and customs in india were too strong and too rigid to be changed easily ; consequently , no more british social interventions were made , especially in matters dealing with religion , even when the british felt very strongly about the issue ( as in the instance of the remarriage of hindu child widows ) .
the pair only began to reconcile when , after her parents ' remarriage , chrissie discovered tricia was once more suffering from cancer .
she led him to believe that a public proposal of remarriage would seal their reunion .
the book follows the story of young boy named david who struggles with his mother 's death and father 's remarriage .
following his father 's early death and his mother 's remarriage to a japanese american , he immigrated in 1957 to honolulu , hawaii where he graduated from kaimuki high school .
durgamohan das ( " durgamohon dash " ) ( 1841 - 1897 ) was a brahmo samaj leader and a social reformer with notable contribution in the field of widow remarriage and women ’s emancipation .
no one had ever been granted a divorce allowing for remarriage ; but curtis pressed his case and by a special act of the assembly in 1769 , he was granted a divorce .
thereafter , shell retired from politics to concentrate on his business and his remarriage .
this was done in order to improve her chances of remarriage as well as to maintain the family resources .
according to the " seventh - day adventist church manual " , one reason for church discipline includes , " such violations as fornication , promiscuity , incest , homosexual practice , sexual abuse of children and vulnerable adults , and other sexual perversions , and the remarriage of a divorced person , except of the spouse who has remained faithful to the marriage vow in a divorce for adultery or for sexual perversions . "
harold herzig , however , died while pascual 's father was young , which led to the remarriage of piolo 's grandmother to a pascual .
the relationship continued through napoleon 's divorce and remarriage to marie louise of austria .
passages in the atharva veda , including 13.3.1 , offer advice to the widow on mourning and her life after widowhood , including her remarriage .
humphrey was strongly against this match , however , and in the parliament of 1427 - 8 , a bill was introduced setting the rules for the remarriage of a queen dowager .
parsi social reformer , behramji malabari also campaigned for widow remarriage and published a set of " notes on infant marriage and enforced widowhood " in august 1884 .
upon his return to the united states , he joined the faculty of emmanuel missionary college ( now andrews university ) . because of a divorce and his subsequent remarriage , he separated from denominational employment .
he was a progressive who helped reform various social standards , such as widow remarriage .
she is known as the protector of the famous marie grubbe and her former lover after grubbe 's divorce and remarriage to her lover , which had made her an outcast : charlotte amelie gave refuge to the couple on her own domains .
sabah has said that their troubles began soon after remarriage and that adnan was suffering from alcoholism which " increased by the day " and would often indulge in violence against her .
his marital problems , which would have not played a public role in later years ( judging by the public reaction to sila calderón 's divorce and remarriage during her administration in the early 2000s ) , were brought to center stage during the 1968 gubernatorial campaign , given the still conservative puerto rican morals of the time .
herbert would return to the theme of matrimonial law reform — in this case , the remarriage of divorcees — in his novel " made for man " ( 1957 ) .
in 2008 , 46% of all marriages involve a remarriage for one or both spouses .
on his father 's remarriage to livia ocellina , galba was adopted by her and took her names , remaining lucius livius ocella sulpicius galba until becoming emperor .
he supported widow remarriage and desired to abolish untouchability and child marriages .
forbidden remarriage .
another aspect of the episode is the remarriage of characters bianca jackson and ricky butcher .
anne anson subsequently divorced , and upon remarriage became princess anne of denmark .
one subgenre of screwball is known as the comedy of remarriage , in which characters divorce and then remarry one another ( " the awful truth " , " the philadelphia story " ) .
it was the move to wales , occasioned by his mother 's remarriage , that was the spark for this ; only the working classes spoke welsh but philip , never one to shy away from the unconventional , set about learning it with vigour .
this marriage and the changes it brought to the finster family were used in " rugrats " to teach the child viewers , by demonstration , about adapting to such drastic changes caused by divorce and remarriage .
this finally brought jack together with steve and although his relationship with his family was still on shaky legs , jack was asked to be steve 's best man at his remarriage to kayla who was also struggling to accept the reformed jack .
remarriage and downfall .
despite the legend of his divorce and remarriage , amram was also held to have been entirely sinless throughout his life , and was rewarded for this by his corpse remaining without any signs of decay .
upon discovering that the count was considering remarriage in episode 14 of series one ( the final ) , she travels to the castle to try and stop him , claiming to love him when she thought he was dying from a crossbow bolt van helsing fired at him .
however , along with the abolition of female infanticide , the removal of purdah and advocation of widow remarriage , untouchability was also slowly eradicated through legislation and social reform .
he contributed substantially to the cause of women ’s education , remarriage of widows , movement against polygamy and consumption of liquor .
divorce and remarriage .
following the father 's death in 1917 and the mother 's eventual remarriage , archer attended the st. albans episcopal academy boarding school in sycamore , illinois .
ralph was one of the lords consulted about the remarriage of henry i to adeliza of leuven at london in 1121 .
in such cases , remarriage may be possible but there is a special rite for a second marriage which contains a penitential element for the dissolution of the first , i.e. some of the more joyful aspects are removed .
separation , divorce and remarriage occurred .
he and his friends publicly promised to organise remarriage of widows .
after wagner 's remarriage in 1870 , mimi became the most intimate friend of cosima wagner , whose daughter daniela , later mrs. thode , she introduced into the berlin society in the 1880s .
his name is bracketed with that of durga mohan das as notable contributors in the field of widow remarriage .
goldsmith affair and remarriage .
upon his mother 's remarriage , his name was changed to chuck ertmoed .
caroline gordon 's marriage to allen tate ended in divorce in 1945 , followed by a 1946 remarriage and an ultimate divorce in 1959 .
the remarriage of a widow was rare among the upper castes and common among the lower castes .
their " just friends " claim did not stop remarriage rumors from flying .
martha dewclaw ( fennec before remarriage , maiden name redfox ) .
canon law did allow remarriage for widows and therefore there was no direct prohibition for widows to remarry in the society of the christians of south canara , but few women had the courage to go against the strict conventions of their community .
remarriage was an available option for the widow or divorcé if she was still of childbearing age .
he succeeded in bringing about a change in the mindset of his people and gradually more and more people accepted widow remarriage .
she deals with her parents ' divorce and remarriage and sometimes disobeys ( such as when karen wanted to buy toy guns for andrew and herself in baby - sitters little sister # 65 " karen 's toys " ) .
she returns in 2006 as a teenager for her father 's remarriage to viv hope .
some adventists disagreed with brownsberger 's remarriage after his first wife divorced him ; as a result , and despite support for him from ellen g. white , he stayed out of official denominational employment .
later the group is alone in a house and jesus goes on to condemn not only divorce but remarriage .
william h. whitmore gives his death as of 1748 , the year of mrs. copley 's remarriage .
they also had different views on chastity and remarriage from the land living han chinese .
the arya samaj advocated purging hinduism of what it saw as its superstitious elements and expensive rituals , opposed child marriage , and advocated the remarriage of widows , which orthodox hinduism forbids .
remarriage after divorce .
subsequent to helen 's remarriage to another united states air force serviceman , vanessa and her brother moved to turkey with their mother and stepfather .
following the death of his father , and the remarriage of his mother to sir william hart kt . , a banker and sheriff of london , william neville blondeau took the surname of hart by private act of parliament of 22 march 1765 .
in 2006 , kulich initiated a meeting with his two half - brothers , his father ’s sons from a subsequent remarriage .
despite her remarriage , she never relinguished her title as lady berkeley until she died in the 1690s and was buried at jamestown .
o. henry wrote a short story called " the whirligig of life " about a mountain couple who decide to divorce and the events that lead to their remarriage told from the perspective of the judge .
widowhood and remarriage .
after giving eric and donna a wonderful and sincere toast , and telling her children to go and celebrate with their father , despite their being against his remarriage , stephanie took a last look at the house she and eric had lived in for many years , and as she saw eric and donna dancing in the living room , as she had done herself many years previous , she stepped into the waiting limo , whispering " good bye , eric , and be happy . "
ironically , while bunn 's loss was attributed in part to his divorce and remarriage during his only term , hooley also divorced during her first term in 1997 .
remarriage of widowed women and marriage of destitute women was encouraged , and in 1923 , women were granted the permission to exercise their franchise in elections .
in 1942 most of the british berean christadelphians separated from north american berean christadelphians to form the dawn christadelphians - taking a stricter line than north american bereans on divorce and remarriage .
it has been suggested , however , that high mortality rates in centuries past accomplished much the same result as divorce , enabling remarriage ( of one spouse ) and thus serial monogamy .
" since the show premiered in 1970 , pine valley has grown to be a buzzing metropolis , full of many businesses and residents and a prominent skyline that was shown during the remarriage of jesse hubbard and angie baxter in 2008 .
in 1864 her mother died at a young age and , upon her father ’s remarriage to a woman five years leonora 's senior , barry decided to attend teaching school .
his views on widow remarriage put him at odds with ishwar chandra vidyasagar .
when anne 's health began to fail , mary i allowed her to live at chelsea old manor , where henry 's last wife , catherine parr , had lived after her remarriage .
under the laws of 1603 , the 9th earl of jersey 's divorce was not valid , and therefore his remarriage during his ex - wife 's lifetime was null and void , and the children of the marriage illegitimate .
though she was born into the roman catholic faith , she converted to baptist for reasons related to divorce and remarriage .
after the death of his mother and his father 's remarriage , he moved with his family to kansas city , kansas .
kaorwa in the punjab and kaurs in jasapur , udaepur , sirgeya , korea , chand , bhakar and korba of chittisgarin ( tod ii 256 ) , gaurava a rajput caste practicing widow remarriage ( karewa ) in the delhi district ( elliot quoted by habib 150 ) , karaiar an karawa in ceylon ( neville ii 9 ) curus in coromandel and taprobane ( ras 157 & 8)
after his father ’s murder during a payroll robbery in 1844 and his mother ’s remarriage to james buckle , the family moved to the southern labrador coast .
the south korean marriage agency duo first began advertising its remarriage services in 2006 .
others argue that unlike the old concept of divorce " a mensa a thoro " ( where the couple did not actually divorce , but lived apart and the husband continue to support the " wife " ) , divorce in modern society should represent a " clean break " where each party starts a new life ( including remarriage ) and does everything possible to become self - supporting .
after his appointment as minister , goebbels demanded that harald 's father release magda from her obligation under their divorce settlement , to send harald to live with him in the event of her remarriage and by 1934 , harald moved completely to the goebbels ' household .
he was six years old when his father died in france of influenza during the great epidemic while serving with the united states army during world war i. following his mother 's remarriage to british agronomist leonard k. elmhirst in 1925 , the family moved to england .
in the western number " my gal is mine once more " a cowboy celebrates remarriage to his first wife .
following his father 's death and his mother 's remarriage to sir george binney ( dso ) in 1955 , marcus took his stepfather 's surname .
in 1872 , t. muthuswamy iyer established the widow remarriage association in madras and advocated the marriage of brahmin widows .
in two cases jesus makes no exception to his condemnation of divorce with a view to remarriage .
after her father 's death and her mother 's remarriage to john wyatt , she was adopted by him .
in 1975 , after her mother 's remarriage to giovanni carsinga , the family settled in adelaide , australia .
although henry 's barons had sworn allegiance to his daughter as their queen , her gender and her remarriage into the house of anjou , an enemy of the normans , allowed henry 's nephew stephen of blois , to come to england and claim the throne with popular support .
remarriage and widowhood .
when iswar chandra vidyasagar raised the storm of widow remarriage , braja sundar mitra printed copies of his books at his own cost and circulated them widely amongst the people of east bengal .
although many texts do seem to address the remarriage of widows and sometimes permit it , it is not considered an ideal situation .
at its peak in 1984 the cbc had 165 churches ( including 75 outside the usa ) , however congenital disagreements about remarriage after divorce , and personal adornment , and ultimately the inability of choose a general presiding officer , resulted in its dissolution from 1985 to 1988 .
on the remarriage of widows , periyar states that among the atrocities perpetrated by the hindu male population against women , here we have to consider the treatment meted out to widows alone .
initially , it concentrated on the anti - nautch movement to discourage the hire of nautch girls for celebration , but later concentrated on widow remarriage .
according to the terms of the " oprawa wdowia " , after her remarriage she had lost all his rights over brzeg - legnica ; however , elisabeth managed to continue with her rule .
the highest castes also have severe restrictions on remarriage .
the book was published the year of his divorce and remarriage .
however , it is thought divorced indian women have increased social stigma over men , affecting outcomes in social support and , eligibility for remarriage .
ginevra eventually had to choose between remarriage and a convent , and she chose the convent .
it outlived muray 's third marriage and kahlo 's divorce and remarriage to rivera by one year , ending in 1941 .
because of the quick remarriage and similar occurrences among the medici ( francesco 's younger brother pietro had reportedly killed his wife ) , rumors spread up that francesco and bianca had conspired to poison johanna .
he advocated widow remarriage .
the comedy 's humor is derived from discussions about income taxes , marriage , alimony , divorce , remarriage , extra - marital affairs , weight - loss programs , exercise , and sex .
subsequently , he reconciled with shanthi and later accepted the remarriage of madhan , who worked up the courage to dissolve his enforced marriage to abhirami and return to his first love , rohini .
such practices question the law for allowing a divorced man or widower , to remarry an unmarried woman and thus making remarriage for a woman more difficult .
only one , " divorce and remarriage " , out of 22 has become an official ag statement .
like remarriage of a widows and divorcees is a common practice and well accepted in their society .
he did not benefit less from the affection which philip the fair , who had suffered from the remarriage of his father , brought to his only full brother , and he found himself given responsibilities which largely exceeded his talent .
after witnessing his mother 's adultery with his father 's best friend , ralph must survive not only boarding school but also his beloved father 's remarriage to ruby , a fast - talking american airlines stewardess , and his father 's gradual descent into alcoholism .
a strong supporter of iswar chandra vidyasagar ’s campaign for remarriage of widows , he published books on the subject .
hence , the church is also able to allow for divorce and remarriage .
however , after his mother 's remarriage to ernst august v , prince of hanover , the family moved to fontainebleau , to be nearer paris and london , the latter being where his new stepbrothers lived with their mother .
shortly after his mother 's remarriage , the family moved to the long island suburb of rockville centre .
karl delivered holly hoyland at the ceremony of his remarriage to susan , but did not know she was his own child .
love affairs and remarriage .
when she broke with belasco in 1906 after her surprise remarriage , she was already considered a relic and abandoned broadway in favor of vaudeville .
with that in mind , there are two major controversies that non - institutional churches have faced in the past century : institutionalism and debate over marriage , divorce , and remarriage .
since bob and viv 's remarriage in 2006 they had wanted a child .
despite his numerous affairs , eventual divorce , and remarriage , the emperor 's last words on st. helena were " france , the army , the head of the army , joséphine . "
after divorce and remarriage , her mother decided that the best thing for gillian and her sister was not to have contact with their father , of whom they had not seen much during the second world war .
condemned practices like sati ( widow self - immolation or " bride burning " ) and widow remarriage were social practices that arose in india 's middle ages , mostly in the northern regions of india , and had nothing to do with hindu laws and scriptures .
the church uses exclusively the 1962 book of common prayer and rejects the possibility of remarriage after divorce .
as a child , he went and attended the first widow remarriage at sukea street on 7 december 1856 .
radha kanta deb strongly opposed both the move to ban sati and efforts for remarriage of widows , many of whom were child - widows .
madeleine 's first remarriage was on june 22 , 1916 , in bar harbor , maine .
in late 1769/early 1770 , following his remarriage , the father took anthony and his brother william to boston and apprenticed them before returning to portsmouth : anthony as a potter , william as a shipwright .
meanwhile , katie and andy make a crucial decision about their remarriage , while baldwin holds his temper in check on a case where a woman was savagely beaten and her husband murdered for no reason .
the comedy of remarriage is a subgenre of american cinematic comedy from the 1930s and 1940 's .
at his remarriage , after discovering he had n't been married to marlene for forty years because the registrar was unlicensed , the vicar named him as " herman aubrey boyce "
widow remarriage act .
her surname was changed in 1983 following the divorce and remarriage of her birth mother to julio bruce scaramastro in illinois .
furthermore , it completely forbids a widow from remarriage if two of her previous husbands have died from natural causes , while she was married to them ; it was believed that such a woman was too dangerous to marry , either due to " bad luck " , or due to her having a " dangerous " vagina harbouring some malignant disease .
remarriage is allowed for widows , widowers and divorcee .
however , even conservative protestant christians in western countries have largely downplayed the importance of bible verses that condemn remarriage after divorce as adultery .
remarriage .
