the cells on knocked - out tooth roots in milk do n’t die immediately but are unable to replicate ( mitose ) and so are less able to reform new cells when reimplanted .
improvements were made to the original planetarium projector over the years , allowing for special effects that could show close - up displays of specific planets , and the sun and moon projectors could replicate the experience of a solar or lunar eclipse .
modern turbo - prop trainers can replicate the handling characteristics of jet aircraft as well as having sufficient performance to assess a candidate 's technical ability at an aircraft controls , reaction speed and ability to anticipate events .
in 1999 , the influential " cubes " ( ) were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the nasdaq-100 .
despite rassin , merkelbach and muris ( 2000 ) reporting that this finding is moderately robust in the literature some studies were unable to replicate results ( e.g. smári , sigurjónsdóttir , & sæmundsdóttir , 1994 ; kelly & kahn , 1994 ; wegner , quillian , & houston , 1996 ) .
" whilst nuts tv will have all the character and personality of the magazine , it will not replicate it , and will offer its own unique take on girls , sport , entertainment , gadgets , cars and news .
these combinations would not exactly replicate the weightings between the two products that qnexa has , but may have similar efficacy and safety levels .
he would replicate that type of performance in game 2 with 32 points and 17 assists .
stretton now presents five 's dream machine series , in which classic cars are restored or kit cars which replicate them are built ; as well as " uk horror homes . "
swift then subsequently went onto replicate the feat , reaching number 1 again on the mainstream top 40 in september 2009 with " you belong with me " , making it just the second country song in the chart 's history to reach the top .
the space pirates plan to replicate metroids by exposing them to beta rays and then using them as biological weapons to destroy all living beings that oppose them .
these changes are made to replicate warm , humid climates in which hybrid plants flourish to produce high potency marijuana .
church leaders and architects carefully worked to replicate the original exterior design of the 19th - century temple , which was successively damaged by an arson fire in 1848 and by a tornado on may 27 , 1850 .
in the analysis by bolton ( 1989 ) , the way ' 79 celebrations " offered a sanitised version of the past ... nobody tried to replicate the heat , the insects , the dysentery , the alcoholism , the boredom and the discomfort which were so intimate a part of daily life in the swan river colony . "
singapore 's system uses a combination of compulsory savings from payroll deductions ( funded by both employers and workers ) a nationalized catastrophic health insurance plan , and government subsidies , as well as " actively regulating the supply and prices of health care services in the country " to keep costs in check ; the specific features have been described as potentially a " very difficult system to replicate in many other countries .
in particular , the nuclei undergo s - phase ( they replicate their dna ) and sister chromatids get pulled apart and re - assembled into nuclei containing full sets of homologous chromosomes , but cytokinesis is absent .
tb infection begins when the mycobacteria reach the pulmonary alveoli , where they invade and replicate within the endosomes of alveolar macrophages .
subsequent investigations of dolphin cognition have generally , however , found it difficult to replicate his results .
however , the fcc gave a stern july 2006 deadline for all full power television stations to at least replicate 80% of their current analog coverage area or run the risk of losing protection of encroachment from other stations .
although " group vii " viruses such as hepatitis b contain a dna genome , they are not considered dna viruses according to the baltimore classification , but rather reverse transcribing viruses because they replicate through an rna intermediate .
the cooperative web or co - web refers to a browser - based platform that promises to replicate the power of face - to - face communications via web - touch without sacrificing the quality of human interactions .
a random ( all frequencies at once ) test is generally considered to more closely replicate a real world environment , such as road inputs to a moving automobile .
folks claim that his uncanny ability to replicate others makes him impossible to tell apart but for a limping on his left leg which he can not change from its original state : that of a goat 's leg .
the filmmakers decided not to replicate the x - men costumes as seen in the comic book .
unable to replicate his early success , valentine was fired halfway through the 1992 season with a record of 45 - 41 .
england ’s bowlers worked hard throughout days 1 and 2 , but were unable to replicate the successes they had previously achieved against india ’s powerful batting line up .
assuming that the location and the ability to observe the ashen light is in our favor , meaning we do not have to be in the middle of the ocean with technical instruments that allow us to view it without damage done to the eyes , russell and phillips found that it is possible to replicate the common characteristics of the sightings measured in the figure above .
these innings established inzamam 's billing as a big - game player , although he was unable to replicate his world cup success in later tournaments .
unfortunately , the success with the original lorton — sanford " auto - train " did not replicate itself on the louisville - sanford run , in part due to the poor timekeeping of the " floridian " and this train was discontinued before " auto - train " itself finally succumbed to financial difficulties in the early 1980s .
these themes were considered fundamental to the " halo " experience , and so ensemble tried to replicate them for " halo wars " .
the " conversation was meant to replicate the formality of correspondence in order to limit conflict and misunderstanding between people of different social ranks and orders " this allowed the common person to interact with the nobility .
sir syed ahmed khan 's efforts resulted in the establishment of muhammedan anglo - oriental college at aligarh . wishing to replicate these efforts
paper - doll chains are cut out and stacked to replicate the chain - link fence .
class 6 : positive ( + ) sense single stranded rna viruses that replicate through a dna intermediate .
synthetic folic acid works to replicate the action of folate , but must be broken down in a series of metabolic steps in order to become l - methylfolate .
pseudoviruses are closely related to viruses in structure and behavior but lack many characterists exhibited by true viruses , including the capability to replicate .
in the early 21st century , gas heated stainless steel " hangi machines " have attempted to replicate the style of cooking without need for a wood fire , rocks and a pit .
parvoviruses can cause disease in some animals . because the viruses require actively dividing cells in order to replicate , the type of tissue infected varies with the age of the animal .
the ieee 802.1aq multicast forwarding tables are created based on computations such that every bridge which is on the shortest path between a pair of bridges which are members of the same service group will create proper fdb state to forward or replicate frames it receives to that members of that service group .
soderbergh wanted to use the new red one rather than 16 mm film because of its ability replicate film stock digitally but initially it was not going to be available on time .
" varroa destructor " can only replicate in a honey bee colony .
wood was promoted to head coach for the last month of the 1978 season , but was unable to replicate his success at cornell and tacoma as the caribous went 8 - 22 and well out of playoff contention .
he played one further match that year and three in 1920 but could not replicate his initial form , with a top score of only 11 in six innings .
in a war - ravaged future , humanity has come to depend on an alien species known as the biltongs , possessed of the ability to replicate items identically - although the copies only last for a short time .
moreno 's second hollywood feature , " pepe " , attempted to replicate the success of his first .
ironically , the 4310 had been designed to replicate the sonic idiosyncrasies of the altec 604 but in a smaller package to cater for the technical needs of the time .
while the king might have been trying to replicate his uncle saw o 's success in conquering the tenasserim coastline in the 1310s , he had no such opportunity .
the blood circle is taken down and sin learns vril simply plans to replicate the drug until he can wean himself off it .
various scale sizes of rc scale aircraft have been built in the decades since modern digital - proportional , miniaturized rc gear came on the market in the 1960s , and everything from indoor - flyable electric powered rc scale models , to enormous " giant scale " rc scale models , in scale size ranges that usually run from 20% to 25% , and upwards to 30 to 50% size of some smaller full scale aircraft designs , that can amazingly replicate some of the actual flight characteristics of the full scale aircraft they are based on , have been enjoyed , and continue to be built and flown , in sanctioned competition and for personal pleasure , as part of the rc scale aeromodeling hobby .
other unreleased prototypes that have appeared in print include brutus " the barber " beefcake in red and yellow attire meant to replicate his mega maniacs attire from wrestlemania ix to be in the purple carded set .
they replicate in response to a cells increasing energy needs which adjust during that cells lifespan .
the portrait that she was to replicate was one by the german - born court painter , johann zoffany .
an anonymous republican fundraising strategist found a close comparison between moneybombs and smaller " daily kos " fundraising pushes , and looked forward the possibility of " efforts to replicate this performance " .
the water mineral levels at each brewery are adjusted to replicate the water used in hawaii .
the ambiance of olive garden restaurants seeks to replicate an old - world italian style , utilizing foliage in their décor , stucco walls , and background music consisting of italian themes .
this process is carried out for each of the hedge fund strategies , and then these strategies are combined to produce a product that attempts to replicate the entire hedge fund universe .
one of the key goals of computational neuroscience is to dissect how biological systems carry out these complex computations efficiently and potentially replicate these processes in building intelligent machines .
one strand begins to replicate first , displacing the other strand .
after church services , thomas would go to the piano , and try to replicate the hymns he heard .
disguised slitheen can also perfectly replicate the voice of the person they are disguised as , even when not wearing the skinsuit ( although tinges of the alien voice are thrown in when not wearing it ) , although it is not made clear how this works .
it is a very distinct species that has entered cultivation and thrives in conditions that are easy to replicate .
he informs diana that circe has amplified his powers and uses his angler to replicate itself as a projectile stabbing tool .
many unique dishes resulted from the spice blends that the wives of portuguese sailors used in an attempt to replicate european dishes .
examples include markham , ottawa , and kitchener – which closely replicate the selection of food and general merchandise available at superstores .
the original building was a prominent example of italianate architecture which the 1887 rebuild was designed to replicate .
the future and long term goals of nwnp includes ( 1 ) acquiring additional resources for improving and extending distance education and telemedicine programs , ( 2 ) running electronic commerce training programs in the villages , ( 3 ) improving the quality of internet connectivity , ( 4 ) extending the existing network and services , ( 5 ) starting remittance and credit card transaction services in the villages and tourist towns , ( 6 ) organizing training programs to help others replicate the network in other parts of the country , ( 7 ) developing a formal web application dedicated to the purposes of telemedicine , ( 8) adding redundancy and backup to the existing network services , and ( 9 ) developing a limited liability company with multiple stakeholders .
jones had wanted foray to replicate the voice she had provided for a different witch hazel in disney films when he directed the earlier " bewitched bunny " .
if the bonsai grower can closely replicate the full year 's temperatures , relative humidity , and sunlight , the bonsai should do well .
this feat will be difficult to replicate , as the american association ceased to exist after the 1997 season .
he starts by tracking down his adoptive father , martin gray , in baltimore , making a stop in pittsburgh to kill an insurance broker who could replicate his signature , and possibly learn the whereabouts of martin .
direct pressure between the metatarsal heads will replicate the symptoms , as will compression of the forefoot between the finger and thumb so as to compress the transverse arch of the foot .
the drawback of doing so is that it is impossible to replicate objects with complicated quantum structures , such as living beings , dilithium , gold , or latinum .
because the bug was easy to replicate by an average user ( there was a sequence of numbers one could enter into the os calculator to show the error ) , intel 's statements that it was minor and " not even an erratum " were not accepted by many computer users .
the growth of the recording industry in the same approximate period was also important ; increased possible profits from music placed pressure on artists , songwriters and label executives to replicate previous hit songs .
by focusing attention in one state , these pilot programs can help to establish scalable plans that other states can then replicate to achieve similar results .
ajmal amir reportedly told the police that they wanted to replicate the islamabad marriott hotel attack , and reduce the taj hotel to rubble , replicating the 11 attacks in india .
madonna 's staff spoke with winfrey 's employees to learn from their successes and challenges , and though the school madonna is planning will be more modest , she hopes that this will make it easier for others to replicate in the future .
artificial photosynthesis is a research field that attempts to replicate the natural process of photosynthesis , converting sunlight , water , and carbon dioxide into carbohydrates and oxygen .
akgul returned to tashkent but failed to replicate her run from last year , falling to tamarine tanasugarn in the first round , this meant she would fall out of the top 200 for the first time in 2006 .
many have tried to replicate the guitar sounds on " loveless " , with varying degrees of success .
humphreys argued that much psychological research fails to replicate because of inadequate sample sizes , because correlations fluctuate when ns are small .
he then added blood stains , scorches and water stains to replicate the original .
it had all the features that would be expected by a race replicate , including a lap timer , and extreme ride position ( though not as extreme as mille ) , but used a slightly deturned version of the rsv mille engine .
later transistorized models , while sharing a similar mechanical approach to sound generation , did n't replicate the " fat " sound of the tube - based models , but instead sported a soulful and useful tremolo .
videos , natural history dioramas and photography replicate the sights , sounds , and smells of the area , and specimens of grizzlies , wolves , bighorn sheep , moose , elk and other wildlife are on display .
although the medication had dramatic positive results in the tests for efficacy , the molecule is not difficult to replicate , which is a negative vis - a - vis obtaining approval and satisfying investors that they are buying into an exclusively - owned product .
the group decided the only way to replicate their live sound on record was to record together without soundproofing between individual instruments .
neurons lack molecules necessary to present viral peptides on the surface to killer cells , which means they provide a safe house for viruses to replicate .
the idea behind suds is to try replicate natural systems that use cost effective solutions with low environmental impact to drain away dirty and surface water run - off through collection , storage , and cleaning before allowing it to be released slowly back into the environment , such as into water courses .
dr. rappenglueck has suggested that these pits might have been filled with animal fat and set on fire to replicate the stars in the sky .
it is easier to understand in cases where the cef is able to pick and choose assets and arbitrageurs are not able to determine the specific assets until months later , but some funds are forced to replicate a specific index and still trade at a discount .
to try to resolve the confusion surrounding the descendants of the prophet muhammad , the ottoman caliphs during the 19th century c.e. attempted to replicate the almanac gotha ( the tome listing the noble houses of europe ) to show known and verifiable lines of descent from the prophet muhammad .
it 's a simulation of the evolution of cellular automata in which cells replicate or die according to a simple set of rules .
when applied to live distributed objects , the perspective dictates that their constituent parts , which includes instances of distributed multi - party protocols used internally to replicate state , should also be modeled as live distributed objects .
pinball games are designed to replicate the look and feel of a real - life pinball table in virtual reality .
since the early 1980 ’s she has used acrylic , pencil , bronzing powders , metal leaf , mylar , foil , and other mixed media on paper and canvas in order to create maps that replicate the terrain in regions where she has lived - st .
most etfs are index funds that hold securities and attempt to replicate the performance of a stock market index .
he would examine many of the futuristic instruments and then replicate them for use in his present time .
they have researched ink formulations of the era that they want to replicate .
there had been criticism that the previous round of tests in july 2004 did not replicate match conditions due to a slower bowling speed in the laboratory tests .
plen is a small desktop toy humanoid robot that can replicate complex human movements .
unltd ventures provides consultancy support to a number of outstanding social entrepreneurs , helping them to scale up or replicate their projects .
a study conducted by the wpi reported in october 2009 that the xenotropic murine leukemia virus - related virus was found in most cfs patients they tested , sending many patients to doctors for tests and drugs , but an independent attempt to replicate this result reported failure in january 2010 .
in september 2005 to celebrate crystal palace 's centenary palace echo reverted back to the eagle eye name for one issue , and also managed to replicate the style of the original football fanzines .
second , of lakes , ponds , and bayous replicate the katy prairie ’s natural wetlands system .
further single releases " low " and " the trouble with love is " did not replicate the success of the previous single . "
the restored state of the rooms that one sees today at versailles closely replicate the " petit appartement de la reine " as it appeared during marie - antoinette ’s day ( verlet , 1937 ) .
additionally , in 1989 , the tepper school 's financial analysis and security trading center ( fast ) was the first educational institution to successfully replicate the live international data feeds and sophisticated software of wall street trading firms .
pop - tarts were introduced with fairly substantial marketing to the united kingdom in the early 1990s , although they have failed to replicate their u.s. success .
salminen remained a prolific writer , but she was never able to replicate the success of her debut novel , " katrina " .
the proposal suggests it be constructed of reinforced concrete clad in timber to replicate the original construction .
it was classified a " symphonic band " because it used extensive woodwinds such as flutes , clarinets , oboes and bassoons to replicate the sound of violins and cellos .
critics of the album ( including mccartney ) have said the original intent in the early 1969 sessions had been to keep the music simple , both to remain true to their rock ' n ' roll roots and to enable them to easily replicate the songs in possible future live performances .
however , the failure to replicate his findings and the fact that , though cell growth can be stimulated and directed by radiation this is possible only at much higher amplitudes , evoked a general skepticism about gurwitsch 's work .
they report that these studies have found that the symptoms of juvenile panic disorder almost replicate those found in adults ( e.g. heart palpitations , sweating , trembling , hot flashes , nausea , abdominal distress , and chills ) .
these privileges were governed by the principle of necessity rather than by historical incident , and thus may not exactly replicate the powers and privileges found in the united kingdom . "
without the unique conditions of the californian climate efforts to replicate this economic phenomenon elsewhere have failed
viral phenomena are objects or patterns able to replicate themselves or convert other objects into copies of themselves when these objects are exposed to them .
as of 2000 , hollywood video had indicated that it planned to replicate the store 's format .
fisher conceived of atlas as a means of institutionalizing his work to replicate the " independent think tank " model all over the world .
his trademark is a spinning kick first used on lelouch in the first episode , which he is able to replicate in his knightmare .
the prototype will replicate any dna found in martian ice or regolith using polymerase chain reaction amplification techniques .
parasites do not continue to replicate on adult butterflies and spores must be eaten by larvae to cause new infections .
when cell signaling conditions activate the generation of rta , it in turn activates synthesis of a stereotypic cascade of secondary and tertiary viral proteins that ultimately make components of the virus capsid and also the dna synthesis enzymes required to replicate the virus genome .
however , research has failed to replicate the two - factor model in female samples .
in said issue , she rechristened herself " phoenix " , having exposed herself to a memory crystal of her " mother " ( in truth the phoenix force impersonating her mom ) which granted her the knowledge needed to replicate her mother 's power signature .
in early 2002 , the department of the interior attempted to replicate the audit methodology used by gao and to update the gao report data to assess the continued growth of fractionation and found that it grew by over 40% between 1992 and 2002 .
such system can replicate the wiki site on multiple computers .
the chhatri domes replicate the onion shape of main dome .
the preserved larger piecers would be used to replicate the look of the facades , and would be fitted , adjusted , and strengthened to be sturdier on its own than it was after the collapse .
some viruses can " hide " within another cell , either to evade the host cell defenses or immune system , or simply because it is not in the best interest of the virus to continually replicate .
it works by inhibiting the protein tsg101 which is required by many viruses to replicate and reinfect other cells , and has been shown to protect mice from the ebola virus .
these instruments are designed to closely replicate the original examples and are very limited in number and often extremely expensive .
native omaha days has been cited nationally as an example of a strong community building activity for african americans , with many other cities seeking to replicate the event .
after a brief battle between the green goblin and the dark x - men , nate is defeated when green goblin forces mimic to replicate omega 's powers , turning the pair into a powerful siphon that drains nate 's energies .
in order to replicate the rok unit , the 12 f-51d mustangs of 182nd air national guard squadron of the 149th fighter group of the texas ang were enlisted by the usaf to provide the necessary authentic aircraft of the period .
the car itself was attached to a separate rig that was built to replicate the impact of the crash .
led by mantle , ford , berra , elston howard ( the yankees ' first african - american player ) , and the newly acquired roger maris , the yankees burst into the new decade seeking to replicate the remarkable success of the 1950s .
furthermore , these viruses require host cell polymerases to replicate the viral genome and hence are highly dependent on the cell cycle .
corporations created in this way would not , however , be able to replicate the limit on liabilities arising non - contractually , such as liability in tort for environmental disasters or personal injury , which corporations currently enjoy .
for instance , almodóvar 's vibrant use of color in 1988 's " women on the verge of a nervous breakdown " recalls the cinematography of sirk 's films of the 1950s , while haynes ' " far from heaven " was a conscious attempt to replicate a typical sirk melodrama -- in particular " all that heaven allows"- but with a more consciously ironic take on the material .
the schema mechanism is intended to replicate key aspects of cognitive development during infancy .
the fieldturf surfaces allow the packers to replicate game conditions for road games where they will have to play indoors or on artificial surfaces .
asymmetric breast forms incorporate an extension towards the armpit to replicate the shape of the tail of spence , while symmetric " triangle " or " teardrop " prostheses do not incorporate that extension .
in many laboratory experiments it is good practice to have several replicate samples for the test being performed and have both a positive control and a negative control .
many future matches attempted to replicate some of the spots from this match .
upon further pursuance of the situation , the unwitting android activates a dormant superman replicate android that had been left in the care of star labs .
unfortunately for somerset , he was unable to replicate this form in the following first - class seasons , finishing his career with seven first - class five - wicket hauls , and no ten - wicket matches .
t. suis " can colonize people but only for a short term and the worms can not replicate in people .
while the early results were successful the robotuna was not able to replicate the bursts of acceleration that real tuna were able to manage .
through reversing matter , or " retro - metabolism " , the mysterons are able to replicate and then control any person or object once it has been killed or destroyed .
the window moldings included framework for six - pointed stars made of red , white , and blue glass to replicate the originals .
despite not doing so , kate was considered a candidate for the deltites , who wished to replicate her as one of their own .
persinger , however , takes issue with the swedish attempts to replicate his work .
chan made a couple of further films for lo wei , but together they were unable to replicate the success of chan 's seasonal films releases .
if the calls on the stock are not traded in the market , the market is considered an incomplete market because it does not provide the ability to replicate the returns of a put option .
apart from scaled - down graphics and sound due to limited system capabilities , the ports perfectly replicate the arcade gameplay .
gauqelin 's work was accepted by the notable psychologist and statistician hans eysenck among others but later attempts to validate the data and replicate the effect have produced uneven results , chiefly owing to disagreements over the selection and analysis of the data set .
members of tombusviridae replicate in the cytoplasm , by use of negative strand templates .
past symposia have focused on the promises and challenges presented by biofuels for global development , the dual challenges of malnutrition and obesity , water insecurity and its impact on development and stability in the middle east , and " the green revolution redux : can we replicate the single greatest period of hunger reduction in all human history ? "
through their fan labor , fans are able to replicate " the original creative acts of first - principle deities , ancestors or cultural heroes . "
the television show " rowan and martin 's laugh - in " ( 1968 - 1973 ) was an attempt to replicate the fast - paced , anything - can - happen atmosphere for a new generation .
the period of the building 's construction was adopted , using old photographs and engravings as sources , and paint analysis to replicate original colors , the interior spaces were returned closely to their 1875 appearance .
the pic enters the cellular nucleus through the nuclear pore complex without disrupting the nuclear envelope , thus allowing hiv and related retroviruses to replicate in non - dividing cells .
as for the last question i.e. whether raaz - tmc matches up to nadeem - shravan 's " raaz " , then well , let 's put it this way that albums like aashiqui , raaz or a saajan are made only once and there should n't even be a conscious effort to replicate or surpass them .
the armory 's entrance hung with banners painted to replicate mr. schwarzman 's sprawling park avenue apartment .
she has the power of muscle mimicry , meaning she can replicate any physically possible motion she witnesses .
in 1995 , etc introduced the source four par which is meant to replicate the performance of par cans while lessening the disadvantages involved with traditional par cans .
however , su song stated in his writing that after zhang 's death , no one was able to replicate his device , much like his own .
burnie burns stated in the season 4 audio commentary that the glitch was something that they kept noticing a lot while filming the episodes , and when they discovered how to replicate this " lighting glitch " they utilised it extensively .
" they did n't replicate it , not even close , " he says .
however , gilbert and sullivan were careful to replicate the historical tower as closely as possible in the opera 's in settings , costumes and music .
first , students must choose an experiment to replicate .
the most commonly used plant transformation vectors are termed binary vectors because of their ability to replicate in both " e. coli " and " agrobacterium tumefaciens " .
( robertson 's method can be used for greater precision , but we will be content with 2940 k in order to replicate published results . )
it was replaced on september 18th 1930 by trolleybuses , which today are replaced by buses which replicate an almost exact route .
when crème de violette is not available it is possible to use the parfait amour or creme yvette to replicate the violet color in a drink , though the taste profile is quite different .
stone veneer is a decorative building material manufactured to replicate the look of natural stone .
participants are given the tools and guidance to replicate the trainings in their own communities .
one of cadderly 's abilities is to see images on the shoulders of people ; these images replicate the thoughts and desires of their owner .
the old - style horses are hand - carved and painted to replicate the style of the antique horses found in swedish museums or held in private family collections .
in 1927 kolstov proposed that inherited traits would be inherited via a " giant hereditary molecule " which would be made up of " two mirror strands that would replicate in a semi - conservative fashion using each strand as a template " .
the myxomatosis virus does not replicate in these insect hosts , but can be physically carried by an insect 's mouthparts , i.e. from an infected rabbit to another susceptible animal .
for example , in the nobili - pesavento 32-state implementation shown above , while the body of the machine is just 6,329 non - empty cells ( within a rectangle of size 97x170 ) , it requires a tape that is 145,315 cells long , and takes 63 billion timesteps to replicate .
wysiwyg wiki sites replicate many features of pc authoring applications .
marvin currently uses the analogue tvs3 echo which was developed by technicians , in particular paul rossiter , and musicians in australia in an attempt to replicate the sounds of the original drum echo machines used on the early shadows records , and preferred by marvin .
although part of a successful team , brown was unable to replicate the centuries he made in each of his two previous tests at lord ’s on the preceding tours , and it was to be the last test of his career .
unable to replicate the success of his earlier career , limahl hit hard times and was later photographed coming out of an unemployment office in the uk .
this makes it much more difficult to scale or replicate attacks , since each cluster / individual has a different security profile and there should be no common weaknesses .
as the quarterback for notre dame under head coach hunk anderson , he was unable to replicate his success from high school .
it is now being renovated to its former glory by the surviving members of the nawab family residing in the u.a.e. the bunglow is expected to replicate the former glory of the kingdom of kurnool .
the climax was moved from westminster abbey to the tate modern , as the latter was easier to replicate in studio , and there was no visible monster .
mackintosh 's less successful productions include " moby dick " , " martin guerre " and the stage adaptation of john updike 's " the witches of eastwick " which , despite some positive reviews and run of over 15 months , failed to replicate the worldwide success of his previous blockbusters .
at this stage , the organism is not infective but it can replicate by transverse binary fission .
the film was entirely filmed in front of a green screen and tried to recapture the look of the original – several shots from the original were superimposed behind the actors to exactly replicate some scenes .
it was recorded in 1995 as a second phase in the band 's experiment to replicate sounds of various kinds of psychosis .
surprisingly one is very much “ in the moment ” of creation when attempting to replicate an image , an attempt which is almost designed to fail in order to arrive at a picture , which in spite of its precedents , is unique .
they replicate themselves in spite of being detrimental to the rest of the genome .
a monopolist can not replicate this process .
the six remaining genes , " tat " , " rev " , " nef " , " vif " , " vpr " , and " vpu " ( or " vpx " in the case of hiv-2 ) , are regulatory genes for proteins that control the ability of hiv to infect cells , produce new copies of virus ( replicate ) , or cause disease .
full - environment simulation ( fes ) includes the patient ( simulator ) , other healthcare professionals and ancillary equipment and supplies designed to replicate the clinical environment . incorporating the simulated patient into a simulated operating room environment , complete with an anesthesia machine , monitors , and
this group of decepticons was then approached by the hive , who sought to replicate the headmaster process with them , but cyclonus was able to bargain them to down to taking only half the decepticons ' heads , offering up the weapons of the others as alternatives .
some attempts to replicate this feat have had some success ( though not the attempt by the " mythbusters " television program ) .
the bill is immediately used to replicate japan 's non - tariff barriers , and cuts off the export u.s. markets that japan 's economy depends upon .
artificial photosynthesis is a research field that attempts to replicate the natural process of photosynthesis , converting sunlight , water and carbon dioxide into carbohydrates and oxygen .
pandora fms has several servers that process and get information from different sources , using wmi for gathering remote windows information , a predictive server , a plugin server who makes complex user - defined network tests , an advanced export server to replicate data between different sites of pandora fms , a network discovery server and a snmp trap console .
due to the use of 8 separate microarrays per biochip , seven replicate intensity readings are made available and the median value is generally applied to the graphical results .
the children of henry pym and wasp used their parents ' technology to replicate their powers .
the cell will mature to an antibody - secreting b cell , replicate itself to an enormous extent , follow a maturation pathway that results in improvement of the antibody structure and production of long lived memory b cells .
lifecasts can replicate details as small as fingerprints and pores .
thus they have a greater toxic effect on rapidly dividing cells ( such as malignant and myeloid cells , and gi & oral mucosa ) , which replicate their dna more frequently , and thus inhibits the growth and proliferation of these non - cancerous cells as well as causing the side effects listed .
fans of the series often make " option files " and " patches " which modify all player names into those of their real life counterparts , as well as including transfers from the latest transfer window and , occasionally , altered stats of more obscure players whose in - game attributes do not precisely replicate their real life skills .
and now with lowe , he is working on a project to laser scan and replicate the tomb of seti i in the valley of the kings which is due to be completed in 2005 .
" chlamydia " are obligate intracellular parasite bacterial pathogens , and are thus unable to replicate outside of a host cell .
when ghb was banned , several " designer drugs " were made to replicate its effects - gbl and 1,4-butanediol , all of which metabolized into ghb " in vivo " and are now banned or in some countries .
however , when the scientists moved on to tightly controlled experimental conditions , shaw and edwards were no longer able to replicate the effects and were now considered " no longer worthwhile to fly them in , if they were only going to produce such meager results . "
smith returned each of the next two seasons , but the atoms were unable to replicate their first year success .
he could not replicate this administrative policy everywhere in his far flung empire , however .
windows replicate those at aylesford priory .
generally the plaster is applied in a way that will conform to the outline of a figure , or object , in a painting , so that the daily segments will not show , but it is occasionally visible as different sections in a work where the artist may not have been able to replicate a pigment exactly the next day , or where restoration has altered or made apparent the changes in pigment between the sections .
it was widely admired , but most historians did not try to replicate it and instead focused on their specialized monographs .
in a message - based middleware system , the recipient 's message need not replicate the sender 's message exactly .
the open broadcast replicate variant will allow communication with all ports simultaneously .
this architecture underlies biological systems’ ability to physically adapt , grow , heal , and even self replicate
in călinescu 's view , the novel is " somewhat more consistent from an epic perspective " , but fails to respect the conventions of the adventure novel it sets out to replicate .
in addition to the firing of kiske , abdel - nabi , whose inability to replicate schwichtenberg 's machine - gun style of drumming hindered helloween 's ability to play live fan - favorites like " eagle fly free " and " how many tears " , was sent away by the band .
it is most famous in the " naruto " world for its ability to memorize and replicate any movement it has seen , allowing the user to copy most opponent 's jutsu by memorizing the handsigns / muscle movements and allows them to use the jutsu against them and later opponents .
in a few fields , all of the data necessary to replicate the work is already available in the journal article .
the ieee does not have the authority to replicate the registration process in its complementary environment .
multiple pages of information was thus employed to replicate the information on the replaced panel board .
billionaire and 1992 independent presidential candidate ross perot , the nominee of the newly founded reform party , though performing strongly for a third party candidate and receiving 8.4% of the vote , was unable to improve , let alone replicate , his performance from his 1992 campaign .
they studied progressive era designs and stitching patterns and searched for machines that could replicate those looks and product design .
while the view that ethosuximide is a t - type calcium channel blocker gained widespread support following its proposal , attempts to replicate the initial finding were inconsistent .
today children and adults are still educated in the trinity schoolhouse , which is now run as a museum designed to replicate a mid - nineteenth century classroom .
in vietnamese , the form uses an internal rhyme scheme that is almost impossible to replicate in english successfully .
jenova reunion is often loathe to play live , since many of its musical pieces contain multitracking , musique concrète and various studio effects that are almost impossible to replicate in a live venue .
researchers commonly replicate dna " in vitro " using the polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) .
to replicate the activities of pandava sena all over the world .
the amul pattern of cooperatives had been so successful , in 1965 , then prime minister of india , shri lal bahadur shastri , created the national dairy development board ( nddb ) ( nddb ) to replicate the program on a nationwide basis citing kurien 's " extraordinary and dynamic leadership " upon naming him chairman .
however , it has proven extremely difficult ( perhaps impossible ) to replicate such extraordinary experiences under controlled scientific conditions .
the original manual method was retained by the electronic mechanism , in order to replicate how the bells would have sounded if they were rung by hand .
there are differences between the dimensions of the real weapon and the replica , due to the fact that classic army attempted to replicate tokyo marui rather than the real weapon .
these historical song illustrations inspired some dragon boat race organizers in taipei taiwan to replicate flag pulling finish line markers in their annual races , the only place in asia where this particular , and peculiar form of racing apparatus can be found .
was also released as a single , but did not replicate the chart success of " i want you back " .
the squadron 's aircraft markings are grey & white stripes on the aircraft tail to replicate the tail markings on a diamondback rattlesnake and the markings on the lighthouses in north carolina .
one of the main features of amga and unique to it , is the possibility to replicate metadata between different amga instances allowing the federation of metadata ( e.g. by the the health - e - child project ) , but also to increase the scalability and improve the access times on a globally deployed grid ( as done by the wisdom project ) .
the band toured extensively and played every major venue in the u.s. , canada , and mexico through the mid 1980s with a full horn section and two backup girl singers to replicate the trademark sound of their biggest hits .
the experience " is fun and interactive ... while effectively telling a brand story of teamwork , honor and respect , " says drew neisser , ceo of renegade , an experiential marketing agency . " commercial clients should try to replicate this model ... which gives users a realistic view of what the brand is about . "
interest in the grape started with california wine makers , who wanted to replicate the bordeaux blend ( now marketed as meritage ) .
after the publication of these findings , various attempts to replicate the remote viewing findings were quickly carried out .
however , “ payments were made at the official rate , as any higher allowances would undermine the government ’s capacity to sustain or replicate work without donor inputs . ”
however , he was unable to replicate this form in the tests .
. desired features in word such as indentation before typing ( emulating the f4 feature in wordperfect ) , the ability to block text to copy it before typing , instead of picking up mouse or blocking after typing and a reliable way to have macros and other functions that always replicate the same function time after time , were just some of word 's problems for production typing .
this requires the backtest to replicate the market conditions of the time in question in order to get an accurate result .
failure to replicate observations .
