allegations of kgb ties , which were denied and judged as defamation in justice , included former ( and current ) premier romano prodi , labelled as the " kgb 's man in italy " , his staff , massimo d'alema , alfonso pecoraro scanio , general giuseppe cucchi ( current director of the cesis ) , milan 's judges armando spataro , and guido salvini , both in charge of the " imam rapito " case , as well as " la repubblica " reporters carlo bonini and giuseppe d'avanzo , who broke the yellowcake forgery scandal .
the pentagon established the policy of " embedding " reporters with military units .
the journalist accused clinton of orchestrating the deaths of several reporters and personal confidants who had gotten too close to his illegalities .
despite having fewer reporters and being a latecomer to national news in canada , " global national " has come to rival its competitors at " ctv national news " and cbc 's " the national " in both awards and ratings .
some reporters landed in prison or their graves for writing the truth .
on september 11 , he held a press conference in front of more than 150 reporters and announced that he would not be declaring for the draft , opting to go to college instead .
the competitive newspaper reporters covering the kemmler execution jumped on the abnormalities as each newspaper source tried to outdo each other with sensational headlines and reports .
as with reporters on other news beats , sports journalism involves investigating the story , rather than simply relying on press releases and prepared statements from the sports team , coaching staff , or players .
stern also held a live press conference and answered questions from news reporters .
the smathers campaign denied his having made the speech , as did the reporters who covered his campaign , but the hoax followed smathers to his death .
on the evening of 9 december , as mccartney was leaving an oxford street recording studio , he was surrounded by reporters and asked for his reaction to lennon 's death .
also , a spokesperson for kraft made a misinformed comment to reporters .
angela cartwright ( penny robinson ) and marta kristen ( judy robinson ) appeared as news reporters .
ellison 's spokesperson told reporters that the trip was " a natural extension of his visit to iraq " and that " the middle east peace issue is important to the diverse communities of his minneapolis - area district — from the jewish community relations council to the patrons of the holy land middle eastern eatery on lake street and central avenue .
however , further investigations by local kentucky reporters at the " lexington herald - leader " revealed that warnke 's ministry had engaged in financial misdeeds and that " mike , his ex - wife rose , and her brother neale [ hall ] received a total of $ 809,680 in salary at a time when the ministry newsletter claimed donations were down and more funds were needed .
while covering presley 's death , alanna nash had seen what most of the throng of reporters there at the time considered as somewhat bizarre decorum by parker when he came to the funeral dressed in a hawaiian shirt and baseball cap .
similar groups in other cities were broken up as well — reporters spread out to report on the conflict .
techniques in courses organized , among others , by the swedish investigative reporters and
in november 2005 , frist told reporters that he was less concerned about possible torture at cia secret prisons than he was about potentially compromising the security of millions of americans .
investigation follows pattern of harassment " this investigation was likened to behar 's assertions of harassment , as well as other reporters ' experiences from 1974 , 1988 , and 1997 .
in 2006 , the station was featured in an episode of the surreal life , in which the cast of the reality - based series were hired as anchors and reporters for the station 's 6:30pm newscast .
minister žbogar told the reporters that slovenia must " protect its national interests " , even though the blockade of croatia was n't easy : " slovenia does not enjoy this position " .
munro sued the paper , its editors , and the two reporters for libel .
it disturbs me that he can reach a slimy hand out of the sewer to grab me by the ankle like this , " he told the reporters . " the allegations are totally false . "
play - by - play announcer al michaels and color commentator john madden were in the booth , with andrea kremer and alex flanagan serving as sideline reporters .
both services were produced and broadcast from the main studios at anglia house in norwich ( long before this practice was rolled out as standard across the itv regional news services ) with reporters based at newsrooms in cambridge , ipswich , chelmsford , peterborough , northampton , milton keynes and luton , along with a political base at westminster .
he told reporters : " just from what little i ’ve seen of her and mr. obama , senator obama , they 're a member of an elitist - class individual that thinks that they 're uppity , " westmoreland said .
according to a former reporter , farah issued memos prohibiting reporters from using the words " gay , " assault rifles , " and " women 's health center " ; these were replaced by " homosexual , " semi - automatic rifles , " and " abortion clinics . "
it was held in the adjoining astrohall convention center on the third day , saturday , november 10 , and attended by 30 reporters .
with a well - knit network of ob vans , vsats , stringers and reporters , sadhna news has become a daily household name in the region .
in 2005 , reporters without borders ranked the prc 159 ( out of 167 states ) in its annual world press freedom index .
however , the bulk of his job has involved being one of wbbm 's star reporters , including on the ill - fated non - tabloid 10 p.m. newscast anchored by carol marin that ran for nine months in 2000 .
the station eventually added such reporters as howard gingold and saul halpert , among others , and added news bureaus in sacramento , san francisco and orange county , each with full - time correspondents and camera crews .
from then on both sanjay and gita were hounded by reporters and sharmilla began to get bullied at school .
following fay 's sentence , the case received wide coverage by the u.s. and world media and dozens of reporters were sent to singapore to cover the case . "
bernal told reporters " i feel a lot of responsibility .
it has been argued that the category of " mandatory reporters " should be expanded to members of the clergy ; however in some more traditional denominations the conflict this creates with the " confessional " makes this unworkable .
shivranjani raje told reporters he is active and rehabilitating with the help of an american occupational physiotherapist .
as the show progressed , new reporters joined the team , such as c4 's music host personality jaquie brown who produced human interest stories for the programme .
a predecessor to video journalism first appeared in the 1960s in the usa , when reporters had to write and shoot their own stories .
the group was created in response to a ban on reporters from the honolulu star - bulletin and honolulu advertiser from press conferences by then honolulu mayor frank fasi .
due to rté cutbacks , instead of using satellite , reporters on foreign assignments were asked to send reports by internet link .
coolidge dressed , said a prayer , and came downstairs to greet the reporters who had assembled .
” di giovanni is one of the characters of a documentary about women war reporters , bearing witness , a film by three - time academy award winning director barbara kopple , which was shown at the tribeca film festival , and on the a&e network on may 26 , 2005 .
after the trial concludes with the conviction of the murder suspect , they hug and lindsay reels him in for a kiss but they are mobbed by reporters and miss their chance .
in this a - to - z guide , journalists , television reporters and photographers , together with leading legal scholars and military law experts , define the major war crimes and key terms of law and take a fresh look at nine recent wars using the framework of international humanitarian law .
trudeau famously defended the decriminalization of homosexual acts segment of the bill by telling reporters that " there 's no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation " , adding that " what 's done in private between adults does n't concern the criminal code " .
following the july 6 , 2003 , editorial by former ambassador joseph wilson , bartlett ( with ari fleischer ) pushed reporters to pursue who in the cia sent him to niger , but stopped short of revealing that his wife worked for the agency .
spike decided to identify with his character , and told disbelieving reporters that he thought it would be a nice comfortable rest for him .
sullivan was one of a small group of anchors and reporters which launched cnn , which led to the 24-hour news cycle of the cable news broadcast within the field of journalism .
reporters responded with a multi - media package of articles , videos , eye - witness accounts and reader submissions .
president rajko kuzmanovic , on the other hand , told reporters that this move does not jeopardize republika srpska 's place within bosnia and herzegovina .
in cbs sports ' weekly " expert picks " , all five reporters chose oklahoma to win .
he frequently interacted with reporters , often going to great lengths in his interviews to stress connections with the cia and special forces .
in the late 1990s , an article in the " the guardian " revealed that pilcher had been in close contact with journalists from the " news of the world " , a top - selling british sunday tabloid newspaper , and that its reporters had passed information to the police about alleged drug use by pop stars .
” in a motion sent to the prosecutor , the boy 's court - appointed lawyer , and to reporters , thompson asked to be recognized as the boy 's lawyer in the case .
jeremy bowen , a bbc correspondent , was one of the first television reporters on the scene .
shortly afterwards , canadian transcontinental airways chief pilot , roméo vachon arrived with four passengers : photographers roy fernstom of associated press and edward n. jackson of pacific and atlantic photos , with reporters leslie roberts of hearst and james stanton of the " quebec chronicle express " .
in addition , one of its reporters , tayseer allouni , was expelled from the country , while another one , diyar al - omari , was stripped of his journalistic permits by the us .
the " tribunes reporters made frequent appearances on kdlh3news and " storm team 3 " as it was dubbed , provided the weather for the paper in the top left corner of the weather section .
on february 16 , 2008 , iraqi defense minister abdel qader jassim mohammed told reporters that the surge was " working very well " and that iraq has a " pressing " need for troops to stay to secure iraqi borders .
in 2004 , undercover reporters from bbc 's programme panorama secretly filmed slavkov in a meeting during which he and an associate , goran takač , suggested that slavkov is willing to vote for london 's 2012 olympic bid and solicit votes from other ioc members in exchange for bribes .
no major us networks covered the games , while newspapers only sent second - string reporters instead and the stories never made front page news .
in october 2000 he helped set up a war avoidance team to carry messages back and forth between the then minister of state for foreign affairs , mr peter hain , and iraqi minister mr tariq aziz ( a matter then confidential which has since been put on public record in an interview with mr hain by the today program and in responses to questions from news reporters ) .
for first - time spamcop reporters , the spamcop parsing and reporting service requires the reporter manually verify that each submission is spam and that the destinations of the spam reports are correct .
meehan told reporters " we pasted them .
on 24 october 1986 , the " news of the world " filmed and audiotaped michael stacpoole , a representative of jeffrey archer , giving coghlan £ 2,000 in £ 50 notes on platform 3 of london 's victoria station to leave the country to avoid reporters .
reporters without borders is a founding member of the international freedom of expression exchange , a virtual network of non - governmental organisations that monitors free expression violations worldwide and defends journalists , writers and others who are persecuted for exercising their right to freedom of expression .
the last day of filming was on 21 august 2007 ; cameo scenes by bbc reporters jason mohammad and nicholas witchell were filmed at bbc 's broadcasting houses in llandaff and london .
the streak started quietly , but by the time it had reached 30 games , the media took notice and a pool of reporters accompanied rose and the reds to every game .
he even sent reporters to fashion houses disguised as messengers , or had them observe designers ' new styles from windows of buildings opposite fashion houses .
the next morning reporters arrive in hamsterdam .
a famous instance of the use of an anonymous source is the series of articles by " washington post " reporters bob woodward and carl bernstein which uncovered the watergate scandal , ultimately leading to the resignation of us president richard nixon .
in " sidekicks " ( issues # 1-#6 ) , reporters jessica jones ( a former teen superhero known as jewel ) and kat farrell of " the daily bugle " and heroes captain america and iron man investigate a new group of teenage heroes .
truman , aided by the secret service , sneaked away from reporters covering him in kansas city and made his way to nearby excelsior springs , missouri , a small resort town .
in fact , one of the unfair labor practices that an administrative law judge found the news - press guilty of was unlawfully demanding that reporters remove " mccaw , obey the law " buttons from their clothing and signs from their cars .
the president addresses reporters , explaining that while some people think violence is the only answer , he will rely on diplomacy and peaceful means .
nixon remained , and surprised some reporters prior to the 1985 provincial election by openly speculating about a future liberal - ndp coalition .
in a similar vein to his later faux attempt at an on - air marriage to drew barrymore on " saturday night live " , tom and monica fooled local reporters with an " important announcement " which turned out to be nothing more than a request for more fabric for lewinsky 's handbags .
a controversial figure , she is besieged by questions from reporters about whether her photos glorify violence and are demeaning to women .
according to the reporters without borders press freedom index for 2007 , ranked iran 166th out of 169 nations .
these new reporters can have various advantages including higher sensitivities and multiplexing .
aol even provided a chunk of its own search data online , allowing reporters to track the online behaviour of private individuals .
newspapers such as the herald ( plymouth ) , sheffield star , glasgow herald , daily record , leicester mercury , newcastle chronicle and the worcester news have dedicated basketball reporters who cover the local team .
according to mike allen , in " time magazine " , rove 's attorney robert d. luskin told reporters that he received a fax from fitzgerald indicating that " absent any unexpected developments , he does not anticipate seeking any criminal charges against rove . " john solomon of associated press reported that the news came by telephone rather than fax .
matthew kovar , a senior analyst at the market research firm yankee group , generated some publicity when he told reporters the attacks caused usd $ 1.2 billion in global economic damages .
the reporters without borders and the committee to protect journalists publish reports on press freedom and organize campaigns .
the film takes place in tokyo in 2007 , where two reporters - sarah sullivan ( sarah lieving ) and erin lynch ( erin sullivan ) - have arrived from the united states to document unusual seismic disturbances that have been picked up around tokyo .
at the end of the series , he is seen in his human form amongst some reporters outside of van 's trial .
for example , two reporters from the daily mirror newspaper in november 2009 compared prices for branded products offered at poundland with the same products offered at larger supermarket stores and found in some cases the larger supermarket stores offered better value for money .
health minister dr. stevenson kuartei told reporters that although there is no reported case in palau , a task force has been convened to increase screening of passengers entering the country .
when morvan and pilatus pressured farian to let them sing on the next album , farian revealed to reporters on 15 november 1990 that morvan and pilatus had not actually sung on any of the records .
upon acquiring the diverse group of papers , singleton consolidated several news sections ( such as sports and features ) to one local office away from the metropolitan area , having a few reporters do the job of what had been many individuals .
the program also features news presenter patrick finerty , field reporters seirah royin and dragonfly de la luz , horticulturist and author ed rosenthal as a cannabis " expert " , and chef mike delao to illustrate the preparation of cannabis foods .
brima dawson kuyateh is a sierra leonean journalist and the current president of the sierra leone reporters union .
while the two above - named reporters broke the news , they are by no means the only sports writers of note at the chronicle .
there are also news programs featuring spanish - language reporters .
they include fbi probes , extensive polygraphing inside the cia and a warning from the justice department that reporters could be prosecuted under espionage laws . " the relevant parts of the espionage act of 1917 is in u.s. code title 18 , part i , chapter 37 .
according to reporters without borders , xinhua 's journalists are hand - picked and indoctrinated to produce media reports that give the official point of view of the chinese communist party .
they also began expressing their concerns to reporters who began to investigate more closely .
kerry smith , abc 's senior vice president for editorial quality , who headed up the inquiry , described the process as " particularly sensitive " because it involved re - reporting on confidential sources , belonging not just to mr. debat but to other , current abc reporters — reflecting the collective nature of investigative work .
wieman was again caught by surprise and told reporters , " i have not resigned from my position and have no desire or intention of resigning . "
as he later told reporters , he was too ashamed to stay in warsaw after his unexpected loss , and gladly accepted the offer from radom .
nonetheless , they assigned two reporters to investigate in november 2005 .
cuba 's ranking was on the bottom of the press freedom index 2008 compiled by the reporters without borders ( rwb ) .
in january 2010 , comcorp announced that they would be closing kveo 's news department , other than a few reporters .
both these men hold the merit of being the first traffic reporters in venezuela and having created a very peculiar narration style .
case citation is the system used in many countries to identify the decisions in past court cases , either in special series of books called reporters or law reports , or in a ' neutral ' form which will identify a decision wherever it was reported .
features reporters include elaine singleton and judith dornan .
founded in 1836 and based in new york , " american banker 's " 70 reporters and editors in six cities monitor developments and breaking news affecting banks .
no fat , no cholesterol , no calories — no substance and no mass ! " ) , and reporters brick walters , bud buck , and " the morning show 's " " living and loving correspondent , " b. marty barry .
the 1999 gas and fuel tax hikes were never on the ballot in arkansas , but huckabee has told reporters “ the fuel tax was a vote of the people — eighty percent of the people voted to improve roads ” ,
pit reporters .
reporters include joanna harrison , alex de jong , jon lamberton , rian maelzer , chris bockman and nick mackie .
community reporters are from communities producing social commentary and documentaries about themselves .
otherwise , lawyers in jurisdictions that require citations to all official and unofficial reporters would have to subscribe to " both " online services to get all the necessary page numbers for citations in their briefs .
" the hollywood reporters ray richmond said " in hindsight , this live thing proved a good idea . "
the newscast was called " city camera news " , and reporters were equipped with polaroid cameras to photograph news events , so that pictures could be quickly broadcast when they returned to the studio .
physicist edward teller , a principal proponent of sdi and x - ray lasers , told reporters in 1984 that he had been courted by larouche , but kept his distance .
furthermore , the brash clay was not liked by most reporters .
jekshenkulov told reporters on 5 october 2006 that kyrgyz president kurmanbek bakiyev 's first visit to uzbekistan , a historic event in kyrgyzstan - uzbekistan relations as it was the first meeting by a kyrgyz president in ten years , and his meeting with uzbek president islom karimov on 3 - 4 october , were " very successful .
the only passengers were scott , jack , and several reporters .
cox once took four child reporters to 10 downing street to interview margaret thatcher .
cox handed his article to the telegraph operator and thus scooped all of the other reporters .
on june 7 , boddie , who had recently moved from surry county to newport news , conducted interviews with news reporters from local television stations and the newport news " daily press " newspaper in front of the nightclub in hampton where one of his arrests had taken place .
for reporters and interrogators alike , she always had a warm country sass response for every question .
investigative reporters carlo bonini and giuseppe d'avanzo report that nicolo pollari , chief of italy 's military intelligence service , sismi , brought the niger yellowcake story directly to the white house after his insistent overtures had been rejected by the central intelligence agency in 2001 and 2002 .
for example , the 1966 sequences echo the movie of woodstock using split screens and multiple angles of the same event simultaneously on screen , the 1965 sequences ( set in vietnam ) shot hand - held on grainy super 16 mm film designed to resemble war reporters ' footage .
many prominent news agencies sent highly decorated reporters to cover the event . "
in 2006 ohmynews started to build a japan - based citizen - participatory journalism site called ohmynews japan , launched on august 28 with a famous japanese journalist and 22 other employees working under ten reporters .
he later detailed his experiences to reporters prior to the barcelona olympic games and used the material for his book and speaking tour as an example on how to turn one 's life around .
throughout the lawsuit , 19 witnesses were heard over a two and a half year process including directors , newspaper reporters , film critics and two members of the film - going public .
" it currently has 6,000 citizen reporters from 110 countries .
westfall told reporters that a perforated eardrum and a tendency to asthma resulted in the 4-f classification .
their full - year revenue is thus only around ¥ 10,000 ; the county government gives them a subsidy to cover roughly ¥ 30,000 of annual paper and printing costs and ¥ 3,000 of salaries paid to reporters .
he oversaw the newspaper 's coverage of watergate and resisted efforts by the paper 's national reporters to take over the story .
cooper is considered the inventor of the first handheld cellular phone and the first person to make a call on a handheld cell phone prototype on april 3 , 1973 , in front of reporters and passers - by on a new york city street .
in canada , the canadian broadcasting corporation made a widespread move into hiring video journalists ( or retraining existing reporters or camera people to do multiple jobs ) in the late 1990 ’s .
viduka told reporters " it was obvious that he made a mistake but everybody makes a mistake . "
in may , 2008 , a federal district court denied injunctive relief to the regional director of the national labor relations board in los angeles , who sought the reinstatement of eight illegally fired news - press reporters .
her testimony of the attacks , reported shortly afterward by two american reporters but called into question by the u.s. journalism community as well as by the u.s. and salvadoran governments , was instrumental in the eventual investigation by the united nations commission on the truth for el salvador after the end of the war .
they were spotted and followed by reporters constantly .
durbin said that during the meeting he advised him to resign : " i told him under the circumstances that i would consider resigning , " durbin told reporters .
neither commentators nor reporters appeared to understand that close 's approach was to hit benaud out of the attack , and thus make it easier for right - handed batsmen to score runs .
fox news break " news capsules segments produced and compiled by wnyw and kttv reporters also aired during network primetime from the network 's launch in 1987 until about 1994 .
it 's a great feeling to know that people in other places and other countries are aware of my music and what i do " , lohan told to reporters .
the following month , governor alwani had expressed to reporters that his primary concern was that a sectarian - divided iraq would inspire meddling from iran and other neighboring countries .
seven people were fired : anchors john johnson , michele marsh and tony guida ; sports anchor bernie smilovitz ; and reporters reggie harris , roseanne colletti , and magee hickey .
daniel told reporters that the name nexus was taken from a star trek film , and it means link , which obviously is what the company does , link up countries via air transport .
interior minister wolfgang schäuble , after a government - sponsored conference with muslim representatives held independently of the incident , told reporters that " [ t]o send a signal , we could all go to the performance together , " and the muslim representatives agreed that the performance should not be cancelled .
on october 24 , 2004 , the " mail on sunday " ran an interview with fergus garber , identified as garber 's younger brother ( by eight years ) ; he told reporters that garber had contracted hepatitis — probably , he said , from eating " bad meat "— while traveling in india in 1976 , and it had already spread to his pancreas when their father brought garber back to england the following year .
news staff reporters - madeline glover
lee is the news editor of the channel and ling is one of the agency 's reporters .
" mel king told reporters that the key to the project was convincing ordinary bostonians that they had to play a role in the development of their neighborhood .
following mcgauran 's resignation announcement , craig ingram , independent victorian mla for the seat of gippsland east , told reporters that he was considering contesting the by - election as an independent .
in particular , one observer noted that younger reporters who have measurable , if cautious , contact with the west generally show minimal trust in official sources of information , are inclined to discount propaganda , and are determined to be comprehensive in their reporting .
the reporters were allowed to leave the prison without incident , and warden powell announced that he expected to have the hostages released as per the agreement he had made with alton .
before the storming of golden temple by indian army starting june 3 , 1984 , reporters were removed from punjab ( india ) by the authorities and a media blackout was enforced .
new reporters came in , some of whom would remain in the show for the next 3 years .
in an episode from the first season , before he moved into the osbourne home , kelly jokes that reporters constantly mistake robert for her boyfriend , " but he 's just a friend . "
saavedra told reporters from the " el nuevo herald " that " you can not offend the sensitivities of the people " , while describing the film as " a disgrace " .
stylebook : toro ’s international street fashion reporters contribute candid pictures of various stylish men , with an intended focus on originality and authenticity .
during the racing season they broadcast a weekly nascar show called total access from the texas motor speedway every saturday at 1 pm , every race broadcast on the motor racing network , and mrn 's rival performance racing network , which produces fast talk , a weekly racing show from daytona beach , the sprint cup series racing events , garage pass , and the alltel pit reporters show ..
the ( united states ) national association of science writers was created in 1934 by a dozen science journalists and reporters in new york city .
reporters without borders — rsf monitors press freedom violations and releases an annual press freedom index that ranks countries based on their score , with a higher number indicating more press freedom violations .
a chorus of reporters sings to the new president of the ' 17 vacations you have had since you 've been here . '
to research for the role , platt spent time with crime reporters phil messing of the " new york post " , lenny levitt of " newsday " , and juan gonzalez and jim dwyer of the " new york daily news " .
he did get banks and dwayne smith out in that fashion - the latter for a 12-ball cameo that yielded 26 runs - but cricinfo reporters argued that he could have had many more .
the point of these articles was that the reporters and editors who covered silicon valley were well aware of these relationships and their potential impact on google 's stock price and brand reputation .
the vibe of the album , " she wrote in notes for reporters , was " all about busting out , being on the edge , playing with great abandon to see what we could come up with . "
smith was concerned about reporters from the hearst papers , who had taken frank 's side .
players take the roles of criminals , law enforcement professionals , or other characters ( such as newspaper reporters ) who investigate or oppose criminals .
this completely hands - on experience , teaches our reporters and techies the skills necessary to use the equipment and tell a story .
this is also often used for television reporters and interview subjects speaking to a host from a remote location .
when the two stations broadcast a state - wide office debate , such as governor or u. s. senate , they will pool resources and have anchors or reporters from both stations participate in the debate .
the coverage of the murder and trial was highly polarized , with reporters either sympathizing with jewett and vilifying robinson or attacking jewett as a seductress who , according to nineteenth century standards , deserved her fate .
sir philip gibbs ( may 1 , 1877 - march 10 , 1962 ) was an english journalist and novelist who served as one of five official british reporters during the first world war .
as such , female reporters were not even allowed in the pit area until 1971 .
the magazine 's website , is headed up by web managing editor mickey mclean and includes online - only written by the magazine 's editors , reporters , writers , and contributors , as well as , and .
a group of stringer reporters informed t - n network listeners of news from other areas of the state .
in 2009 , reporters discovered that marcus epstein , the executive director of team america , had assaulted an african american woman in 2007 , and had used a racial epithet .
is the center 's home for original journalism , as written by a small staff of reporters .
in that case , the court determined that public officials could win a suit for libel only if they could demonstrate " actual malice " on the part of reporters or publishers .
journalist brian williams also reported that in the process of blocking journalists , police even went so far as to threaten reporters with a weapon .
instead , reporters were preoccupied by the continuing revelations about criminal acts during the 1972 presidential election and allegations of cover - ups within the white house .
steven aftergood , director of the project on government secrecy at the federation of american scientists , and an expert on classified information , notes that " ... inquiring into classified government information and disclosing it is something that many national security reporters and policy analysts do , or try to do , every day .
in later years larouche accused nbc or its reporters of various charges .
many reporters and producers have spent some time working on the programme including sue macgregor , kirsty wark , charlie lee - potter , jonathan dimbleby , roger cook , george alagiah , jenny abramsky , roger hearing , sian williams , peter biles , kirsty lang , martin fewell , shelagh fogarty , david jessel , nick ross , ben bradshaw , juliet bremner , susannah simons , pallab ghosh and martha kearney .
the automaker expects to boost their total sales for all vehicles , including the f3dm , to 350,000 cars in 2009 from 170,000 in 2008 , founder and chairman wang chuanfu told reporters in shenzhen dec 15th , 2008 .
ktn reporters doubled as foreign correspondents and news sources for cnn world report , bbc , and voa . transmitting on the uhf channel
its first reporters came from within the ranks of the programme 's own producers , which meant that packages or features were cut from a different cloth than standard news reports .
the next day , ruby goes to the dallas county jail where oswald is being transferred and shoots him in front of everyone present including news reporters and cameramen .
additional staff writers and reporters include : mark gilger , rob " kaiser " wheary , rachel carta and justin " straw - dawg " strawser .
william little ( rockwell automation chief technical officer ) quoted to reporters ,
she sarcastically told reporters outside her home " i 've won all the prizes in europe , every bloody one , so i 'm delighted to win them all .
environment minister sergio marchi told reporters " mr. gervais , on behalf of the liberal party of canada , should wear [ the charges against him ] like a badge of honor , " and " i think it 's a crock and they should stop nickelling and diming canadians ' sense of patriotism to death . " two years later , the quebec superior court dismissed the charges , stating that the infractions took place outside of quebec , and did not break any laws under the quebec electoral act .
in its 2004 annual worldwide press freedom index covering 165 countries , reporters
the " cbs news weekend roundup " is based on the early cbs radio format of reporters discussing the issues from different points of the world or nation .
hull , who considered moving to the wha as part of a negotiation tactic with the chicago black hawks , had jokingly told reporters that he would only move to the wha for a million dollars , at that time a ridiculous amount of money for a hockey player .
longstanding crikey political commentators / reporters include former liberal insider christian kerr ( who originally wrote under the pseudonym ' hillary bray ' ) and hugo kelly .
the only exceptions being pam & dan , spoofs of bbc news 24 sports reporters .
yale paleontologist john ostrom , who reintroduced the theory of bird evolution from dinosaurs after his 1964 discovery of " deinonychus " in wyoming , agreed , calling the specimen a " jewel " , and telling reporters that the completeness and undistorted qualities of the bones should help scientists further understand the dinosaur - bird link .
conversations on these tapes brought to light how pellicano would approach celebrities and their representatives with tips from reporters , and then offer to have the stories killed in exchange for payment .
the award was formerly voted on by the professional soccer reporters association ( psra ) .
commentators & reporters .
" new york times " reporters neil lewis and david stout estimated subsequently that libby 's prison sentence could begin within " two months " , explaining that judge walton ’s decision means that the defense lawyers will probably ask a federal appeals court to block the sentence , a long - shot move .
a friend of hayashi 's described the scene to reporters , " yumika was lying in her bed and the three people who found her thought she was sleeping .
the mets brought champagne with them to philadelphia and before the series , mets manager davey johnson told reporters , " it will be nice to clinch in philadelphia .
the lang legacy continues with two of his grand children , manuèle ( born 1974 ) and philippe - alexandre ( born 1978 ) also working on the world cup tour and cycling as reporters and cameraman .
when germany declared war on the united states in december , 1941 , best was arrested along with other u.s. reporters for deportation , but best was allowed to remain in vienna with his fiancee erna maurer , an austrian reporter for the associated press in vienna .
on march 2 , 1938 , the day after the flight 's disappearance , transcontinental & western air headquarters told reporters that it had received a message purporting to be from the united airlines offices in fresno claiming that the missing aircraft had been found .
i did n't know then that i was n't supposed to touch the idol , " she told reporters .
other on - air reporters and weekend anchors at the time included joni earle , monica gayle , kyle safely , and david smock .
" telquel " has been repeatedly subjected to harassment and pressures from the moroccan government , according to press freedom watchdogs such as reporters without borders ( rsf ) .
in 2007 , the " tribune " began a partnership with kqds - tv with the " tribunes reporters making appearances on fox 21 news at 9 , and meteorologist karl spring having a much less popular weather blog ( or weblog ) in the top left corner of the weather section of the paper .
once the firing died down , he received first aid from vg photographer harald henden , " aftenposten " reporter tor arne andreassen , and other unnamed reporters from " verdens gang " and tv2 .
after the speech was delivered , romney 's advisors told reporters , off the record , that romney had said that through this speech he wanted to address his " comma problem " : the common practice to put next to his name in media reports , " ( comma ) " who is a mormon ( comma ) . "
although able to talk to reporters effectively outside of the realm of press briefings , annabeth found herself frightened to be in the formal press briefing setting .
local newspaper reporters overly exaggerate the dance as being sadistic and rebellious in nature .
the national association of probation officers ( napo ) is the trade union that represents probation officers and children and family court advisory and support service reporters in the united kingdom .
the judges were not allowed access to the newspaper 's offices , and reporters without borders ( rsf ) protested against the search
news reporters were also personified with latex puppets .
on august 14 they attacked the district and al - shabaab spokesman : sheikh ali " dheere " mohamud told reporters in mogadishu that al shabaab seized control of the district .
benjamin later told boston globe reporters , " no one disputes that there have been contacts over the years .
in 2001 the team joining more reporters . the program began to broadcast 24 hours a day in the year 2003 .
we coached scared , " he told reporters following the marlins ' 5–3 loss at turner field .
on may 12 , 2009 , he broke a long silence to speak out on espn against " , a book by four new york " daily news " investigative reporters that claims clemens used performance - enhancing drugs during his career .
" game of shadows : barry bonds , balco , and the steroids scandal that rocked professional sports " is a bestselling non - fiction book published on march 23 , 2006 and written by mark fainaru - wada and lance williams , reporters for the " san francisco chronicle " .
reporters without borders said .
reporters and defenders of human rights are harassed and intimidated by the authorities .
not only was wilson able to cast his vote in a firm voice , but he even held a brief press conference during the late - night session in which he jokingly asked reporters , " what are you all doing up this late ? "
as claire answers the phone , she tells her children that will give up her plan to flee to italy , so she walks out of the elevator and reveal her identity to the reporters and photographers in the hallway as she enters bradford 's room .
anthony and the trinity foundation were instrumental in providing evidence for the many state and federal investigations of tilton in the years that followed , and he is often interviewed by reporters in preparations for stories on other televangelists .
in 2008 , burma ranked 170th of 172 nations in the 2008 reporters without borders worldwide press freedom index .
tyler survived the massacre of ' 96 , where a large number of anchors , reporters , sports and weather people were fired .
the plots of each episode feature her , shaggy rogers , scooby - doo , and scrappy - doo solved supernatural mysteries under the cover of being reporters for a teen magazine .
in november 2006 niels lunde and two of the reporters of the newspaper were charged by the danish prosecutor with disclosing information from the danish defence intelligence service on the iraq - war .
bond instructs pearlman to stage a deposition for davis himself and in order to mark davis as his target stages a photo opportunity for reporters as davis leaves the courthouse .
he is a published novelist , an award - winning documentary filmmaker , and served as a consulting editor at national public radio in washington , d.c. teaching narrative techniques to reporters , producers and editors on the science desk .
it took some moments for the gathered crowd of reporters to realize who had just walked in the door , but when it was revealed pandemonium erupted .
one of the earliest reporters on atv today was john swallow , a journalist who brought his own individual style of reporting events in the midlands to television screens .
at one point an anonymous tip led " examiner " reporters to the greyhound bus station in downtown los angeles , where a steamer trunk owned by short was discovered .
she arrived in boston in her early 20s and met up with writers and reporters who encouraged her to pursue a career in advertising .
in february 2004 , the ngo reporters without borders , after undertaking their own investigation ( see ” links “ ) , called for the reopening of the enquiry into the incident of 8 april 2003 .
one of his more famous quotes during his unsuccessful tenure with the lions was when he once wondered aloud to reporters after a loss , ' what does a coach have to do around here to get fired ? ' .
she meets the reporters on jersey ( " geraldine " ) .
when not filming on the road , she researched and wrote stories not only for herself but for other tw reporters .
she answered the reporters ' questions and was quick - witted when a male runner from chalandri teased her , predicting that when she entered the stadium , there would be no crowds left .
but exactly who was killed at chenagai remains unclear as paramilitary troops prevented reporters from travelling to the area .
mike patrick called the game along with doris burke and reporters holly rowe and mark jones .
medill graduate students work as beat reporters in medill newsrooms in chicago and washington , d.c.
its proceedings , including some suppressed in the official records , are preserved in the notes of one of the official court reporters , gabriel nicolas de la reynie .
reporters at the time recognised that his order echoed that of général joffre to the commanders of the french armies in september , 1914 , at the outbreak of the first battle of the marne : " the hour has come to advance at all costs , and to die where you stand rather than give way . "
access is rare and limited ; reporters without borders once described the nation as " the world ’s worst internet black hole " as " internet officially does not exist in the world ’s most isolated country , but a handful of privileged people are allowed to go online through the phone system ( which is routed through china ) or via satellite . "
the job has lost much of its importance due to technology that allows reporters to write and transmit articles from the field .
