for " variety " and " new york times " , film reviews continued after the dates of the last reprints .
they are large size reprints of four players original topps rookie cards .
some modules were reprints or revisions of modules used at gaming conventions before being published .
the reprints were lithographed ( instead of typographed as were the 1934 printings ) on a thin paper , roughly perforated .
checker book publishing group is an independent publisher of comics reprints , from newspaper strips to modern out - of - print titles and collections from defunct publishers .
" they had a large inventory of stories and continued with that and reprints .
this can still be seen in reprints of the 1611 edition of the king james version of the bible in places such as romans 15:29 , or in the mayflower compact .
in 1877 " stillfried & andersen " purchased the studio and stock of felice beato and in the same year or shortly thereafter published " views and costumes of japan " , which included photographs by beato and stillfried , as well as reprints of some of beato 's works .
the selected stories tend to be reprints of previously published works , and some are decades old .
the magic bon bons " was the most popular of the tales , judging by number of reprints .
following the success of these reprints , dracula returned in three new four - issue mini - series . "
similarly , the romanian diaspora was instrumental in preserving his legacy , beginning with 1950 reprints of his works in various exile magazines .
since then " a canticle for leibowitz " has had new editions and reprints issued in paperback and hardcover more than 40 times , and has never been out of print .
marvel comics reprints of 1950s atlas comics stories .
small paintings , reprints and flyers .
reprints .
the fraternity reprints 9 of bj plamer 's original books that can be found at dscbooks.com
picking up where eclipse left off , each of these volumes reprints 2 years of sunday strips .
currently reprints of merrie menagerie are a regular feature of " disney newsreel " , a bi - weekly magazine for disney employees in southern california .
so the lack of reliable supplies was supplemented by a variety of black and white reprints of marvel 's 1950s monster comics , fawcett 's captain marvel , and some other characters such as sheena , mandrake the magician , the phantom etc .
the title reprints the 2009 max series and the digital " astonishing tales : dominic fortune " .
s # ( star books paperback reprints , 1978 ) ,
during 1963 , lowndes continued his interest in horror by initiating " the magazine of horror " ( 1963 - 1971 ) for health knowledge inc. , which mixed reprints with new stories .
he has since returned in reprints .
tel - aviv : ramot , tel - aviv university , 1993 and reprints .
since 1972 , reprints have included a foreword by asimov explaining that advancing knowledge of conditions on venus have rendered the novel 's descriptions of that world inaccurate .
it was briefly revived through reprints in 1955 , and all six issues were reprinted in a hardcover edition by marvel comics in 1991 with an introduction by jim simon .
in the mid-1990s , in an advertising circular intended to help sell lithographic reprints of the famous album cover , he explained his thinking behind the image .
the second expansion , " ticket to ride : usa 1910 " , contains large format reprints of all the cards from the original deck , including 4 routes with revised point values .
it featured reprints of several cursitor doom , tim kelly , janus stark and dolmann stories , as well as newly written articles exploring the history of these characters ' comics .
alexander montgomerie 's " the cherrie and the slae " in 1700 , shortly over a decade later an edition of poems by sir david lindsay , nine printings of allan ramsay 's " the gentle shepherd " between 1743 and 1793 , and an edition of robert burns ' poetry in 1787 , the same year as the edinburgh edition , followed by reprints in 1789 , 1793 and 1800 .
octopus dragon , harigorasu , and ukon are all kaijū from the infamous " roots island " two - part story from the original manga that does not appear in recent reprints .
” living celebrities will appear in the index when there are obituaries for their spouses and relatives ; for example , bob hope died after the reprints were discontinued , but immediately beneath his indexed name are the obituaries of nine of his relatives , as well as his masseur and his business agent .
the trust was used to fund reprints of her book in 1994 and in 2002 through the ala .
this prayer - book had five reprints in the following years and it has been used since by slovenian catholic families in prekmurje .
reprints of joseph campbell 's " the hero with a thousand faces " ( which influenced lucas as he was developing the films ) issued after the release of " star wars " in 1977 , used the image of hamill as luke skywalker on the cover .
the 1992 bantam edition reprints the typewritten title page of rex stout 's 1952 manuscript , showing that the book 's original title was " dare - base .
there were many reprints of this collection , which formed the standard edition till 1881 , when it was superseded by ab grosart 's privately printed edition in two volumes , for the chertsey worthies library .
in some cases this leads critics to prefer the earlier , unrevised versions of some works because the older style is thought to be closer to the original conception and spirit of the work , " daisy miller " being a case in point : most of the current reprints of this novel contain the unrevised text .
reprints .
the second series of reprints , issued alongside the " goosebumps horrorland " series .
reprints .
press proofs will be used as the primary source for these reprints so the strip will look better than when it was originally printed .
reprints .
reprints .
it came in two volumes and contained 33 individual maps.<ref name="loc permalink/05032510 " > the next published version came in 1900 from the same press , also in two volumes , and included an introduction by field marshal viscount wolseley.<ref name="loc permalink/05032511 " > two exact reprints of the original would follow in 1911<ref name="loc permalink/14003173 " > and 1919<ref name="loc permalink/22000739 " > ( after henderson 's death in 1903 ) , both also by the same publisher .
the " afte journal " , the quarterly , peer - reviewed publication of the organization , contains scholarly articles , case reports , technical reports and occasional reprints .
reprints of rand 's articles also appeared in " the romantic manifesto " , " the new left " ( later revised as " return of the primitive " ) , ' , and " the voice of reason " .
he wrote numerous pieces for the bromeliad journal international which can be found in their archives with an examples frequently seen in reprints even today .
and in the subsequent reprints ( as well as later editions ) little or no traces of " yrkesnivåer " remain .
he began his work as a shakespearean editor with reprints of the quarto editions of shakespeare 's plays , entitled " twenty of the plays of shakespeare ... " ( 1766 ) .
trevor metcalfe drew a few strips in 2003 and 2004 , and there have also been some robert nixon reprints during 2005 and 2006 .
reprints .
journals and reprints .
4-sheet reprints , mainly in colour , alongside the maps in 1 : 25,000 were also published .
aside from a weekly roundup of reprints of editorial cartoons from other newspapers , " the times " does not have its own staff editorial cartoonist , nor does it feature a comics page or sunday comics section .
the first trade paperback , entitled " on the ground " , reprints the first five issues of the series ; so far seven trade paperbacks have been released .
the novel remains a favorite in many reprints .
usf suspended sheldon n. grebstein , assistant professor of english , after the committee denounced him for handing out " indecent " reprints of literary criticism aimed at beat writers .
the great edition , of which the text and apparatus appeared in 1869 and 1872 , was called by himself " editio viii " ; but this number is raised to twenty or twenty - one , if mere reprints from stereotype plates and the minor editions of his great critical texts are included ; posthumous prints bring the total to forty - one .
within a month , reprints were ordered , and another ten thousand copies were printed at year 's end .
where shown below isbn numbers are usually from reprints often published by another company at a later time .
his work continued on at charlton as reprints through at least 1986 .
not just a publisher of reprints , much original work was also published by pickering : from 1828 he became the samuel taylor coleridge 's publisher , as well as bringing out the first edition in ordinary typography of willam blake 's " songs of innocence and of experience " .
facsimile reprints of volume 1 to 4 were published by eureka press , japan , in 2006 .
many of these may actually be reprints of the work of other photographers .
the corporation 's name may still be seen in reprints of ' and " splinter of the mind 's eye " as the copyrights has not expired or been renewed .
in 1985 , blackthorne publishing released some black and white reprints of early issues of national comics , including merlin the magician 's appearances .
in 2009 , image comics imprint shadowline will commence reprints of the " platinum grit " graphic novels .
holland was the model for artist james bama 's illustrations of the character doc savage used on the covers of the paperback reprints of the 1960s .
among the tanners ' reprints were original versions of early mormon writings and scripture in which they highlighted doctrinal changes , such as the rejection of brigham young 's " adam - god theory " .
applewood books reprints .
the comics anthology included reprints of " spider - man " stories and an original series of " zoids " tales .
in some story reprints , cheryl ’s hair was re - colored and the text was changed to have her be replaced by ginger in the story .
however when " valiant " merged with " battle picture weekly " , the strip transferred to " vulcan " , from 1975 , in a series of reprints .
these mini pocket books are smaller ( a6-sized rather than a5-sized ) but have slightly more pages , and consist almost exclusively of reprints of stories in previously appeared full - size pocket books , rather than all - new material .
reprints .
recent reprints of the book have been published by the british publishers , penguin books , via their puffin imprint ; indeed , the book first appeared as a puffin as far back as 1942 , only one year after the very first puffin books appeared .
his books are chiefly devotional , and went through many editions down to 1730 ; some reprints appeared from 1846 .
since then they have only brought out reprints of their earlier stories with new covers and formats .
in later reprints , these early issues were published in all - color .
reprints .
the first comic books were anthologies featuring reprints of newspaper comic strips .
russ cochran and ec comics reprints .
the magazine had increased to 32 pages , and a cheaper version was created as well : " chez nous " ( in french ) / " ons volkske " ( in dutch ) , printed on cheaper paper and featuring mainly reprints from " tintin " magazine , plus some new series by tibet and studio vandersteen .
it also publishes low cost reprints of foreign titles .
mitchell map is the common name used to refer to a map made by john mitchell and all the various reprints made during the late 18th century .
larson also reprints a letter from an entomologist proposing to name a newly discovered species of chewing lice after larson , " strigiphilus garylarsoni " .
reprints .
a growing file of faculty publications contains journal articles , reprints , and books .
his name is associated particularly with the series of " english reprints " ( 1868 - 1880 ) , by which an accurate text of the works of many english authors , formerly only accessible in more expensive editions , was placed within reach of the general public .
in 1975 he began publishing the newsletter , " the survivor " , which combined saxon 's articles with reprints of articles on 19th century technology of interest to the survivalist movement . "
dialogue and/or images were also changed occasionally to remove snags in continuity caused by the lack of synchronisation between reprints of different storylines .
the title ran through reprints and translations mostly thanks to the preface huet had offered .
the textbook , " tom smith 's cricket umpiring and scoring " , has had multiple reprints and has been entirely rewritten to create the 2000 code laws of cricket .
it was first published in 1948 , and was followed by a number of reprints and translations .
gradually , the american comics and reprints were replaced by new , european productions , and by the 50s , nearly all the content was made especially for the magazine .
most of the stories these periodicals contained were reprints , but a few were originals .
several danish newspapers , including " jyllands - posten " , reprints one of the cartoons as a response to the news of the arrest made the day before .
after this point it switches to reprints of the u.s. material .
complaints concern the quality of these reprints .
hasbro has since released reprints of some issues with some of their action figures .
the first three issues are re - reprintings of " li'l abner " strips that united feature had published in the omnibus comic - book " tip top " # 112 - 114 ( nov. 1946 - jan. 1947 ) , while the four issue reprints toby 's own " l'il abner " # 73 the contents of the fourth issue are uncertain .
reprints .
reprints appeared in " popular comics " , and whitman published a better little book , " harold teen in swinging at the sugar bowl " ( 1939 ) .
the 2006 omnibus , " rihannsu : the bloodwing voyages " ( isbn 1 - 416 - 52577 - 7 ) , reprints the first four rihannsu novels , with minor timeline and character rank tweaks for consistency with other novels .
they have published well over 100 titles , with multiple books undergoing reprints due to sustained popularity .
the book collects fourteen novelettes , short stories and poems by various fantasy authors , including both new works by various fantasy authors and reprints from authors associated with the original " weird tales " , together with an editorial and introductory notes to the individual pieces by the editor .
the date of the first edition is unknown , but the second edition appeared in the year 1491 and was followed by later reprints in 1509 , 1545 , 1560 and 1590 .
len miller had been publishing black & white reprints of the series , along with other fawcett titles , in the u.k. , and rather than stopping he turned to comic writer mick anglo for help continuing ( or replacing ) the comic .
published separately from these reprints , " an index to short subjects listed in harrison ’s reports 1926 - 1962 " by gerald jones ( self - published november 2004 ) is a complete alphabetical index of all the shorts and cartoons listed in the many separate indexes .
these and other editions are available as modern facsimile reprints .
early comic books with police themes tended to be reprints of syndicated newspaper strips like " tracy " and " drake " .
nal 's productions were not limited to softbound reprints .
the annuals mainly feature reprints from around 14–15 years ago from the cover date of dennis the menace , gnasher and gnipper and formerly gnasher 's tale and rasher strips in the beano , although there is some new material .
aeg worked diligently to get a base set into print and spent a great deal of capital to create the " boot hill " set , which was unfortunately a set of reprints and only 9 new cards with the remaining outfits getting their own " clan " weapon that had identical mechanics .
orb books specialises in trade paperback reprints of science fiction and fantasy works of special merit which are unavailable in mass market paperback .
it is still seen in reprints of old books like the " bodu tartheebu , " and it is used by the people of addu atoll when writing songs or poetry in their dialect .
the officina bodoni printed and published some 200 books and pamphlets , including reprints of a number of early treatises on the book arts , notably on letter - forms and calligraphy , as well as literary and bibliographical works of all sorts , often commissioned by other publishers and institutions .
after a dispute with springer , grothendieck refused the permission for reprints of the series .
jensen was denied reprints of his work by his publisher and was not permitted to reply in response to letters of criticism — both extremely unusual policies for their day .
in 1909 a. h. cobb visited teachers and booksellers in shanghai , and found that the main competition there was cheap books from america , often straight reprints of british books ..
the current artist is barry glennard , although some reprints have appeared in 2009 .
reprints .
herman h.j. lynge ( sæbyeske boghandling ) ” and a few years later merely “ herman h.j. lynge ” , had a stock of antiquarian books amounting to 80,000 volumes among which were “ many ancient prints , rarities , beautiful reprints , magnificent copies etc . ”
in the 1950s , a small british publisher , l. miller and son , published a number of black and white reprints of american comic books , including the captain marvel series .
today , reprints of early underground comix continue to sell alongside modern underground publications .
first published in 1943 , it has since then run to several reprints and , together with works by noted hispanists such as paul preston , raymond carr and hugh thomas , " the spanish labyrinth " is background reading for studies of spain and its history .
his 1980 article on theistic values was ground - breaking in the field and elicited over 1,000 responses and requests for reprints .
volumes 1 through 14 are facsimile reprints of the more than 2,000 weekly issues .
the first volume , published september 2007 , reprints strips from october 1934 through the end of 1936 .
dundrennan also issued in limited editions reprints of works by geoffrey mynshull , john bellenden , marlowe , bishop hall , and thomas carew , and prepared for publication ‘
in the same way that the " dc archive editions " are dc comics ' equivalent of " marvel masterworks " , " showcase presents " is their equivalent of the essential line of reprints .
after a vote in 2006 , the three bears re - appeared as reprints of the 1990s david parkins strips .
first edition printings had several errors , which were fixed in subsequent reprints .
reprints have been printed since 1998 .
like most comics professionals of this time , bernstein went largely uncredited , often receiving credit belatedly in modern - day reprints of his work .
reprints of the first three volumes are usually based on chao 's reproduction .
political development and democratization in the republic of china , occasional papers / reprints series in contemporary asian studies , no . 5 - 1984 ( 64 ) , isbn 0 - 942182 - 66 - 9
greek and russian editions were expected in the course of 2007 , and in its turkish edition ( rüyadan i̇mparatorluğa : osmanlı ) the book has seen three reprints in as many months .
in 1906 dutton struck what proved to be a significant deal with the english publishing company of " j. m. dent " to be the american distributor of the " everyman 's library " series of classic literature reprints .
the may 7 issue displayed a memorable cover illustration by famed maskmaker władysław t. benda , and his was repeated by many other illustrators in subsequent adaptations and reprints .
regular monthly features include " the popes speak , " reprints of encyclicals and other papal documents .
his first book , " modern coin manipulation " , was published in 1900 and is still issued in reprints today .
several reprints of the book have been issued since the author 's death ; and in 1671 a french translation by james dymocke appeared with the title of " le vice ridicule " .
this collection , which runs to 101 volumes , contains reprints of the collected works of john calvin , philip melanchthon , and huldrych zwingli , three of the leading protestant reformers .
there have been multiple reprints , in various formats , including movie tie in editions .
shortages of the book had to be kept down by multiple reprints .
the revamped " smash " contained a mixture of new british strips , which were mostly either humorous or sports oriented , together with reprints from " lion " such as ' eric the viking ' ( formerly ' karl the viking ' ) : but strictly no superhero strips .
he was the editor and publisher of " the friend " , a monthly newspaper for seamen which included news from both american and english newspapers as well as announcements of upcoming events , reprints of sermons , poetry , local news , editorials , ship arrivals and departures and a listing of marriages and deaths .
gotera 's blog also features reprints from his 2004 book - review column in the " cedar falls times , " titled " of books and such .
despite of few reprints , her graphics works was well noticed and is approved as a distinctive element in the art from colors .
reprints of film reviews .
reprints the original gn published in europe as magical mystery moore vol . 1 .
most of these illustrations are reprints from book covers , which explains why they sometimes do not exactly fit with each other .
in 1997–1998 , acclaim books , the successor to valiant comics , published a series of recolored reprints in a digest - size format with accompanying study notes by literary scholars .
the reprints were generally in serial order , with occasional skips ; missing , for instance , are " the fantastic four " # 5 - 6 , already reprinted in " fantastic four annual " # 2 - 3 ( 1964–1965 ) ; # 11 , already partly reprinted in the latter ; # 12 , never reprinted at the time ; # 19 , reprinted in heavily edited form in the 1967 promotional one - shot " america 's best tv comics " ; and # 25 - 26 , reprinted in " fantastic four annual " # 4 ( 1966 ) .
in a curious and unlikely pairing , the david mckay company published a book which brought together reprints of both " grandma " strips and " mandrake the magician " strips .
cbs interactive business solutions reprints a review of an excellent mystery written by linda bridges , originally published in " national review " 5 december 1986 .
as first ceased conventional comic book publishing at that point , several stories completed under ostrander 's new guidelines were released as a second annual , which also included a reprint of the turtles episode ( the first had been mostly reprints ) .
this textbook underwent four reprints during subsequent years .
reprints including joe simon and jack kirby stories from " adventures of the fly " # 1 - 2 ( aug - sept .
these reprints are notable for giving sole credit to walter gibson as the author , rather than using the maxwell grant pseudonym on the cover .
reprints of the series in digest size trade paperbacks sold well .
in the late 2000s , he provided new , alternate covers to idw publishing 's reprints of his marvel uk " doctor who " comics .
the first group of reprints came from gladstone publishing in 1990 , which reprinted various issues of the three horror comics , the sci - fi comics and " crime suspenstories " in 64-page issues .
since 1971 , reprints have included an introduction by asimov explaining that advancing knowledge of conditions on mars have rendered some of the novel 's descriptions of that world inaccurate .
similarly , the re - recorded album " tubular bells 2003 " reprints the original warning with the word " still " ( in italics ) added .
reprints & new stories .
reprints of the imperfect 1922 first edition are now widely available , largely due to a temporary ( but since revived ) copyright expiration .
reprints .
in 1999 volgin and his wife elena founded adamant media corporation , one of the world 's largest publishers of old and rare book reprints , with over 60,000 titles in many languages .
the book features a story synopsis for each film , the authors ' opinion of its quality , and reprints a selection of contemporary reviews of the films .
this run of reprints continued for the next year ( including a few early trevor metcalfe and vic neill strips along the way ) until the comic 's 70th anniversary issue , when barrie appleby returned to provide a new strip ( this time drawn in his own style , as opposed to his 80 's work which followed malcolm judge 's style ) .
his other artwork for comic books includes the light - humor military title " canteen kate " , as well as stories in the suspense anthology " tales of the mysterious traveler " ; the comedic - adventure feature " sky girl " in fiction house 's " jumbo comics " , with originals and later reprints running from # 69 - 139 ( nov. 1944 - dec. 1952 ) ; the jungle adventure " tiger girl " ; " flamingo " , " south sea girl " , " glory forbes " , " kayo kirby " ; and " risks unlimited " .
in 2004 , the entire series of ten strips and a supplement of reprints of turn - of - the - century comics such as " the katzenjammer kids " and " the yellow kid " were collected and published together as a book by viking books . "
a carnival of comics " featured reprints of " reg'lar fellers " , " dixie dugan " , " joe palooka " , " the nebbs " , " keeping up with the joneses " , " somebody 's stenog " and " hairbreadth harry " .
for example , the galway – clifden railway is described as being operational when it clearly was n't by the time green and its reprints were issued .
the french publisher " editions de l'an 2 " continued the reprints started by kitchen sink and remco in 2005 in french , and this edition was nominated for the 2006 prize for inheritance at the angoulême international comics festival .
dark horse comics has recently been doing some reprints of their original comic book properties , which are owned by random house .
with most of the readers unaware that these were reprints , this gave the impression that they were brand new .
meredith intended the book to be a popular success , but the roll - call of reprints shows it to have been so only during meredith 's late - victorian and edwardian heyday , his highly - wrought style proving an obstacle for some readers .
this includes reprinting all the herbie stories in three volumes , and single - volume reprints of nemesis and magicman .
this contained a history and reprints from the first 30 years of the strip 's life .
reprints .
she also compiled the collected reprints of the institution from 1959 to 1975 , and compiled the oceanographic index , 1971 - 1976 .
the book , co - authored with warren weaver , " the mathematical theory of communication " , reprints shannon 's 1948 article and weaver 's popularization of it , which is accessible to the non - specialist .
jacques besson ( 1540 ? - 1573 ) was a french protestant inventor , mathematician , and philosopher , chiefly remembered for his popular treatise on machines " theatrum instrumentorum " ( 1571 - 72 ) , which saw many reprints in different languages .
these original stories were mostly restricted to the first 20 issues of the title , before tailing off to make way for u.s. reprints , with the " black knight " strip running through most further issues until the title 's cancellation .
the same work notes the exclusion of marine mammals such as whales from the volumes , but reprints a manuscript by charles coxen on the dugong .
the strip 's final comic - book reprints were " headline comics " mickey finn " ( vol . 3 , # 1 - 2 ) in 1952 .
notable later reprints include its appearance as volume 15 of " the oxford thackeray " in 1908 with an introduction by george saintsbury , and the 1911 everyman 's library edition in two volumes .
the second series also featured reprints from other marvel westerns of the 1950s .
the dc run consisted entirely of strip reprints .
nyoka appeared in ac comics " the further adventures of nyoka the jungle girl " ; there were five issues printed between 1988 and 1989 , consisting mostly of reprints and movie stills .
reprints .
however , goyō reprints are currently on the market .
both papers were translated into several languages , and he continued to receive requests for reprints for a decade or more afterwards .
judging by the number of reprints , " hamlet " appears to have been shakespeare 's fourth most popular play during his lifetime — only " henry iv part 1 " , " richard iii " and " pericles " eclipsed it .
reprints .
founded by elliot a. caplin , brother of cartoonist al capp and himself an established comic - strip writer , the company published reprints of capp 's " li'l abner " strip , licensed - character comics starring such film and animated cartoon properties as john wayne and felix the cat , and original conceptions , including romance , ear , western , and adventure comics .
the first , very successful edition was followed by several reprints , the last in year 2000 ( isbn 80 - 7214 - 365 - 4 ) .
color reprints are also available for the first four collections , have been announced for the entire run of trade paperbacks and will replace the current black and white pressings when the print run is sold .
typically , photoplay editions were reprints of novels additionally illustrated with scenes from a film production .
a typical production year includes 24 - 30 trade paperback releases as well as reprints of classic titles .
phonebook”-sized reprints of the " next men " series sometime in 2008 , with the first collection released in may 2008 .
reprints and uk editions have different cover artwork , for example an armoured portrait of morgaine by john higgins for the 1989 methuen mandarin omnibus edition of " the chronicles of morgaine " .
unlike other collector 's editions that panini comics publishes , " essential x - men " rarely reprints the classic stories .
( the pinis later sued fellow publisher starblaze graphics for publishing " elfquest " reprints , as well as attempting to re - secure the rights to the " a distant soil " series .
by may 1844 , poe reported that it had circulated 300,000 copies , though he was likely not paid for these reprints .
in addition to the magazine , other literature is published by the cmpa , including edited reprints of articles already published in " the christadelphian " ; for example : -
it was also printed in " reprints of rare tracts " , vol .
various edits and reprints do not number them consistently ; by bernoulli , i to xcvii , with some marked as xciib , etc . , originally cxxxvi - ccxxxii ) .
founded and edited by writer barry gifford , black lizard released over ninety books between 1984 and 1990 , including reprints of classic novels by charles willeford , david goodis , peter rabe , harry whittington , dan j. marlowe , charles williams , and lionel white , as well as original novels by barry gifford and jim nisbet .
because markey was part owner of the columbia comics group ( " skyman " , " the face " ) , reprints of " sparky watts " turned up in columbia 's " big shot comics " , which featured other strips distributed by either markey or the mcnaught syndicate ( which distributed " mickey finn " and " toonerville folks " ) . "
it featured captain britain stories by alan moore and alan davis , as well as new night raven text stories and reprints of frank miller 's " daredevil " stories .
among the various genres for which he wrote comic book scripts , most were of the outdoor adventure variety , particularly westerns , including red ryder comics ( for which he wrote " little beaver " text pages , " the fighting yanks " wwii feature , and , particularly , the " kyotee kids " western series , 31 scripts , the first being sent to his editor 12/23/1946 , the last being sent 3/19/1949 , that ran from about issue # 43 ending with # 72 ; du bois had previously been one of the ghost - writers for the " red ryder " newspaper comic strip drawn by fred harman ; before its format change to all - new red ryder material , " red ryder comics " featured red ryder newspaper strip reprints ) , " gene autry comics " , " roy rogers comics " ( 1944 - 1956 , 1959 - 1960 , all of the first run in the " four color comics " series , and , under its own numbering , " roy rogers comics " # 1 through about # 108 , and approximately # 134 through # 143 ) , zane grey 's " king of the royal mounted " ( du bois had previously been one of the ghost - writers for the " king of the royal mounted " newspaper comic strip drawn by illustrator jim gary ) , " sergeant preston of the yukon " , bat masterson ( adapting " bat masterson ( tv series ) " ) , " tales of wells fargo " / " man from wells fargo " , ' , " the rebel " , " bonanza " and " hotel de paree " " sundance " .
doctor thirteen , dropped along with the reprints , was given a back - up series here as of # 12 , march - april 1971 , which morphed into " the spawn of frankenstein " in # 23 , january - february 1973 .
editions or reprints were published in 1925 , 1933 , 1945 , 1948 , 1970 , 1974 and 1994 .
he wrote an introduction to the trade paperback " batman : riddler two - face " which reprints various stories involving the riddler and two - face to tie in with " batman forever " .
his most popular collection of poems " mysooru mallige " has seen more than twenty reprints and sought as an ideal gift at a wedding to the newly married couple in karnataka .
they were all by rudyard kipling , and consisted mainly of reprints of stories that had already appeared in various of the periodicals for which he was already writing in india .
this title reprints avengers or avengers related comics .
the company purchased l. miller & son 's holdings in 1963 , and continued to produce black & white reprints until 1989 .
editions and reprints .
with issue 186 , the series took on a larger monthly format , still in reprints , until the end of the run .
when that title ceased publication in 1942 , " don winslow " reprints begin running in " popular comics " , again with other strip favorites of the era .
as well as marvel uk reprints , panini comics reprint many of marvel 's titles .
a best - seller of all persian novels , it has undergone at least sixteen reprints .
in his best - known book , " the commercial revolution of the middle ages " ( 1971 , with numerous reprints ) , lopez argued that the key contribution of the medieval period to european history was the creation of a commercial economy , centered at first in the italo - byzantine eastern mediterranean , but eventually extending to the italian city - states and over the rest of europe .
most of these reprints omit hay 's 1803 introduction and appendix , as well as his large fold - out map of co. wexford .
the institute also publishes the " claremont review of books " , a quarterly journal of political thought and statesmanship , as well as other books and publications , including reprints of jaffa 's works .
it also inspired the earl of bridgewater to commission the " bridgewater treatises " and the society for the promotion of christian knowledge to issue cheap reprints for the rising middle class .
" fisher 's ghost " reprints 10 of the 13 stories of botany bay .
pending any future reprints , this makes " pieces of modesty " one of the harder - to - find modesty blaise books .
" the man who falls " was reprinted in the " batman begins " tie - in graphic novel , which also included the film adaptation and reprints of other , more recent , batman stories .
the 1891 reprints show that this error was already known .
there is some hope that dc may include the story in future reprints of veitch 's run ( which started with the " regenesis " trade paperback ) .
first published in 1970 , the piv has undergone two reprints to date and is considered by many to be something of a standard for esperanto , thanks mainly to its unchallenged scope—15,200 words and 39,400 lexical units .
it was first published by citadel twilight in 1991 and reprints volume iv of " the collected stories of philip k. dick " .
some early issues were reprinted in the 1980s ; the reprints are hard to distinguish from the originals , but information is available on the web describing the differences .
it included series such as the challis shakespeare , australian literary reprints , and journals such as journal of industrial relations , mankind , australian economic history review , abacus , and pathology .
in 1998 , these were replaced by the fun size beano , which still runs today , although they became reprints in 2006 .
unlike " time spiral " , the timeshifted cards are not direct reprints of older magic cards but rather are cards that may appear in future sets .
more recent reprints of the " billabong " series have been edited to remove controversial material .
note that some reprints of these titles ( especially paperback editions ) may cut one or two stories from the line - up .
in the 1980s or so , roger broughton obtained the rights to the acg materials from fred iger , and started doing reprints of herbie and other characters under his avalon / sword - in - the - stone / a+/acg / charlton imprint .
in 1906 , dutton made a deal with english publishing company j. m. dent to be the american distributor of the everyman 's library series of classic literature reprints .
comic strip historian bill blackbeard recently edited a series of strip reprints for spec productions .
virtually all of the images appear to be copies of the work of other artists , available from books or other reprints , traced onto blocks .
reprints of erasmus 's latin translation of the new testament were also issued by de keyser .
zubaan , has inherited half the backlist of kali so that reprints of many backlist titles are assured .
the " kangxi dictionary " is available in many forms , from old qing dynasty editions in block printing , to reprints in traditional chinese bookbinding , to modern revised editions with essays in western - style hardcover , to the digitized internet version .
however , as the images were relatively faded and ill defined , gardner tasked harold snelling to produce some better reprints that were then made in enough numbers to satisfy the public as interest in the photographs accelerated .
as a result , the church of christ ( temple lot ) prefers to use reprints of the book of commandments text .
