several , including saavedra , did not present , those that did said not only they could not support the government but neither themselves , and if they tried to repress the demonstrations they would be disobeyed .
there they serve as transcription factors when bound to their ligand ; in the absence of ligand many such receptors function as histone deacetylases that repress gene expression .
the more forceful and restrictive the socialization , the more authoritarian a super - ego will result , and the behavioral result of internalizing these restrictive traditional values is at first learning to masochistically deny and repress certain impulses , then later on the continuously pent - up frustration is acted out as sadistically passing on these restrictive values on to others , which in case of the in - group 's intention to inflict in - group values upon a minority out - group as a whole shows as discrimination all over allport 's scale .
this is often when people try to shut it down and repress what they are feeling .
frederick copleston , s.j. portrays neo - stalinism as a " slavophile emphasis on russia and her history " : " what is called neo - stalinism is not exclusively an expression of a desire to control , dominate , repress and dragoon ; it is also the expression of a desire that russia , while making use of western science and technology , should avoid contamination by western ' degenerate ' attitudes and pursue her own path . "
particularly in the early days of the current saudi state , religious authorities were quick to repress music other than the rhythmic percussion that still dominates contemporary saudi music .
after the birth of his " son " , carnage felt too weak to kill his newborn ( due in no small part to his attempt to repress the birth after burying himself ) .
when bound to e2f-3a , prb can directly repress e2f-3a target genes by recruiting chromatin remodeling complexes and histone modifying activities ( e.g. histone deacetylase , hdac ) to the promoter .
sfgl2 works to repress immune response through its fred domain .
during much of the nineteenth century the employment contract was based on the master and servant act of 1823 , designed to discipline employees and repress the ' combination ' of workers in trade unions .
after splitting the labor movement and supporting a central reactionary movement with the full support of the state machinery , the government osores led taught against the direction of the working class in el salvador in an attempt to repress it , albeit less intense than in 1932 .
froude 's travelogue attacked the british west indian colonies for wanting to establish self - government , arguing that if the majority black population were allowed to vote on leaders they would choose leaders that would repress the white population .
similarly , α cells activate genes which produce α-factor and produce a cell surface receptor ( ste3 ) which binds and responds to a - factor , and α cells repress the genes associated with being an a cell .
while rors activate transcription of " bmal1 " , rev - erbs repress the same transcription process .
the ability of alu and b2 rna to bind directly to rnap ii provides a broad mechanism for to repress transcription ( espinoza 2004 ; mariner 2008 ) .
freud believed that many people " repress " painful memories deep into their unconscious mind .
from 1878 , bismarck tried to repress the social democratic movement by outlawing the party 's organization , its assemblies and most of its newspapers .
kings have long arms " , wrote suger , " and it is their duty to repress with all their might , and by right of their office , the daring of those who rend the state by endless war , who rejoice in pillage , and who destroy homesteads and churches . "
magnus ii then violently tried to repress his co - ruling brother francis ii .
fond of observing and analysing the rising tide of patriotism and the government measures to repress them , jadu preferred remaining aloof , confining himself to a couple of close friends .
striking students and theaters did not seem to intimidate a state that was able to repress any sort of demonstration .
the first excuse that ida explains is the “ necessity of the white man to repress and stamp out alleged ‘
infrastructural attacks against palestinian authority targets such as police and prisons was another israeli method to force the palestinian authority to follow israel 's demand that it repress the anti - israeli protests , and later , the attacks on israeli targets , though in so doing israel bombed the police it demanded do its bidding and the prisons to house those the israelis wanted imprisoned .
following the suppression of the communist local governments , the travancore police used heavy - handed methods to repress the political movement in the region and detained many activists without any trial .
practically all the socially powerful characters have violent natures , which often they try to hide or repress .
a " dirty war " was waged all over the continent , culminating with operation condor , an agreement between security services of the southern cone and other south american countries to repress and assassinate political opponents .
the united states was divided ; merchants wanted to continue trade while southern slave owners wanted to isolate or even repress the new haitians .
members of rebel groups are named as suspected of participating in a joint criminal enterprise to commit international crimes , and as possibly responsible for knowingly failing to prevent or repress the perpetration of crimes committed by rebels .
human rights organizations have become concerned that this " war on terror " is being used by the chinese government as a pretext to repress ethnic uyghurs .
he sought and achieved peace with the byzantines , who acknowledged lombards sovereignty over most of italy , and repress the rebellion of the duke of trent alahis , although at the cost of hard territorial concessions ( the duke himself also obtained for the duchy of brescia ) .
his death angered ceauşescu who called him " a traitor " , but milea had already ordered troops to come in defense of ceauşescu and to repress revolutionaries .
the wizard cast a spell to rid the world of superman , but merely made clark repress the memory of his alter ego .
in italy and other countries , the years of lead led to reinforced anti - terrorism legislation , criticized by social activists as a new form of " lois scélérates " which were used to repress the whole of the socialist movement , not just militant groups .
reissue and repress .
when the nazi party came to power in 1933 , they started to repress this intellectual criticism of the times .
on the island , jack also seems to repress his deep love for kate austen , which he has only twice ever fully admitted to , and even then only once in a very emotional tone of voice .
amnesty international ( ai ) stated that during the micheletti period , " increasingly disproportionate and excessive use of force [ was ] being used by the police and military to repress legitimate and peaceful protests across the country " .
zeno allowed the arrival in antioch from nearby monasteries of monks who increased the number of peter 's followers , and did not repress effectively their violences .
instead it documents a by no means unthinkable and in no way dreamlike reality [ ... ] this surprising turn of the plot , deviating totally from the literary original , which simplifies the action as the content of a dream , can not merely be regarded as a simple dramatic exigency , but as a prime example of the austrian soul 's ability to repress .
this rethinking was partly in response to american involvement in the vietnam war , which critics on the left regarded as an attempt to repress a peasant revolution .
the older generation of latin musicians have been accused of using their influence to repress the young movement , for commercial reasons .
however , medications may be given to repress more seizures if late seizures do occur .
we 'll just kill her too " on the cover / spine which does not appear on the repress .
on the 24th year of his regime , he re - produced the penalties that used by tang of shang to repress the rebellion .
all tracks were remixed and remastered and , as a bonus , an additional and exclusive track titled " the intermission " was included on the repress ; it was jennifer leeanna 's debut appearance in the band .
despite this attempt by the catholic church , to contain and repress protestant propaganda , the protestant propagandists found effective ways of disseminating their messages to their believers .
when the director watched the tests , one girl stood out - where everyone else had gazed into the lens with expressions of the deepest sincerity , this one had n’t been able to repress a laugh .
confucius ( 551 - 478 bc ) and other chinese writers cautioned that , " excessive growth may reduce output per worker , repress levels of living for the masses and engender strife . "
on july 27 , 1794 , at the onset of the thermidorian reaction , he was one of the deputies delegated to aid paul barras to repress the insurrection of the paris commune in favour of robespierre .
many of the most popular musicians of the classic era had lost their edge or died , and president mobutu 's regime continued to repress indigenous music , reinforcing paris ' status as a center for congolese music .
the reformed doctrines had made considerable progress in the duchy when the duke obtained from the pope extensive rights over the bishoprics and monasteries , and took measures to repress the reformers , many of whom were banished ; while the jesuits , whom he invited into the duchy in 1541 , made the university of ingolstadt their headquarters for germany .
upon the death of his father , gratian came under the influence of ambrose who became his chief advisor , and active steps to repress paganism were taken .
countries such as vietnam , myanmar , singapore , north korea and central asian republics like turkmenistan brutally repress freedom of speech .
unbeknownst to toji for much of the series , his normally by - the - book class rep hikari horaki actually has a crush on him , which she tries to repress and disguise by bossing him around .
its military duties include to provide , preserve and protect security and public peace , public order , to protect state and private property , to assist other security forces in case of emergency , civil unrest , war ; to repress riots ; to reinforce martial law and mobilization ; to fight and apprehend suspected criminals , terrorists and other violent groups ;
his inventions tend to be re - inventions and inferior versions of what his father built , and he abuses illegal stimulants , which he calls ' diet pills ' , to keep himself going and repress traumatic memories of childhood such as being forced to test out a prototype theme park ride ( " the incredible mr. brisby " ) .
in the reign of edward iii , an act of parliament ordained “ that in every shire of the realm good men and lawful which were no maintainers of evil nor barrators in the county , should be assigned to keep the peace , … to repress all intention of uproar and force even in the first seed thereof and before that it should grow up to any offer of danger . ” lambard , book 1 , ch .
i can not , here , repress this observation .
by 1935 arbitrary authoratitive price , wage and rent stops had to repress the inflation .
he chose to repress his ability to regenerate and subsequently died , leaving the doctor to mourn him and to burn his body on a pyre .
when revolution broke out in prussia in march 1848 , part of the larger revolutions of 1848 , the king initially moved to repress it with the army , but later decided to recall the troops and place himself at the head of the movement on 19 march .
of particular interest to him are a single group , " the non - politicals " , and five major political ideologies , " conservatism , liberalism , socialism , communism , and anarchism " , which can be listed as a series , with each seeking to " repress " its predecessor .
on october 5 , 2008 , the united nations security council adopted resolution 1838 calling on nations with vessels in the area to apply military force to repress the acts of piracy .
this caused ned to unknowingly repress his anger until it built up inside him and erupted in his tirade of insults directed at the townspeople .
" [ jews ] first need to become legally equal with christians in order to repress christianity next , turn christians into faithless , and step on their necks .
however the bohemians continued to press for further freedoms and rudolf used his army to repress them .
in the 1990s , wong - staal 's research focused on gene therapy , using a ribozyme " molecular knife " to repress hiv in stem cells .
mommsen ended his essay that the historians like nolte , fest , hildebrand , and stürmer were tying to “ repress ” the memory of nazi crimes .
she explores the effects on the characters , paul d and sethe , of trying to repress — and then coming to terms with — the painful memories of their past .
european union naval force somalia – operation atalanta is a military operation to help deter , prevent and repress acts of piracy and armed robbery off the coast of somalia .
e ) the need to repress tender emotions such as showing emotions restricted according to traditional masculine customs
however , the newly opened archives in georgia provide evidence that charkviani , who was lechkhumian ( from the lechkhumi region of georgia ) and not mingrelian or svan , was accused because he allegedly failed to “ detect and repress the criminal nationalist ring of counter revolutionaries within the ranks of the georgian communist party ” [ 2 ] .
phosphorylation also allows for binding of trancriptional coactivators , like p300 or pcaf , which then acetylate the carboxy - terminal end of p53 , exposing the dna binding domain of p53 , allowing it to activate or repress specific genes .
the measures taken by alfred to repress this uprising culminated in the taking ( or more probably , retaking ) of london in 886 .
his gamble succeeded in giving him the latitude to repress the populist left but provided the follow - on governments of artur da costa e silva ( 1967–69 ) and emílio garrastazu médici ( 1969–74 ) with a legal basis for authoritarian rule .
such individuals , unable to repress the ideas linked to emotional pain and equally unable to project these feelings delusively onto representations of other people , simply ejected them from consciousness by " pulverizing all trace of feeling , so that an experience which has caused emotional flooding is not recognized as such and therefore can not be contemplated " .
laws to repress bribery were made while the voting was open ; and they continued to be made after the vote by ballot was introduced at the popular elections by the lex gabinia ( b.c. 139 ) .
the episode shifted the balance of power in the military from relative moderates to the hard - line faction led by marcos pérez jiménez , which substantially stepped up efforts to repress the clandestine opposition .
although philip and olivares were able to repress the ducal revolt , philip had found himself increasingly isolated .
butler takes on the arguments of kristeva , claiming that kristeva 's insistence on a " maternal " that somehow precedes culture and on poetry as a return to the maternal body is an essentialist trap : " kristeva conceptualizes this maternal instinct as having an ontological status prior to the paternal law , but she fails to consider the way in which that very law might well be the cause of the very desire it is said to repress " ( 90 ) .
the church could not repress all expressions of homoerotic desire .
learn to respect the pious and to intimidate the proud ; guide the straying ; lend a hand to the fallen ; repress the proud and raise the humble , that our lord jesus christ may open to you the door , he who said of himself , " i am the door , whoever enters by me , bu me shall be saved , " and let he who is the key of david and the scepter of the house of israel , be your helper , he who opens and no one may shut , who shuts and no one may open ; who brings the captive out of prison , where he sits in darkness and the shadow of death , that in all things you may imitate him , of whom the prophet david said , " your seat , o god , endures forever ; a rod of righteousness is the rod of your kingdom .
ibn abbas , however , pointed out that basra was really the more dangerous , because fewer of the leading chiefs were there , able to curb the people and repress rebellion .
worse , the latter was not decisive enough to fully repress the regime 's opponents , despite the fact that congress had initiated an official investigation into the alleged excesses and misdeeds of his predecessor and political chief , ismael montes .
in april 1566 he was sent to ireland to control the expenditure of sir henry sidney , the lord deputy , who was trying to repress the rebellion of shane o'neill , and was much hampered by the interference of court factions at home ; but knollys found himself compelled , contrary to elizabeth 's wish , to approve sidney 's plans .
by the middle of the 19th century , prussia was seen by many german liberals as the country best - suited to unify the many german states , but the conservative government used the army to repress liberal and democratic tendencies during the 1830s and 1840s .
transfection with mutant p53 was not shown to strongly repress the survivin promoter .
a later repress came out on burgundy colored vinyl and had a sticker on the sleeve that proclaimed it " not part of the limited edition " .
in 1878 , after lower burma was annexed by great britain , the vernacular press act was passed , which attempted to repress propaganda against the british government in local language newspapers .
however , this " prohibition does not succeed in abolishing " the desire to touch ; all it can do is repress the desire and " force it into the unconscious " .
as the name implies , they also acted to repress other civilizations that used spiral energy , fearing that they could also become a threat to the universe if left unchecked .
in 1508 , he joined juan ponce de leon to explore puerto rico and prospect for gold , and in 1511 , he fought under ponce de leon to repress the caribs and the tainos who had joined forces in puerto rico in a great revolt against the spaniards .
while washington accepts the fact that it is natural for people to organize and operate within groups like political parties , he also argues that every government has recognized political parties as an enemy and has sought to repress them because of their tendency to seek more power than other groups and take revenge on political opponents .
in addition , she claims that the federal government in the 1980 ’s was largely responsible for giving employers the perception that they could engage in aggressive strategies to repress the formation of unions .
critics of the initiative have questioned of the extent and presence of islamic - extremist terrorism in the region and the actions and past behavior of some of the partner governments , who may be using the program to gain training , equipment and funds in order to effectively control and repress legitimate democratic movements in member states , or to fuel wars between neighboring african countries .
for their part , the serbian media claimed that the incident had been prompted by a " genocidal " croatian attempt to repress its serb minority , drawing explicit parallels with the croatian genocide of serbs during world war ii .
in many vietnamese herbal remedies , it is used to repress sexual urges .
supporters of chávez have said that the objective of " plan ávila " is not to repress the population or to prevent public protest but to maintain public order and that the plan had already been applied during the visit of pope john paul ii to venezuela without shooting against the population .
its military duties include to provide , preserve and protect security and public peace , public order , to protect state and private property , to assist other security forces in case of emergency , civil unrest , war ; to repress riots ; to reinforce martial law and mobilization ; to fight and apprehend suspected criminals , terrorists and other violent groups
the efforts that have been made by employers and by governmental authorities to repress the movement have been worse than useless .
we do n’t repress individuality ; we critique it .
the council then called upon states to refrain from offering the portuguese government any military assistance which would enable it to continue to repress the peoples of its territories and requested the secretary - general to follow the implementation of the present resolution and report back from time to time .
in 1725 , governor cano attempted to repress contraband , without complete success , due to the wit and skills of the french and dutch merchants and the complicity of some of the kingdom ’s influential citizens .
during the 1980s , the military was also used to repress township uprisings , which saw support for the ecc increase markedly .
hieronimo continues to repress bel - imperia , even as she completes her revenge , by “
however , many of these children experience rejection as a result of their differences and quickly attempt to repress them .
petey 's fear of ghosts made him suicidal , but he was ordered by captain tagon to " repress and deny " his memories of the haunting and cease running the probability simulation which had driven him insane .
in august 1975 , he sent the military to repress the nationalist rebellion headed by corsican edmond simeoni who had illegally occupied a wine cave in aleria .
in order to repress further revolts , schools and universities were placed under constant surveillance and students were provided with official textbooks .
regardless of the date , this was enfranchisement in name only , since tubman continued to repress political opposition , and to rig elections .
there was a brief repress where some number of blue colored vinyl was pressed .
hobbes’ ideas influenced adam smith ( 1723 - 1790 ) who thought governments should not repress people ’s self - interest in the economy . “
micrornas tend to repress translation and promote degradation of the mrnas they bind to , although there are examples of micrornas that stabilise transcripts .
after selling out by january of the following year , deer tick continued touring without a repress of the album they were supporting , a situation that " was an embarrassment . "
his hypothesis was that some societies view sexual expression as essentially good and healthy , while other societies take an overall negative view of sexuality and seek to repress and control the sex drive .
following his death indira gandhi was finally able to repress the power of india 's former rulers in democratic india as they formed a large bulk of her opposition party , the swatantra party .
for example , from one normative value position the purpose of the criminal process may be to repress crime .
two days after the soviet invasion of czechoslovakia to repress the prague spring , castro took to the airwaves and publicly denounced the czech rebellion .
another study often associated with this theory is that of the " wolf man " , a patient who tried to repress his homosexual tendencies .
the town had been recently garrisoned by almost 200 soldiers and militia who had been sent to repress sedition in the area .
" since his patients under treatment with this new method " remembered " incidents of having been sexually seduced in childhood , freud believed that they had actually been abused only to later repress those memories .
however , the newly opened archives in georgia provide evidence that charkviani , who was lechkhumian ( from the lechkhumi region of georgia ) and not mingrelian or svan , was accused because he allegedly failed to “ detect and repress the criminal nationalist ring of counter revolutionaries within the ranks of the georgian communist party ” .
it is run by the military junta of myanmar , the state peace and development council , and used largely to repress political dissidents .
he gave motel records his permission to repress " you think you really know me " , and also offered to play a handful of shows to promote the rerelease .
ptch1 has recently been reported to repress transcription of hedgehog target genes through a mechanism independent of smoothened .
it is used to exploit , to put on file , to control , and to repress .
however , manolo ’s flirtations and sexual advances do not find response in either vicenta or paquita , a young girl who also works at the sanatorium . instead is the sexually repress head nurse irene , who is infatuated with the young boy .
after mowrer 's positive experiences as a result of his disclosures to his wife in 1945 , he began to counsel students using several simple premises : that neurotic people often are being deceptive in some way with people they care about ; that they suffer from conscience pangs but resist or repress the prompting of the conscience ; and that this causes their symptoms .
julius nyerere would rule the country for decades and repress opposition .
the following day german forces bombed the republican held city of almería to repress republican air attacks on the " deutschland " .
as john fane , 11th earl of westmorland , a british diplomat in berlin , reported on 6 april 1848 , “ " great excesses had been committed by armed bands of poles , headed by some of the nobles and refugees , who have pillaged and set fire to country seats and farm houses and rendered themselves guilty of other depredations which the government will endeavour to repress by moveable columns of troops " ”
as a homosexual himself , bronowsky recognizes this trait in merrick , even though merrick struggles to repress this aspect of his personality .
pereira da silva was the last political prisoner convicted by the polícia internacional e de defesa do estado , better known as the pide , the secret service force used by the salazar regime to repress dissent during the estado novo .
the inability to repress overwhelming information is a cause of schizophrenia .
the town suffered greatly during the mexican war of independence due to the monarchy 's attempts to repress the rebellion there .
the german authorities were trying at the time to repress the sorbian culture and language in favour of those of the german population .
criticizing psychoanalysis " familialism " , they want to show that the oedipal model of the family is a kind of organization that must colonize its members , repress their desires , and give them complexes if it is to function as an organizing principle of society .
seven years later , after union laborers at acindar 's villa constitución plant elected a socialist shop steward , martínez de hoz retaliated by using his family 's long - standing connections with the armed forces to brutally repress them , abducting the new shop steward alberto piccinini and about 300 others ( most never to be heard from , again ) .
it was only in 2000 when let-7 was discovered to repress lin-41 , lin-14 , lin28 , lin42 and daf12 mrna during transition in developmental stages in c elegans and that this function was phylogenetically conserved in species beyond nematodes , that it became apparent the short non - coding rna identified in 1993 was part of a wider phenomenon .
after a repress , 400,000 singles were quickly sold .
when in 1571 their father francis i resigned in favour of his then major sons magnus ii and francis ii , magnus violently tried to repress his younger brother francis ii , however , failing in the end in 1574 .
lin-4 acts to developmentally repress the accumulation of lin-14 protein .
penology ( from the latin " poena " , " punishment " ) is a section of criminology that deals with the philosophy and practice of various societies in their attempts to repress criminal activities , and satisfy public opinion via an appropriate treatment regime for persons convicted of criminal offenses .
the tendency of societies or groups within society to alienate or repress different subcultures is a recurrent theme in human history .
it was the consensus at the hyannisport conclave that catholic politicians " might tolerate legislation that would permit abortion under certain circumstances if political efforts to repress this moral error led to greater perils to social peace and order . "
ultimately , she rejects these three extremes and finds a middle ground in which religion serves to curb her immoderate passions but does not repress her true self .
when the ego blocks such efforts to discharge one 's cathexis by way of regression , that is , when the ego wishes to repress such desires , freud uses the term " anti - cathexis " or counter - charge .
with his customary brutality , he strove to repress the abuses that he believed he saw in the administration of canada .
slave owners deliberately tried to repress political organization in order to deal with the many slave rebellions that took place in the southern united states , brazil , haiti , and the dutch guyanas
the new constitution also validated all legislation previously made by the regime , including the sweeping anticommunist act used to repress dissent .
daniel o'connell 's studies at the time had concentrated upon the legal and political history of ireland , and the debates of the historical society concerned the records of governments , and from this he was to conclude , according to one of his biographers , " in ireland the whole policy of the government was to repress the people and to maintain the ascendancy of a privileged and corrupt minority . "
tcf3 , a transcription factor regulated by wnt signaling , has been shown to repress nanog , a gene required for stem cell pluripotency and self - renewal .
there are severe restrictions on freedom of assembly , granted by the cambodian constitution , is also being perceived by local organizations as a deliberate campaign to repress cambodian civil society to grow and voice their concern .
two days after the soviet invasion of czechoslovakia to repress the prague spring , castro took to the airwaves and publicly denounced the czech rebellion .
as with kimbanguism , the state attempted to repress kitawala by relegating its members to isolated rural regions .
as lieutenant - general in roussillon in 1475 he protected the countryside against the wrath of the king , who wished to repress with cruel severity a rebellion of the inhabitants .
six months later , in june 1919 , the rnwmp was called in to repress the general strike in manitoba 's capital , winnipeg , where officers fired into a crowd of strikers , killing two and causing injury to thirty others .
the girls all retain their memory of the events , and while most appear to be dismissive ( or choose to repress the memories ) , willow 's emotional history with xander has left her furious , and she refuses to talk to him .
a microexpression is a brief , involuntary facial expression shown on the face of humans when one is trying to conceal or repress an emotion .
however , and with great disappointment to plan - it - x , the band has since requested to repress the record on their band manager 's label , sabot productions , after the band had already otherwise alienated its former fan base associated with plan - it - x.
in order to define the " self " , the infant must repress the natural assumption that all things are equal .
mommsen declared that because germany was an advanced nation , the holocaust was “ singular ” , and that:"to accept with resignation the acts of screaming injustice and to psychologically repress their social prerequisites by calling attention to similar events elsewhere and putting the blame on the bolshevist world threat recalls the thought patterns that made it possible to implement genocide ” .
in the early days of canadian immigration policy , there were strict regulations designed to repress immigration from india .
he was sent with a strong squadron to the mediterranean to repress the tripoli piracies , and negotiated a treaty of peace with the tripolitan government .
constant emotional abuse and neglect leads him to repress his emotions , and to deny himself emotional contact lest he be hurt .
in late 2002 , nearly a year after release bradley g issued a repress of “ sweetheart ”
another protein , pumilio , is required for nanos to repress hunchback .
magnus violently tried to repress his brother , however , stopped in the end by his dismissal and the reascension of francis i to the throne in 1574 .
as commander of messina in march 1821 he tried to organize the military forces of the two sicilies stationed in sicily and calabria for an extreme resistance against the austrians entered in the kingdom in order to repress the constitutional revolt of 1820 .
" here , i think , we repress it and , far from celebrating it , almost shy away from it .
this fact is notable since many conspiracy theories tend to portray jews as the plotters behind the new world order rather than one of the groups the plotters want to repress in order to create it .
in chapter 19 , she breaks up with ren because she now knows that ren is in love with someone else and she does n't want ren to continually repress his feelings just for her .
zhivkov modified some stalinist policies , officially " regretting " the trail and execution of kostov and other alleged " titoists , " and closing some labor camps , but the regime continued to harshly repress any signs of dissent .
the church could not repress all expressions of pederastic desire .
the higher unconscious ( or superconscious ) denotes “ our higher potentialities which seek to express themselves , but which we often repel and repress ” ( assagioli ) .
it creates discomfort in the viewer by exposing common or universal psychological vulnerabilities and fears , most notably the shadowy parts of ourselves in which most people repress or deny .
one accusation raised against germany and the its by critics is that they continue to keep the archive closed out of a desire to repress information about the holocaust .
carl jung has argued that attraction to the uneasiness caused by the other is an attempt to integrate the " otherness " of the shadow while others believe horror serves only to repress it .
the only role of nanos is to repress the maternally transcribed hunchback mrna in the posterior .
edward was even moved to write to the pope in impotent fury , complaining that " robert bruce and his accomplices , when lately we went into parts of scotland to repress their rebellion , concealed themselves in secret places after the manner of foxes . "
bmp 's repress wnt signaling to maintain stable stem cell populations . bmpr1a
however , napoleonic officials could and did repress public expressions of homosexuality using other laws , such as " offenses against public decency . "
" quakeworld " , " counter - strike " and " team fortress classic " use derivatives of the quake engine , so the techniques used to perform bunny - hopping in these games are nearly identical . " quakeworld " has " pogo stick " jumping ( you can release and repress the jump button while flying in the air ) , while in the other games you have to jump right as you hit the ground .
yet , in spite of these measures , mir yakut , the imperial diwan at peshawar , was sent to tirah in 1658 to repress an orakzai and afridi revolt .
no effort has been made to repress the athletic spirit that is everywhere in evidence in our schools .
the other parties on the commission were inclined to repress the druze population , but dufferin argued that had the christians won the war they would have been just as bloodthirsty .
new ways ministry feels that gays and lesbians should not be forced to repress their sexuality , and should be embraced within the church
cole claims that he is no longer going to be evil and that he can repress his demonic half in order to be with phoebe .
magnus violently tried to repress his brother .
families in which the honest expression of feelings is forbidden tend to teach children to repress and deny their feelings and to use other channels to express their frustration .
though initially the bolsheviks had not enjoyed much popularity following the february revolution — with liberal prime minister kerensky retaining enough support to repress an attempted " coup d'etat " by the faction in july — they capitalized on the disorder and economic collapse of russian society , mass worker 's strikes and the kornilov affair to increase their popularity among — and ultimately control over — the soviets .
h5 can repress minus - strand synthesis when the 3 ' side of the lsl pairs with the 4 bases at the 3'-terminus of the rna(gccc - oh ) .
however , the trend came to an abrupt halt with the " july theses " of 1971 , after which the ceauşescu regime began not only to repress dissidents such as paul goma and mircea dinescu , but also to promote its own personality cult reminiscent of socialist - realist days .
the reason for this is that the next - in - line to the throne , duke duralumon , is an evil man who would repress the people if he were to become king , and because of this the king will go to any length to prevent him from taking over .
the experiments forced her to repress her more violent , base emotions ; these emotions were then given to the buried " thorn " personality , who emerged whenever the submissive rose felt angry or threatened .
faced with an attempted military coup and attacks by members of sawaba , he used french advisers and troops to repress opposition , despite student and union protests against french neocolonialism .
after 1849 , the barrot party of order - backed government sought to repress protests against alcohol excises and the ' 45 centime ' , as well as demand for cheap credit and other grievances .
varsallona , an alleged " man of honour " , also supplied manpower to noble landowners to repress farmers ' revolts .
the third prime minister , tun hussein onn , stated at the same time that his administration had enforced the act only with a view to curbing communist activity , and not to repress " lawful political opposition and democratic citizen activity " .
subsequently , philip ii sent the duke of alva to the provinces to repress the revolt .
in the following year he went to germany to be present as papal nuncio at the coronation of charles v , and was also present at the diet of worms , where he headed the opposition to luther , advocating the most extreme measures to repress the doctrines of the reformer .
she did n't repress her feelings or attractions .
on the day of the liberation of france , the gprf would harshly repress a rebellion in algeria during the sétif massacre of may 8 , 1945 , which has been qualified by some historians as the " real beginning of the algerian war . " .
a " dirty war " was waged all over the continent , culminating with operation condor , an agreement between security services of the southern cone and other south american countries to repress and assassinate political opponents .
the government tried to repress the revolt but ultimately bowed before vallabhbhai patel .
cyrankiewicz tried to repress the riots at first , threatening that " any provocateur or lunatic who raises his hand against the people 's government may be sure that this hand will be chopped off .
when the armistice ended , cleon led a force of athenians to chalcidice to repress the revolts .
binding of a mirna to a message can repress translation of that message and accelerate poly(a ) tail removal , thereby hastening mrna degradation .
among the romanian state 's functions were to repress " the classes removed from power " and to defend against external aggression .
the rioters are eventually confronted by police and the army , who repress the revolt in a violent and unforgettable episode .
the only approach to an attempt to maintain order was the permission given to part of the population to carry arms in order to repress the klephts .
the king who was of tamil ancestry faced powerful chieftains and sought cruel measures to repress their popularity with the people .
miles warren was harry osborn 's hypnotherapist that helped him repress memories about his father , the green goblin .
jung believed that the only way to face the shadow was to acknowledge it , not to repress it as olivero had done 30 years earlier by leaving the village .
there can also be markets for goods under a command economy despite pressure to repress them .
driven mad by a gruesome mutiny , petey existed in a state of total introversion ( rendering the ship nearly inoperative for , in biological terms , three hundred billion years , evoking ennesby to comment that he ought to file it under things to repress ) until coaxed back to reality by ennesby , kevyn , and captain tagon .
they also stated " we will also continue to defend our right to freedom of speech and political views , despite the efforts by some to repress and misrepresent our union 's voices . "
loftus had specifically found that most survivors of sexual abuse do not repress memories of the trauma , and that true memories of sexual abuse are rarely recovered later in life .
the regime was attempting to use them to repress the mass protests , but they finally ended up joining the protests .
if the military or police attempt to violently repress nonviolent resisters , the power to act shifts from the hands of the oppressors to those of the resisters .
in 1570 the emperor met the diet of speyer and asked for aid to place his eastern borders in a state of defence , and also for power to repress the disorder caused by troops in the service of foreign powers passing through germany .
in 2005 , the label network 23 repress was set up to rerelease sought - after and still - played tracks from the spiral tribe back catalogue .
on the day of the liberation of france , the gprf would harshly repress a rebellion in algeria during the sétif massacre of may 8 , 1945 , which has been qualified by some historians as the " real beginning of the algerian war " .
but the movement was not a success because it was divided within itself on the issue of slavery and because dom pedro hired british and french ships and mercenaries to repress them .
it has been said , however , that the influence he exerted on those who attended his lectures was not beneficial in this respect , that his opinions were delivered so dogmatically , and all who differed from him were disparaged and denounced so contemptuously , as to repress instead of stimulating inquiry .
the next day , the first regiment of the national police decided , by consensus , not to repress the protests and were internally reprimanded by the government .
however , city of montreal cited " hodge v. the queen " , claiming that it allowed for a municipality to preserve peace and repress disorderly conduct in the context of a valid provincial program .
there it formed part of the english garrison , intimidating the scottish population in an attempt to repress any attempts at a jacobite rising .
his tenure was marked by efforts to repress revolutionary groups , as well as for the institution of noteworthy agrarian reforms .
he used the oedipus conflict to point out how much he believed that people desire incest and must repress that desire .
now there came from the emperor an elephant , jewels and the title of asaf jah , with directions to settle the country , repress the turbulent , punish the rebels and cherish the people .
otherwise law - abiding citizens have at times been prepared to break the law , either out of prejudice or in order to repress people they perceive as having lgbt identities or engaging in lgbt activity .
" the " guisborough chronicle " had little doubt of comyn 's culpability , who " at first pretended to repress rebellion but in the end changed sides and became a thorn in our flesh . "
in march 1809 he was sent to serbia in order to repress the revolt of karađorđe petrović .
no longer able to repress her emotions , she realizes the bad decisions and misjudgments she made throughout her life were a result of her resolute stubbornness , and eventually she is able to find closure with marvin .
stacher has illustrated various ways in with the egyptian government has acted to repress or frustrate opposition parties in order to retain power , while nominally allowing electoral choice .
from 1933 the nazi party started to repress the sorbs .
thomas later said that novelist richard wright had been the most influential writer in his life ; wright 's books " native son " and " black boy " " capture[d ] a lot of the feelings that i had inside that you learn how to repress . "
west berliners , buying food in east berlin , were regarded approving the soviet attempt to repress the western allies from west berlin , which was considered as support by the communists and as treason by most westerners .
the council also affirmed that the situation resulting from the conflict to retain the colonies seriously disturbed international peace and security and requested that all states refrain from supplying portugal with any arms or war materials that would enable her to continue to repress the people of the territories under its administration .
as a multilateral treaty , the paris convention seeks to “ protect industrial property … and at the same time repress unfair competition ” .
however the trauma of witnessing their murders , in both series , causes kohta to repress his memories of the events ; in the manga , he believes that kanae was killed in a car accident , whereas in the anime he believes that she simply got sick and died .
as poovey explains , in " sense and sensibility " " not only does the point of view repress the romantic plot , but austen also suggests that elinor 's self - denial ... ultimately contributes to her own happiness as well as to the happiness of others .
he tried to repress the rioting that erupted across the country at first , threatening that " any provocateur or lunatic who raises his hand against the people 's government may be sure that this hand will be chopped off . "
robot profesor records will also be releasing a limited repress of monolith in the uk .
paramilitary groups used violence and murder to terrorize leaders among the freedmen and white republicans , as well as to repress voting among freedmen during the 1870s .
as a side effect of this directive , petey developed the ability to repress and deny anything he damn well pleased at any time , effectively allowing him to lie to his superiors .
it may be unkind to laugh , but it is impossible to repress a smile . '
it is also visible in the struggle to call attention to the untried murder case of msp founding member and cuban exile carlos muñiz varela , and the attempts on the part of the government to repress protests against the continued coverup in that case , including the recent homage paid for by the legislature to suspected intellectual author of muñiz 's murder , julio labatud .
people not really guilty are likely to be arrested and railroaded through their hearings ... we appear to be attempting to repress a political party ...
cobalamin in the form of adenosylcobalamin ( ado - cbl ) is known to repress expression of proteins for vitamin b12 biosynthesis via a post - transcriptional regulatory mechanism that involves direct binding of ado - cbl to 5 ' utrs in relevant genes , preventing ribosome binding and translation of those genes .
the cd and cassette originally retained the number " 16 " , while the 1991 repress , as well as the 2001 remastered version of the same seventeen songs , were numbered " 16cd " and given the new title " end on end " .
according to forum 18 , despite international pressure , the authorities severely repress all religious groups , and the legal framework is so constrictive that many prefer to exist underground rather than have to pass through all of the official hurdles .
he was given charge of the young charles stuart , son of the countess of lennox , and ordered to repress the catholic tendencies of the family .
the phage genes expressed in this dormant state code for proteins that repress expression of other phage genes .
