she has worked with reputable nigeria filmakers such as lola fani kayode , zeb ejiro , chuck mike , andy amanechi , tunji bamishigbin and lai arasanmi .
however , if high quality embroidery is essential , then industry experts highly recommend either purchasing solid designs from reputable digitizers or obtaining training on solid digitization techniques .
the tortoise protection group encourages people in the uk to buy tortoises which have been bred in the uk by true , reputable breeders .
if a computer is configured to use a digitally signed repository from a reputable vendor , and is coupled with an appropriate permissions system , this significantly reduces the threat of malware to these systems .
four years later he founded a reputable historical journal , " istorichesky vestnik " .
throughout the early 21st century he has worked to elevate chiptune music to a more reputable status , in spite of its perception as sometimes kitschy or retro .
merchantrade ’s payout partners are highly reputable commercial banks and remittance house with payout modes to beneficiaries by direct bank - in , instant cash over the counter , cash pick - up and door to door to delivery .
most reputable companies and/or agencies will absorb these costs themselves if they are the ones seeking the employee .
the university of television and film munich is one of germany 's most reputable film schools with about 350 students enrolled .
the tiger lily records name is now held by a reputable canadian company .
he has numerous reputable scientific publications in gastroenterology and liver diseases .
during ron ’s tenure , unocal in india partnered with reputable business houses and esteemed public sector enterprises to develop the proposed 3 million ton ennore lng import terminal in tamil nadu , the 350 mw gas - fired gautami power project in andhra pradesh and the 700 mw combined - cycle bidadi project in karnataka .
based on a reputable mining engineer 's estimate that the cave contained 100,000 tons of guano , the company constructed an elaborate plant to extract the guano .
best known for their " they hunger " series , black widow games has become quite reputable within the gaming world and has become a household name for fans of valve 's " half - life " series .
while this is true in some cases , the desired effect can often be achieved by purchasing a less - expensive version from a reputable brand .
it is many centuries old and one of the most reputable siva temples in south india .
many common problems are hip dysplasia , deafness ( which is culled early by reputable breeders ) elongated soft pallets and some skin issues .
however , some less reputable users of piercing guns still continue to offer such piercings .
the southern highlands has a reputation of being an upscale area due to its upscale - style accommodation which include reputable resorts such as craigieburn , briars , berida manor house and peppers manor house .
if your time is limited and it 's within your budget , the easiest way to see something of the oriente , as ecuador 's amazon basin is usually called , is to buy a package tour from a reputable operator , either in your own country or in quito .
the medical center is one of the largest and most reputable in europe , due to its extensive clinical capabilities and advances in research .
the fact is that the reputable manufacturers do n't use rubber .
in 1980 he established the indonesian business data center , a leading business consultant and data mining firm , while consistently presenting sharp political and economic insights and analysis through his columns on many of indonesia 's most reputable media such as kompas and suara pembaruan among other .
most notable was her november 2007 appearance on the bbc2 television programme " dragons ' den " , although her request for investment was turned down ; she claimed a reputable actor would be endorsing her film , but the scenes showing her handing the letter of intent from kevin mcnally 's agent to deborah meaden were not aired .
in 1847 , captain william mcclintock bunbury commissioned the very reputable daniel robertson to build a " new house at lisnavagh " .
in the early part of the 20th century , this remained the accepted date ( subject to the uncertainties of the ' age of alexander ' ) for a number of reputable scholars , among them hasan taqizadeh , a recognized authority on the various iranian calendars , and hence became the date cited by henning and others .
in " mr. monk and the playboy " when sharona tells him of her less than reputable past which was about to be revealed if mr. monk persisted in his investigation even though she knew benjy would be open to ridicule and perhaps even lose respect for her , benjy reassures her that he could handle it .
by the time of the russian revolution , chicherin was probably the most reputable historian and philosopher in russia .
in addition , four international reputable universities have set up their branch campuses in malaysia since 1998 .
marco glaviano ( born in palermo , sicily in 1942 ) is a reputable figure in the fashion industry as a premier photographer who has been sought after by famous supermodels such as cindy crawford , paulina porizkova , and eva herzigova .
stromer was a man who observed the formalities , and the second thing he did that afternoon was to visit the office of george steindorff , a reputable german egyptologist , as a matter of courtesy and to plan the future expedition .
the authors consider that the book uses selective quoting and outdated sources , oversimplifies matters , neglects facts regarding the likelihood of fossilization , and presents fringe science as being from a reputable " scientific journal " .
the rizal technological university shall evolve into a reputable institution of higher learning that provides relevant education , advances knowledge and preserves culture to enhance quality of life in a multicultural and knowledge- based society .
however , the court has recognized the abfde as reputable in the case of u.s. v. buck , 1987 , in denying a motion that claimed that handwriting comparisons were unreliable .
since inception , the program has grown into one of the most reputable programs in the east .
she and mark brendanawicz , a coworker of hers and reputable womanizer , hooked up leaving leslie with romantic feelings towards him , although it meant nothing to mark .
the school is considered one of the most reputable in this now impoverished country with the anglican school association claiming it to be the second best .
trust helps to build reputable social positions in the community .
being a voracious reader and an admirer of nobel laureate rabindranath tagore , his first attempt in the world of letters was a novel , " snehathinte parajyam " ( failure of love ) , published by the reputable national book stall of kottayam .
it is often best to use a trained packaging engineer , reputable vendor , consultant , or independent laboratory .
he continued writing , but because of his volatile and unpredictable personality , reputable publishers declined to publish his manuscripts .
some were done by large , reputable coachbuilding firms , while others were built by local carpenters and craftsmen for individual customers .
in some civil law countries judges are trained and promoted separately from attorneys , whereas common law judges are usually selected from accomplished and reputable attorneys .
transparent acetate dice , used in all reputable casinos , are harder to tamper with .
overall , alpena high school is a reputable school with the capacity to advance their students in science , mathematics , as well as vocational training .
poundland are officially britain 's largest seller of batteries , stocking reputable brands such as sony , panasonic and kodak in quantities priced more competitively than their closest rivals , with the kodak value pack being one of their best sellers and only exclusive to poundland .
a few reputable hotels have been established and more modern shopping malls have been opened to cater for urban folks .
recertification is the cornerstone of any reputable certification program .
donationcoder has been recognized by lifehacker and several other well - known and reputable blogs for its adherence to the principles of freeware and open source software .
he then relocated to florida where he became a reputable amateur boxer .
small airlines sometimes subcontract maintenance to a much larger and reputable carrier , as it is a short - term cheaper alternative to setting up an independent maintenance base .
in 1924 , the actress , now a reputable comedy " farceur " , was given the greatest tragic role of her career in erich von stroheim 's epic classic , " greed " ( 1924 ) , a nine - hour - plus picture , edited to under two hours .
at the 2010 mls superdraft combine , many reputable soccer experts praised loyd 's efforts , saying , " if tchani was the best player at the combine , loyd was the second most impressive .
in addition , the academic review committee ( arc ) comprising reputable scholars in various fields provides guidance and recommendations on academic and research matters .
on the 16th of may , 2008 , an open letter was written to parents of current and alumni students of the montana academy and educational consultants by dr. john a. mckinnon , md . , advising political action to " protect montana academy and other reputable programs from political posturing and reflexive indignation and a rush to a piled - on federal regulation that could do us harm and still not solve any adolescent problem that does not already have a simpler solution " .
i did n’t know then that a reputable publisher never has to advertise for songs .
though all of these years and changes , the euphemians have been able to keep a reputable character .
glenville is also home to several reputable parks and preserves .
by 1986 , though , zionist scholars having published articles that bolstered finkelstein 's case , his version was the conventional wisdom " , adding a long list of quotations from reputable scholars to bolster his point .
bukit mertajam high school is also very reputable for its extra - curricular achievements .
he worked in executive and commercial positions for reputable british and international cooperatives and institutions for over 20 years .
innoenergy is a strongly integrated alliance of reputable players from the education , research and
as mentioned above , authentication is not the same as abuse prevention : dkim does n't prevent a spammer from composing an ad at a reputable domain so as to obtain a signed copy of the message .
today , latin we manages some of the biggest us hispanic ( latin ) stars in television , film and radio , such as sofia vergara , angélica vale , cristián de la fuente , marcela mar , raul de molina , danna garcia , myrka dellanos , barbara bermudo , and fernando fiore , to name a few , benefiting from latin we 's reputable endorsement and pr departments .
the camera is based on a rather revolutionary concept , utilising the newly developed prontor / compur reflex shutters , which would pave the way for reputable camera designs like the 1953 contaflex , the 1956 retina reflex , the 1957 hasselblad 500 , and the 1959 voigtländer bessamatic .
almost immediately rumours spread that his death had not simply been the result of his wound : stories were repeated in reputable histories that corbet had been either murdered by his crew , or committed suicide to avoid the shame of defeat .
after the money was placed , a reputable citizen of londonderry , captain john mitchell , happened along and dismounted his horse nearby .
young has published numerous articles on biblical law in reputable christian theology journals .
reputable authors from this movement include motoori norinaga , yokoi yayu , and matsudaira sadanobu ..
a practical definition of the current state of mathematics , as a research field , is that it consists of theorems with proofs published in a reputable mathematical journal , and which usually have passed through the process of peer review called refereeing .
these images are of a sufficiently high quality to be displayed in reputable galleries .
paul trueman had a less - than - reputable past , which often created problems for him in his new life running the abercorn bed & breakfast with his brother , anthony and acting - father , patrick .
the following list contains the names of people are who are being discussed - in two or more reputable sources that are less than six months old - in regard to the 2012 primary .
many reputable local architects were involved and many of their works are today protected by listed building status .
the quotation , and variants , were widely repeated throughout the world by broadcasts and reputable publications such as the new york times , chicago tribune , boston globe , toronto star , time magazine , and the london review of books , as well as in blogs .
galbraith says that the " economists and those who offered economic counsel in the late twenties and early thirties were almost uniquely perverse " and that reputable economic advice was invariably on the sides steps that made things worse " .
it has become a leading institution of high academic institution in the field of legal and political studies , and has been successful in becoming a reputable academic center .
according to " publishers weekly " , a reputable industry publication , the final offer was " well into six figures " .
study trips to different industries and organizations are arranged , guest speakers from reputable institutes and industries are invited and seminars and workshops are held regularly .
stirrat 's fabrications were picked up by reputable internet sites such as , , and others .
she is a pioneer in introducing a modern life insurance and sales network in the market that resemble reputable european insurance companies .
as a pioneer and veteran character actress of iranian theatre and cinema , she performed in a number of films with reputable directors .
it was also in this year that the editor of the vancouver sun , bobby carter , wrote , " too many reputable people have seen [ the monster ] to ignore the seriousness of actual facts . "
it is a highly reputable college in michigan and is attended by people already working in the professional fields but want to update them with business procedures and accounting standards .
success of union olimpija ljubljana ( formerly smelt olimpija ) , during his time coaching the team , contributed to establishing basketball as a distinctive part of slovenian sport culture and recognition of union olimpija as a reputable european club .
since april 1 , 2007 only those with an already existing media profile and the backing of a reputable academic are allowed to apply for the challenge .
innoenergy is a strongly integrated alliance of reputable organizations from the education , research and industry sectors .
elmyr de hory ( born ' hoffmann elemér ' ) ( 1906 – december 11 , 1976 ) was a hungarian - born painter and art forger who claimed to have sold over a thousand forgeries to reputable art galleries all over the world .
after graduating , cummings began performing as a company member in two of new york city 's most reputable downtown theater & dance companies : and with whom he toured extensively , performing in festivals all across us , the uk , and europe .
furthermore , sony 's privacy policy states that this address can be used for promotions , or given to affiliates or " reputable third - parties who may contact you directly " .
burrows was solicited by many companies but decided on drum workshop , burrows explains it is because of their " quality and durability " and " that they would supply me with a drum kit to spec in any country that we traveled to , free of charge " and that " there is n't much of a difference between any of the drums when you are endorsed because they 're going to give you the high - end line no matter what , so for me it was about choosing a reputable drum company that is going to provide me with what i need .
sir paul vinogradoff ( , transliterated : " pavel gavrilovich vinogradov " ; november 18 ( 30 ) , 1854 , kostroma , russia – december 19 , 1925 , paris , france ) was a highly reputable anglo - russian historian - medievalist .
under mccormic , the opera workshop performed locally , toured , and did broadcasts in radio and tv often with near quality of a reputable professional company .
there are also intermicronational organisations that are reputable , and which accept nations and micronations that do n't necessarily meet all of the montevideo convention requirements for a state , such as the micronational professional registry ( mpr ) and the league of secessionist states ( loss ) , which has almost 50 micronations as member - states .
media will often reprint what has been published , especially when it appears in reputable publications . ‘
two hotels , nine saloons , a brewery , blacksmiths shop , general store , residences and " less reputable businesses " rounded out emory city 's economy .
gaston won the romance writers of america rita award in 2006 for best regency romance for her novel " a reputable rake " .
instead of displaying his rage instantly , he shrugs it off by saying that many bums have slapped him , but it is an honor to have been smacked by such a reputable celebrity as faridi .
the station enjoys close proximity to several reputable schools such as saint andrew 's school , cedar primary school , cedar girls ' secondary school and maris stella high school .
reputable libraries in the town indicate a rich culture of its inhabitants .
although black soldiers proved themselves as reputable soldiers , discrimination in pay and other areas remained widespread .
absent a citation to a reputable source , i would delete them .
a general ledger of madoff accounts listed konigsberg , of the reputable accounting firm of konigsberg , wolf & co. , as receiving $ 30,000 a month to advise the msil operations , and funnel client checks to the london office for madoff 's own use .
most of his patients were transsexual people who were too poor to afford the fees of reputable surgeons
however , this is not seen as any sort of reputable achievement as the leagues were changing format and this only required a top 14 finish .
all reputable programs will keep clients ' data confidential and the benchmarks will be based on aggregate findings .
a u.s. representative referred to the group as " reputable " and lodged a formal protest over its exclusion .
any demographic information pertaining to mountain views ' student population has yet to be formally documented or released by the stafford county public school system or any other reputable agency .
none of these claims has stood up to examination by reputable scholars .
a reputable piercing studio should provide clients with written and verbal aftercare instructions , as is in some areas mandated by law .
the only people allowed to be present were the sheriff of the county , a physician , the district attorney of the county , who would select at least 12 " reputable citizens " .
they should only be generated by a reputable software tool ; they are not just random numbers .
despite numerous contradictory news stories , some from highly - reputable sources , claiming that she would " definitely " attend trinity college , cambridge , columbia university , brown university or yale university , watson was reluctant to commit publicly to any one institution , saying that she would announce her decision first on her official website .
some notable people from ezeoke include late eze nwokocha , a powerful ruler of nsu , late mr. jonas c. ekeoba , a renowned educator , late eze f.b nduka , ebichi of nsu , late chief hezekiah c. ibezim , a philanthropist , justice michael eziri , retired judge , dr. johnny ononiwu , the 1st veterinary surgeon from imo state , chief tony emeruem , a renowned pharmacist / politician / philanthropist and dr. daniel emeruem , a reputable physician .
the son of brewery manager benjamin westall and his second wife martha " nee " harbord , william westall had four step - siblings , the eldest of whom , richard westall , was a reputable painter and illustrator .
to this end sandy has published a great number of papers in internationally reputable journals .
he hired reputable accountants and lawyers to boost his image .
if the items are attractively laid out in display cases and shelves in an uncluttered fashion , the pawnshop has a more professional , reputable appearance .
however , controversial medical practices can be deemed reasonable when followed by a respected and reputable minority of the medical field , or where the medical profession can not agree over which practices are best .
for researchers , publishing an article describing novel results in a reputable scientific journal usually does more to enhance one 's reputation among scientific peers , and advance one 's academic career .
as with most older revolvers , a reputable gunsmith should check its functioning prior to purchase .
reputable breeders attempt to produce the healthiest dogs the limited gene pool will allow , and buyers of purebreds primarily are interested in a puppy whose adult size , appearance , and temperament are predictable .
while written for a lay audience rather than for scholars , books like " the black arts " and " the powers of evil in western religion , magic and folk belief " remain accessible , reputable , and insightful reading decades after their original publication .
heartbroken and embittered by tommy 's desertion , sadie struggles to find reputable employment but eventually joins opal as a dancer in a nightclub .
it is reputable because of its special origin .
though severe towards himself , tamburini , when deciding cases of conscience for others , was inclined to follow the milder views which he found reputable authors declaring probable .
as part of the independent 's effort to provide reputable hard news reporting , the independent has often sent writers to cover major stony brook - related stories off campus , including protests in new york city and washington d.c. in which stony brook students participated , and sporting events , such as stony brook 's appearance in the 2005 ncaa men 's soccer semifinals at new haven , connecticut .
about 10 reputable wineries make sangiovese
in 1998 , the u.s. state department listed the kla as a terrorist organization , and in 1999 the republican policy committee of the u.s. senate expressed its troubles with the " effective alliance " of the clinton administration with the kla due to " numerous reports from reputable unofficial sources ( ... ) that the kla is closely involved with : the extensive albanian crime network ( ... ) [ and with ] terrorist organizations motivated by the ideology of radical islam , including assets of iran and of the notorious osama bin laden ( ... ) " .
he would later recognize his father 's teaching being the foundation of everything he knew on his instrument , even though he went on to study with more reputable masters .
however , kuyt did not have a successful game and the netherlands eventually lost 1–0 in a game that was more reputable for its record breaking disciplinary record ( 4 red cards and 16 yellow cards ) .
oak seems to specialize in separate head machines , although northwestern also sells reputable separate head machines .
canadian journalist and writer , frederick arthur mckenzie , was one of the best - known and reputable war correspondents of his day according to berresford ellis .
most reputable citizens publicly repudiate the goings on at the red temple , but of course many also secretly join in the activity .
it was founded by the former president of the republic of kenya and the chancellor of the university - his excellency daniel t. arap moi - who wanted to set up a reputable christian , liberal arts , science and technology university .
which can be used to check the prices of goods sold by large chain - stores and reputable shops in hong kong for general referencing .
despite this , there are also many reputable and honest merchants in the alley .
in the year 2002 he had his first performance as a singer on djurdjevdanski festival , banjaluka , that is the most reputable children 's festival in banjaluka and republika srpska .
highly reputable management companies have been attracted to invest in this city such as hyatt regency , accor , marriott , le méridien , four seasons , ritz - carlton , and others , with categories from three to five stars .
overseen by denise roberts , the teaching staff includes actors of the calibre of victoria longley , tina bursill , steve bastoni , kristian schmid , malcolm frawley , philip holder , kieran darcy - smith , alan flower , susan prior , malcolm kennard , terry serio , philip holder , roxane wilson , di smith , moira mclean , katherine hopwood - poulson , grant bowler , steve rodgers and colin friels , with prominent reputable directors which include peter andrikidis , lewis fitz - gerald , tony tilse , dan krige , dean francis , darren ashton , sam atwell , and chris martin - jones who are currently employed in film or television ; as well as selected casting consultants and agents .
more reputable uses of chloral hydrate include its use as a clearing agent of chitin ( and fibers ) and as a key ingredient of hoyer 's mounting medium , which is used for slide - mounted observation of organisms under the microscope .
however , for any reputable manufacturer , if this current analysis reveals that the device can not drive the inputs , the fan - out number will agree .
dr. saif has a reputable academic and political career .
dent had been in practice for six years when he was convicted under an 1882 west virginia law which required physicians to hold a degree from a reputable medical college , pass an examination , or prove practice in west virginia for the previous ten years .
in 2002 femin said that when he went back to greenspoint and , as stated by craig mallislow of the " houston press " , could " barely recognize " the area , since apartment complex owners had invested millions of dollars in cleaning up apartment complexes and hiring new , reputable managers .
the most conclusive of these investigations was conducted in a reputable metallurgical research laboratory , using highly specialized equipment able to characterize the surface constituents on an atomic level .
pakpattan has a very reputable bar in the country .
dawkins replied that this statement would be " hard to match , in reputable journals , for its patronising condescension toward a fellow academic . "
the better health channel develops all its information in consultation with official content partners , who are reputable health or health - related organisations with specialised knowledge in a particular topic area .
images are culled from google images or reputable educational sites , the authors located and emailed a letter requesting permission , and approved images are added to the wiki .
the hoax circulated around greek websites and was widely reproduced without verification by many reputable sources from newspapers to the then minister for national education and religious affairs ( see urban legend spread bellow ) .
the most reputable being chief sitting bull .
sayyid ya’kub felt sad and depressed after his grandfather ’s died , and not able to stay in baghdad , he agreed with the three sons to leave baghdad , his son umar went to bukhara region that is located in turkistan , abdullah went to the local syiroz , which is part of the persians until he married with a reputable woman from the abassid caliph , in the area syiroz , and have child with the name salim .
alex benedict - a reputable and very successful dealer in human antiquities .
he is estimated to have published 50 to 60 plagiarized articles in a few years , many of them in reputable journals , often with co - authors who have never published with anyone but him , which led to the suspicion that they may not exist .
butterbur extract should be taken only when prepared by a reputable laboratory .
he was also a reputable architect .
akhisar 's cloth and cords were reputable in istanbul markets .
following his retirement , he went on to publish more than 200 articles , in a variety of journals — more than some reputable scientists publish in their entire careers ; 14 of his 25 books were published after he was 65 .
budget strat copies are usually manufactured by low - profile companies , but they may also be manufactured by larger , more reputable companies , but with minor differences to differentiate them from fender 's stratocasters and avoid a lawsuit .
most reputable galleries absorb the cost of printing invitations to the opening , guidebooks , and other p.r. publications .
meng tian , a reputable general and a supporter of the emperor 's oldest son fusu , was stationed at the northern border , commanding more than 100,000 troops for the inconclusive campaign against the huns .
the print newspaper evolved into a reputable news source under the leadership of tajiri .
this qualified person , in the spirit of the national instrument , is required to be a reputable professional who is knowledgeable of the mineral property concerned , and who has sufficient experience and qualifications to make the statements which are made within the report .
and they are structurally similar to sociograms – a diagram drawn from the field of social network analysis , and to a lesser degree to earlier artists like hans haacke – but in lombardi 's historical diagrams , each node or connection was drawn from news stories from reputable media organizations .
credible and reputable .
the city 's tourism office can give helpful advice on choosing a reputable school , as can current students .
galena used to be used in commercial kohl preparations before the toxicity of lead became known , but now reputable manufacturers use amorphous carbon or organic charcoal instead of lead .
insurers who , themselves , committed abuses would suffer loss of reputation and be at a competitive disadvantage to more reputable insurers .
much attention has been given to reputable science suggesting that zero point energy is infinite , but zero point energy is a minimum energy below which a thermodynamic system can never go , thus none of this energy can be withdrawn without altering the system to a different form in which the system has a lower zero point energy .
for a player who has spent the majority of his playing career in the lower leagues , forrester has an astounding pedigree , having played for reputable clubs such as leeds united , dutch premier outfit f.c. utrecht and french side aj auxerre , but never quite made the required impact on their respective first team squads .
in one view , " william jaggard was in general a reputable printer and it was only when he was dealing with shakespeare 's work that he became at all unethical ... "
bill gross , a " most reputable financial guru " , sarcastically and ominously criticized the credit ratings of the mortgage - based cdos now facing collapse : aaa ?
the films have either been cited by a combination of reputable sources as the worst movie of the year , or been on such a source 's list of the worst movies of all time .
anyone can access them in reputable bookshops across towns and cities in northern and western nigeria;niger republic and al - azhar university in egypt .
after teaching at several reputable us universities ( like the university of southern california , pepperdine university , and the california state university , dominguez hills ) , he returned to his country of birth in 1995 to work for the eritrean government .
the state has several reputable schools , colleges , and institutions .
gamers hell claims to be the " largest independent videogaming site " but it does not feature as one of the " four stalwarts " listed in a reputable website article .
ask the dust " has been referred to over the years as a monumental southern california / los angeles novel by a host of reputable sources ( e.g. : carey mcwilliams , charles bukowski , and the los angeles times book review ) .
according to one of the most reputable sources , it was started by belvin , and then evolved through various differently titled songs recorded by hodge and williams .
strabo wrote of the serapeion at canopus near alexandria as being patronised by the most reputable men .
this kicked off a rivalry with the reputable billy jack haynes , resulting in his title victory over nagasaki in march of the same year .
the match referee makes no decisions relevant to the outcome of the game , but instead enforces the icc cricket code of conduct , ensuring the game is played in a reputable manner .
following the rise and fall of the italo and eurodisco sound , and the lack of reputable impact it had made on the uk and us markets , many former italo disco artists and followers , had begun to experiment with different styles of music .
travelers who do not use the services of reputable travel firms or knowledgeable guides or drivers are especially at risk .
wasā'il al - shīʿa ( ) is a reputable book of hadith in shia islam , compiled in the 1600s by shaikh al - hur al - aamili .
additionally , reputable breeders and some pet stores sell rabbits .
kilfitt was a reputable lens manufacturer , well known for designs like the 1955 macro kilar series and the manufacture of the voigtländer 2.8 / 32 - 86 mm zoomar .
in wuxia stories , when a reputable pugilist decides to retire from the jianghu , he will do so in a ceremony known as " washing hands in the golden basin " ( 金盆洗手 ) .
however , these claims were never verified by any reputable source .
some reputable dentists complain that ' cowboy ' dentists are destroying patients ' teeth with near impunity , ignored by authorities .
dr. cohen and other reputable researchers have been disturbed by what he calls the " beatnik microculture " and its abuses of lsd and other hallucinogens .
akureyri has a robust cultural scene , with several bars and reputable restaurants ( such as " greifinn " , " bautinn " , " rub 23"/"café karólína " and " friðrik v " ) .
he allegedly distributed fake financial statements and audit opinion letters of a reputable accounting firm , and recruited assistance to represent legitimate companies involved in the transactions , including false e - mail addresses and telephone numbers .
in 1924 when the crisis had abated , he transferred to the " much more reputable " technical university of munich .
the hoax email further purports the virus to be acknowledged by such reputable sources as cnn , mcafee and microsoft as one of the most dangerous viruses yet reported .
he is still regarded as one of three most reputable russian historians , alongside nikolay karamzin and sergey solovyov .
these may be consultants , independent laboratories , universities , or reputable vendors .
tmf group ’s international client base is diversified and includes fortune 500 companies and other listed multinational companies , insurance and real estate companies , financial institutions , pension funds , reputable private companies and high net worth individuals .
general amherst high school is considered to be one of the more reputable all - around secondary schools in the windsor / essex county region .
unsurprisingly , in light of his questionable medical training ( 75 percent completion at a less - than - reputable medical school ) , frequency of operating while intoxicated and less - than sterile operating environments , some patients suffered from infection , and an undetermined number died .
she also charts the downward spiral of juliet from gentility to working woman ; she begins as a musician and slips into the less - reputable positions of milliner and seamstress .
" friand " was the reputable name for a connoisseur of delicious things that were not eaten primarily for nourishment : " a good gourmet " , wrote the conservative eighteenth - century " dictionnaire de trévoux " , employing this original sense , " must have " le goût friand " , or a refined palate .
reputable heli - skiing operations employ guides and pilots who are trained and experienced in evaluating snow conditions , snow stability , and risk management .
( likewise , there are thousands of mostly - american google search results for " eroticly " , some in reputable publications , but it does not even appear in the 23-volume , 23,000-page , 500,000-definition " oxford english dictionary " , the largest in the world ; and even american dictionaries give the correct spelling as " erotically " . )
these papers were published in reputable scientific journals , and were alleged by their authors to culminate in a proposed theory for describing what occurred at the big bang .
aocm is now an established and reputable , growing child - advocacy organisation .
he belongs to reputable family of chinioti sheikhs .
some even say that shin is currently the most reputable and well - known chinese rock band in the mainstream asian music world .
users with higher postcounts are often considered more reputable than users with lower postcounts .
however , none of the reputable sources listed support this view .
reputable sources cited here consider the presence and mode of use of this underground wharf to be if not unique , extremely rare within the united kingdom ..
reputable merchants can provide the scientific name of specific " jade " stones upon request , although clerks who vend faux jades may be unaware that multiple types of stone are sold under that name .
while this occurs most often because of handloading by inexperienced reloaders , squib loads are known to occur even in reputable factory brands .
specialized and professional accreditors are recognized as reputable by the u.s. department of education and the council for higher education accreditation ( chea ) .
the pair were dynamite , scooping three headlines in the reviews section of major publications and glowing write - ups from over a dozen other reputable sources .
guides and porters can be found more easily at the kokoda end of the track by asking the local police station for a reputable person .
the institution is a reputable source of students with morale and discipline .
in 1898 , the school was considered to be reputable and cost of attendance was between $ 1.50 and $ 2.00 per month .
after learning the industry from interning at reputable talent agencies and production companies , he graduated college with a bachelors degree and moved to los angeles .
to avoid illegal ivory , collectors and artists check provenance and deal only with other established and reputable dealers .
it was known in times past as the " killer clam " or " man - eating clam " , and reputable scientific and technical manuals once claimed that the great mollusk had caused deaths ; versions of the " u.s. navy diving manual " even gave detailed instructions for releasing oneself from its grasp by severing the adductor muscles used to close its shell .
the reputable iranian music magazine in its 10th edition , march 1 , 1953 wrote , " anoushirvan , the 13 year old pianist who is raised by a musical family , is now learning to be a star at national music conservatory . " twenty year later , the same magazine once again recognized anoushirvan as " the precious innovator of iranian music . "
within the medical school , the program in physical therapy is also highly reputable .
a more reputable expedient with the same end in view was the construction of a great library in cairo , with ample provision for students ; this was modelled on a similar institution at baghdad .
ooi holds a bachelor of science degree double majoring in electronics and management of science and technology from universiti malaya , the oldest and most reputable institution in malaysia .
backed by a reputable product , online forum and newsgroup backing has steadily propelled brown safe to the top position as the premier builder of high security safes .
many reputable retailers forbid their employees to accept tips ( although this is illegal in some states , such as california , due to the fact that state law states " tips are the property of whom they are given , and employers are not allowed to require employees to refuse , give , or share their tips with anyone " ) .
the website " onlinelearning101 " lists ashwood university among examples of degree mills , and suggests that the name was selected because it " sounds like the very reputable ashford university " .
the appropriate boundaries - and therefore population figures - for some metro areas are much debated , and in some cases reputable sources provide figures which differ by millions .
the league gave a blackeye to the legitimate independent baseball leagues that are thriving across the u.s. and canada and led by respected and reputable individuals such as miles wolff and frank boulton .
it was a very important season for beşiktaş since , in 2003 , the reputable turkish club was celebrating its 100th year since its foundation .
his son ali goes by the name ali asghar is a graduate of karachi grammar school and works for the highly reputable pakistani publication , the herald .
initially , its organisation was military in nature , dividing each team in groups of four , after the reputable british sas system .
stories about tipton appeared in a variety of papers including tabloids like " national enquirer " and " star " , as well as more reputable papers like " new york magazine " and " the seattle times " .
ruppelt commented , " two years ago i would have been amazed to hear a group of reputable scientists make such a startling statement .
theatre 311 is a very reputable venue for live theatre , drawing on local talent and actors from surrounding cities .
he published more than 160 scientific papers in reputable scientific journals .
a tuberculosis program began in the late 1980 's , and was later developed into a reputable tb control program in 1995 .
for six days the persians attacked the walls , with losses on both sides ; however , on the seventh day two reputable eretrians opened the gates and betrayed the city to the persians .
the more reputable companies will keep an accurate record of their tipping activities enabling a prospective client to assess their past form and so anticipate potential future performance .
while pining for phillip , beth became friends with attorney ben warren , who was far from reputable .
over the past few years , students have been accepted to the following reputable schools : brown university , carnegie mellon university , cornell university , dartmouth college , duke university , georgetown university , harvard university , johns hopkins university , massachusetts institute of technology , northwestern university , princeton university , rice university , swarthmore college , university of chicago , university of notre dame , university of pennsylvania , vanderbilt university , williams college , and yale university .
watercross competitions , as with any other reputable competition motor sport , have ambulance and rescue crews nearby in the event of an accident .
as with training , in the event of an incident where lives are lost any advice or assessments carried out by a third party will be under scrutiny as to whether they were a reputable service with adequate qualifications .
" consistent core values dr powell often reiterated the value : our organization does not consist in the fights we have put up or in the open success we have had but rather in the silent influence we have swayed against litigants who for a money gain have sought to blast the reputation of conscientious , painstaking and reputable practitioners knowing or suspecting that they have an easy mark and that to avoid publicity a medical man will often submit to what amounts to blackmail .
his eldest son , aashish khan is also a reputable sarod player .
typically , high - level figure skaters are professionally fitted for their boots and blades at a reputable skate shop in their area .
being surrounded by water , sailing has been one of the most popular sports for years with antigua sailing week and antigua classic yacht regatta being two of the regions most reputable sailing competitions .
the player character is nathan zachary , a man well known in the game world as a reputable ladies ' man and a notorious air pirate .
as these clones have been in south africa for many years , and readily available at reputable stores , it seems nintendo and sega have shown little consideration for piracy in south africa .
it has matured into the market leader in psychic programming and continues to be a reputable brand , and an ever expanding product , although it must be noted that its subject matter , the psychics themselves , have changed from a full cast of high profile psychics in the past , to a collection of newbies and wannabes .
reputable starmakers .
some of his pamphlets were purported to be written by scots , misleading even reputable historians into quoting them as evidence of scottish opinion of the time .
the articles are posted on several reputable websites and printed magazines around the world , such as decibel and legacy magazines .
