after resigning from provincial politics , mclure was elected to parliament as a conservative party member at the queen 's riding in the 1930 federal election .
coach fatih terim announced he would be resigning his post following their failure to qualify .
emerson has given some thought to resigning over the furor , but told cbc news in vancouver on february 10 that he would not resign or run in a byelection .
in addition to resigning from nbc in protest of what she felt was commercialism over education , she would never advertise products a child could not use and would never advertise toys she felt glorified violence .
however , while gibson and belcher were resigning in disgrace , stanley and his wife were enjoying their notoriety and celebrity , attending the chelsea arts ball at new year .
soon after resigning from the leadeship of pnp , mir gul khan 's health deteriorated and he was diagnosed with lung cancer .
after resigning as prime minister , bárdossy became chairman of the fascist united christian national league in 1943 .
after resigning at holy cross in 1964 , dr. anderson was named the chief of outpatient services at the veterans administration medical center in rutland , massachusetts .
jurgens had by this stage become disillusioned with the immense amount of group planning and constant changes of ideas and directions and took this as the last straw , resigning from the title .
in 1259 henry iii signed the treaty of paris resigning his claim to the duchy of normandy except the channel islands .
devine changed his mind about resigning his irish coaching job ..
for this reason , i am resigning from the office of governor . "
brazeau was criticized for his initially stated intention to serve in the senate and concurrently remain national chief of the cap thus collecting two publicly - funded six - figure salaries , a decision which he subsequently retreated from by resigning as cap chief .
we can not endure the infamy and guilt of resigning succeeding generations to that wretchedness which inevitably awaits them if we basely entail hereditary bondage upon them .
after resigning from bradford city he returned to tyneside and became a journalist with the evening chronicle .
that same day , huckabee said that attorney general alberto gonzales is " creating a major distraction for the president and for the administration and for the republican party , " and suggested that perhaps gonzales should consider resigning due to the current controversy surrounding him .
promoted admiral in 1778 , he was created viscount mount edgcumbe and valletort in 1781 , and remained captain of the gentleman pensioners until resigning in 1782 , when he was appointed vice - admiral of cornwall .
it was from these beginnings that he started to work full time on promoting educational projects , resigning from his curacy in 1850 .
kibbutz born ehud barak was prime minister from 1999 to 2001 , and david ben gurion lived most of his life in tel aviv , but joined kibbutz sde boker in the negev after resigning from prime minister in 1963 .
in 1947 when the first cabinet of ministers was formed with senanayake as prime minister , sir oliver , who had been appointed to the senate of ceylon after resigning from the public service , became the minister of home affairs and rural development .
yin was shocked , and initially considered either resigning or send the imperial banner of peace ( zouyu fan , 騶虞幡 ) to order huan to stop .
he served as governor for slightly more than one year before resigning and leaving office on january 29 , 2006 .
on january 28 , 1983 , he was transfered to the león diocese resigning on febraury 9 , 1987 .
a conservative , he served for almost 28 years until resigning in 1912 .
in 1931 , nehadoma had returned to italy , resigning with a.c. pistoiese .
hackett told the " dayton daily news " his friend mike brautigam , who met him at the airport upon his return , had told him rob portman , congressman since 1993 , was resigning to become united states trade representative and hackett should run for his seat .
he became best known for his term as queensland police commissioner , resigning in protest in 1976 at the corruption then endemic in queensland , and in particular over the appointment by the premier of queensland joh bjelke - petersen of terry lewis , as assistant commissioner .
in resigning before september 17 , 2007 , the democratic party will be able to put an alternate on the november ballot in lieu of hackett .
in may 2003 , he was appointed to the montana supreme court by governor judy martz to replace the resigning justice terry n. trieweiler .
in 1992 , she was elevated to the position of head coach , taking the team to a 69 - 59 - 11 record before resigning in 1997 .
he became bishop of minya , egypt , in 1977 , and remained in that post until resigning in 2002 .
on june 19 , 2007 , graham announced he would be resigning his seat effective july 2 , 2007 , thus allowing former ontario new democratic party premier and liberal party of canada leadership candidate bob rae to contest the riding in a by - election to be called if a general election is not called within six months of that date .
in 1934 he was banned from conducting the premiere of hindemith 's opera " mathis der maler " ; though some sources claim that furtwängler resigned from his post at the berlin opera in protest , it is stated by frederic spotts that he was in fact presented with the bald choice of either resigning all his positions , or being dismissed .
at the conclusion of this story , he and anderson fled the cydonian head on mars and parted ways , orlok for an unknown destination and anderson for deep - space after resigning from the judges of mega - city one .
after resigning himself to perhaps being trapped on tran - ky - ky for the rest of his life , ethan fortune learns that scientists at the outpost of brass monkey have detected a steady warming in the planet ’s atmosphere .
he held his royal post for five years , before resigning it in favour of his eldest son john in 1636 , when he left edinburgh .
herzog considered resigning ( as many other nlrb staff did ) and even consulted with truman about it ( who counseled him to stay on ) .
he then resumed his role as postmaster from 1873 to 1879 , resigning to serve as the magistrate of onslow county .
he claimed that he was recommended to replace the resigning steve allen on nbc 's " tonight show " .
he was reelected in 1998 and became a member of the cabinet until resigning a few years later after alleging corruption within his own party .
a disastrous season followed , despite anelka resigning halfway through the season ( replaced by gordon dalziel ) and his signings either leaving , or having their contracts terminated , raith were relegated to the scottish 2nd division after finishing bottom of the 1st division with just 16 points in the season .
thieu ruled until the final days of the war , resigning in 1975 .
in april 1930 , wallace wade announced that he was resigning his position at alabama and taking the head coaching job at duke university .
in 1811 he was appointed governor of the cape colony and commander of the forces on that station , resigning in 1814 and being succeeded by lord charles somerset .
resigning from parliament in april 1884 , smith returned to melbourne to run his father 's business , wm howard smith and sons ltd.
after resigning from the government she returned to her former job as school principal .
o'reilly called nbc hypocritical for putting supporters of legalizing prostitution in the wake of democratic governor from the state of new york elliot spitzer resigning his post after allegedly engaging in the act in an effort and felt they would not be as defensive if a republican had gotten in trouble .
his son michael b. ( mike ) murphy is a prominent new brunswick trial lawyer and was minister of health and later attorney general , before resigning in january 2010 to return to the practice of law .
he spent ten years working in the australian public service , working in the attorney - general 's department and the environment department before resigning in 2007 .
he only served a year before resigning amidst corruption .
before resigning in 1989 , poole had become the second most powerful person in the province despite never having been elected .
joining the police force of western australia in 1966 , kucera served for 34 years , achieving the rank of assistant commissioner before resigning to enter politics in 2001 after being recruited by then premier geoff gallop .
in 1896 he was appointed judge of the first district court in newark , resigning in 1899 .
however she only served a half year in congress , resigning in october 2008 and was replaced by teresa garcía sena .
the band was signed by warner bros. records in 2000 , due in large part to the constant recommendations of jeff blue , who had joined the label after resigning from zomba .
neil had joined quantel in 1980 and played a key part in the design of many classic quantel products including harry , henry , mirage and clipbox as well as the later generationq family of products before resigning in january 2008 , to be replaced later in the year by another long - standing quantel employee simon rogers .
four of the members disagreed with ukup leader robert mccartney 's policy of resigning from the assembly should sinn féin become part of the power - sharing executive .
he continued to teach and publish before resigning shortly before his death in 2000 .
he was formerly an advisory board member of the bruin alumni association , resigning after expressing displeasure with the direction of the group .
he then moved into non - league football with hastings united , leaving when the club had financial difficulties , and then dorchester town , where he spent several years as player , player - manager and manager , resigning when there was no money to renew players ' contracts .
he held the position from august 2003 until mid-2008 , resigning voluntarily and being replaced by lewis booth .
he attempted briefly to revive the raymond council in december 1866 , until resigning command , as a lost cause , in may 1867 .
shorton superintended the progress of the work of building the college , resigning his office before 1517 .
the bears reached the postseason once in meyer 's three seasons , with the veteran coach resigning on december 24 , 1980 .
sheen held this position for three years before resigning and being made the archbishop of the titular see of newport , wales .
william bonk , and anthropologist / archeologist for the university of hawaii , hilo , was a life long participant in the progressive wing of the hawaii democratic party , and frequent critic of the control of the party by land owners and developers , until he publicly resigning his position as an adviser to the governor , and then finally his membership in the hawaii democratic party to support his daughter 's political career and the hawaii green party .
he would change his mind when the team dropped its first four exhibition games , and repeated history by resigning on september 5 , reportedly telling team owner art rooney , " i ca n't win with this bunch of stiffs . "
it was not long before docherty was back in work , taking the manager 's job at derby county in september 1977 , where he stayed for two seasons before resigning in april 1979 .
in 1988 consensus on economic policy amongst the labour leadership finally broke down , with douglas resigning after lange over - ruled his proposed radical flat income - tax .
from 22 february 2004 he was the vice - president of udf , resigning on 16 august 2005 .
after resigning in 1983 he moved back to yorkshire and joined the british airports ' authority board , as well as acting as a consultant to tyne tees television .
after resigning her position as curator of the herbarium she went on to be heavily involved in the development of the " flora of australia " series , directing the project from 1973 to 1977 .
but when the election was called last week , five of the seven senior officers took their revenge on the beleaguered mp by resigning . ” " – the times , may 1987
davis served two terms in the tennessee house of representatives , 1980–1984 , and was later elected to two terms in the tennessee state senate , 1996–2002 , resigning from that body midway through his second term when he was elected to represent the state ’s fourth congressional district in november 2002 , narrowly defeating tullahoma alderman janice bowling .
however , the party 's decision to campaign for election to the federal parliament led to eastwood and four members of the executive resigning , as they felt that the party would divide the vote of those opposed to racial segregation ( the party took the decision at the same time as rejecting a move to allow african members ) .
on march 24 , 2009 , scott announced that he was resigning as wta chief in order to take up a new position as the commissioner of the pacific-10 conference on july 1 , 2009 .
before this game the score was tied at 2½-2½. kasparov had won the first game , lost the second game ( after resigning in a drawn position ) and drawn games 3 , 4 and 5 after having advantageous positions in all three .
jack and the juniors ca n't cope with her daytime - absence and trick jacky into resigning by staging a prank - call suggesting that the girl from across the road is around expressing an overwhelming interest in jack .
he served as sub - lieutenant in the regiment , resigning his commission in 1876 .
adamson managed them for just two seasons before resigning to move to leeds united .
in 1990 , she announced she was resigning over the savings and loan crisis , in order to set an example . instead of following her lead , most assumed she was dying .
merrimon cuninggim ( 1911?-1995 ) was a methodist minister , president of salem college in north carolina from 1976 to 1979 , thirteen years executive director of the danforth foundation before resigning in protest in 1973 , and dean of perkins school of theology ( 1951 - 1960 ) at southern methodist university where in 1952 he successfully led the drive to racially integrate .
the organization is best known for putting events into motion that led to steve rogers temporarily resigning as captain america and john walker 's recruitment and training to take over the role .
he stayed in that capacity for 22 years before resigning in october 2008 at the age of 74 .
he worked as a customer service manager at bt , before resigning to study journalism at the university of central lancashire , preston from 2001 - 2002 .
glynn is then seen drunk in his office distraught over the bad things that have happened and then considers resigning as warden of oz .
after resigning from the assembly early in 1993 , he became the associate dean for administration and development , uc san francisco - fresno medical education program .
first elected as a conservative party mp in 1983 , she was a junior health minister for two years , before resigning in 1988 over the controversy over salmonella in eggs .
one of the english volunteers in the french army in 1654 , bertie subsequently served as a cornet in the royal horse guards in 1661 , and was promoted to lieutenant in 1667 and captain from 1676 until resigning in 1679 .
later , sanford claimed no intention of resigning , even though some state officials and citizens alike have called for his resignation .
having originally floated the idea of resigning in mid-2006 , rove opted to stay with the white house through the 2006 mid - term elections and a number of policy debates in the first half of 2007 .
an associate of liam mellowes , feeney wrote to his parish priest stating that he was resigning to become chaplin for the volunteers .
after resigning from the government in 1939 , he was county governor of telemark from 1939 to 1940 , and again from 1945 to 1959 .
he served six months of a six - year term , resigning in december 1999 .
he served as a director of the academy of music in 1870 and its president in 1872 , resigning in 1884 .
macdonald considered resigning as well and allowing a party government to take office but was persuaded to remain , even though his health was now in decline .
she panned the " meandering , conversational melodies ba[c]ked by innocuous accompaniments " , and the " tasteful but bland production " , and concluded : " winston , who wants the big wedding , observes , ' resigning oneself to small is sad . requesting it is tragic . '
he has joined bharatiya janata party after resigning from bjd .
in 1993 , altman returned to washington dc to serve as the deputy secretary of the us treasury , before resigning in 1994 because of a record - keeping scandal .
he served less than a year before resigning and returned to private life .
lisa then implies that she is resigning her position , stating to rick that " one admiral hunter is enough for the fleet . "
roy walker was not fired as glentoran manager , and the resulting days became a media circus at the club , with some directors resigning .
justman served as star trek 's co - producer during the first 14 episodes of its third season before resigning due to his displeasure at the show 's decline in production and script quality as well as what he regarded as the show 's poor treatment by nbc which had slashed its budget during the third season .
shortly thereafter , another leadership candidate , former minister dimitris avramopoulos announced he was resigning his candidacy and would support samaras instead .
resigning his ministerial duties in 1830 , from failing health , he lived at birmingham , still continuing his studies , and publishing .
dyson was chair of the board of trustees of the design museum , " the first in the world to showcase design of the manufactured object " , until suddenly resigning in september 2004 .
other sinecures operate as legal fictions , such as the british office of crown steward and bailiff of the chiltern hundreds , used as a legal excuse for resigning from parliament .
brogden later reversed his previously stated intention of remaining a member of parliament , resigning from politics altogether on 28 september .
beneš , after ceding the sudetenland and resigning , asks theo to fly him to london ( as he requires the services of a pilot — and his action of ceding theo over will carry no weight in the united kingdom ) ; theo 's two sons accompany them on the flight .
resigning the south carolina teaching position she had taken up on college graduation in 1938 , she sought out bethune in washington , d.c. for assistance in obtaining employment in the burgeoning defense industry .
he was elected as a conservative member of parliament for east somerset at the 1868 general election , resigning in 1879 by becoming steward of the manor of northstead .
in 1990 , serrano won a special election for a house of representatives seat vacated by resigning congressman robert garcía and has thereafter been reelected , usually by over 90 percent of the vote , in what is considered one of the safest seats in congress .
however , by the time of the april 2004 legislative election , retired general susilo bambang yudhoyono had taken the lead from megawati after resigning from her cabinet in march .
from 1977–1981 glotz was a senator for science and research in the state of berlin , and became a member of the parliament again in 1983 , resigning in 1996 .
he then taught at southern methodist university and wrote books , resigning to assist his brother 's unsuccessful bid for mississippi governor .
the ministry saw one change during its lifetime , with minister for labour and administrative services tom harris resigning from the ministry on 30 april 1987 .
he studied at vienna 's technical military academy and subsequently ( 1895 - 1906 ) served with the austrian army , resigning after reaching the rank of captain .
he was re - elected at the 2001 state election before resigning midway through his term in march 2003 citing poor health .
he was then the director of aetat from 2001 to 2002 , before resigning to return to the ministries .
the condition - cloutier resigning with the los angeles kings - has been verified on september 27 , 2006 .
resigning his trinity hall fellowship to marry frances hayles in 1793 , he became rector of south weald the following year .
since resigning as chief executive officer in 2001 , otten has been involved in numerous other businesses and industries , including major league baseball 's boston red sox .
resigning from his position as the broncos ' chief executive , he became ceo of the organisation known as super league in the war for rugby league in australia .
fauntroy sat on the city council for two years , resigning when his commitments as director of micco began to take all of his time .
filbinger also had to relinquish his offices in the federal party , resigning as deputy chairman in 1978 and giving up his seat on the executive board in 1981 .
after having approached five ministers about resigning from their offices and being refused by each one , the premier returned to campbell on 24 november and requested the termination of the commissions of three of the five ministers , to which campbell agreed .
following defeat to england in the quarter - finals of the 2007 rugby world cup , connolly announced he was resigning as head - coach .
karroubi responded in an open letter , resigning from all his political posts , including that as adviser to the supreme leader and as a member of expediency discernment council , both of which he had been appointed to by khamenei .
after the reorganization of the university of würzburg , 1803 - 4 , he was appointed chief librarian , resigning the professorship of theology in 1805 .
garfield was later seen resigning from being governor - elect on tv .
all resigning directors have also resigned from subsidiary boards .
but wallace was not given the swans job and it went to then - interim coach paul roos , despite wallace resigning as coach of the bulldogs with one match remaining in the season .
sonthaya kunplome was reported to have led 20 members of the chonburi faction in resigning from the party .
o'neill served as an appellate judge on the ohio eleventh district court of appeals from 1997–2007 , resigning to run for congress .
the rev. samuel thornton was selected and consecrated in may 1875 and perry abandoned his intention of returning to melbourne , resigning early in 1876 .
resigning in october 1946 , bycroft resumed his footballing career full time until he retired in 1952 .
in 1061 , abu - bakr ibn - umar made a division of the power he had established , handing over the more - settled parts to his cousin yusuf ibn tashfin , as viceroy , resigning to him also his favourite wife zainab .
after resigning from parliament at the 1996 elections , falloon worked with at - risk children and pursued business interests , such as becoming chairman or wairarapa winery " lintz estate " .
his health also resulted in his resigning his office in the following year , though his actions also had something to do with his scruples about serving longer under napoleon , when the latter , in violation of strict republican principles , became consul for life .
he gave up the idea of ever having a career in the church and decided to dedicate himself to the work of the theosophical society and serving as general secretary of the society in england and wales from 1911 - 1913 , resigning only to join the british jurisdiction of the co - masonic order .
he also served as an official and was fifa - general secretary from 1932 until resigning in 1951
nogan was appointed as manager of whitby town in june 2006 before resigning in october 2007 .
macphail would also serve in world war ii , resigning on september 23 , 1942 as president of the brooklyn dodgers to accept a commission in the united states army .
if the employer alleges that the employer has affirmed a breach by not resigning , the employee could point out that no consideration was paid for it and so no contract change has been accepted .
however , dalglish 's reign was also synonymous with the hillsborough disaster and was one of the reasons for dalglish resigning on 22 february 1991 .
he made just twenty lancashire combination league appearances for the latics and scored five league goals before resigning on new year 's day 1959 .
this resulted in jack kilbourne kay , the youngest son , resigning his commission in the army to take up a directorship in the company in 1926 .
he was elected member of parliament for east perthshire in 1889 , resigning in 1903 by becoming steward of the manor of northstead .
he told the union 's executive board on october 29 that he was considering resigning .
it ended with the communist government resigning without bloodshed .
buchan lasted less than four months at turf moor , resigning on 10 october 1985 ..
danton was a member ; resigning as minister of justice , he took a prominent part in the deliberations and proceedings of the convention .
as a result were relegated to division three where they remained until resigning from the isthmian league at the end of the 1993 - 94 season despite finishing 8th spot .
he continued as a member until resigning in october 1854 , but was elected to the council for ripon , hampden , grenville and polwarth province at the january 1855 election .
offered a post as clerk in the custom house , he resigned his editorial position , resuming it in 1820 , and resigning it again in 1845 .
he was appointed lord president of the court of session on resigning the office of lord clerk register .
after active duty in world war i , he continued to take part in training until resigning from the reserve 1 july 1932 .
he served only two years as mp , resigning by becoming steward of the manor of northstead in 1894 .
1 ) # 109 , hawkman had been ordered back to thanagar , thus resigning from the jla .
in 2002 , after resigning from his chairman position and leaving his party , he pursued master degree in department of political studies , school of oriental and african studies .
this was legal as any member of the cabinet could re - enter the cabinet provided they did so within a month of resigning their previous position .
he was appointed glenavon manager soon after resigning as bangor manager .
lewis , however , gradually distanced himself from the cio , finally resigning as its head and then withdrawing the united mine workers from it in 1942 .
at the all - star break , the mavericks acquired keith van horn for calvin booth and henderson , the latter resigning only days later .
a member of the israeli knesset representing the balad party from 1996 until resigning in april 2007 , bishara is still the leader of that party .
he was elected as a liberal member of parliament for caithness in 1841 , resigning in 1869 by becoming steward of the manor of northstead .
though he had publicly speculated about resigning at the 2005 election , he later announced that he would indeed re - contest the seat after being rebuked by martin , and was easily re - elected for a third full term .
after resigning from his post as minister , he settled in washington , d.c. , and practiced law until his death at age 71 .
after resigning in 1956 , smith moved to his ranch in colorado to pursue life as a rancher , but the next year president eisenhower asked him to head the united states agency for international development and he returned to washington , d. c. in that capacity until his resignation in 1959 .
a week after the election , downey announced that he was resigning for health reasons .
on resigning this office he was knighted .
on 5 september 2005 , he announced that he was suffering from lung cancer , but said that he would not be resigning from the post of president .
he was arrested on 23 september at ville d'avray , near paris , and taken before the revolutionary tribunal , where he was accused of having conspired for the restoration of the bourbon monarchy , and of having insulted national representation by resigning his position in the convention .
this resulted in klemens von metternich , the austrian prince and foreign minister , resigning .
bryden served as president and ceo of the company before resigning in 2004 .
muntianas was speaker of the seimas from 2006 until resigning on 1 april 2008 .
in the january 1910 general election he stood again and succeeded in regaining his seat where he remained until resigning in 1922 .
when he took his seat in september objection was taken to claims of parliamentary corruption he had made when resigning from parliament in 1894 , and sir alexander stuart moved a resolution affirming that the words he had used were a gross libel on the house .
the resigning ministers , most of whom were considered supporters of yusuf , said that hussein had not consulted them about habeeb 's dismissal ; they also criticized hussein for failing to present a budget to parliament .
on march 24 2006 , after resigning but before admitting his guilt , he claimed that " virtually every other alleged instance of plagiarism that i ’ve seen comes from a single semester ’s worth of pieces that were printed under my name at my college paper , the flat hat , when i was 17 . "
he led the bulldogs to a 16 - 17 - 2 record before resigning in 1951 .
by now the club was in severe financial difficulties , with a number of directors resigning and debts exceeding £ 100,000 .
weinberger clashed with congress over the cuts , resigning in late 1987 , and was succeeded by the more pragmatic frank carlucci .
after the 2001 general election , the department of social security was abolished and replaced with the new department for work and pensions , which also took employment away from the education portfolio , darling headed the new department until 2002 when he was transferred to the department for transport , in the wake of his predecessor stephen byers resigning .
godfrey announced in november , 2007 , that he would be resigning his seat in parliament on july 1 , 2008 in order to accept a position as headmaster of toronto french school and would leave earlier if an election were called before that date .
he became a director of bath city in 1975 , resigning from the board in 1982 .
after resigning as secretary of the vthc in 2005 he became the national executive officer of the united firefighters union of australia .
in resigning his seat , he claimed that he had been victimised and assaulted by members of militant tendency .
he briefly considered resigning his position with the un and returning to the soviet union in an attempt to change the system from within , but he soon came to the realization that it would have been an impossible task .
his 2007 candidacy attracted some controversy , as he was nominated just weeks after resigning from the city council 's planning committee for health reasons .
after resigning his seat he was master in lunacy until 1896 , becoming a bencher in 1892 .
he was elected as a liberal member of parliament for stockton - on - tees in 1868 , resigning in 1888 by becoming steward of the manor of northstead .
at the end of season 2005/06 despite other clubs resigning , feltham was relegated into division one of the combined counties league .
after resigning philips returned to columbus , georgia , and his banking career .
co - leader tariana turia formed the māori party after resigning from the labour party where she had been a cabinet minister in the fifth labour - led government .
however , hours later , confusion arose when sinnott denied resigning .
in 1964 , john glenn announced that he was resigning from the space program to run against incumbent senator stephen m. young in the democratic primary , but he was forced to withdraw when he hit his head on a bathtub .
with li mi insisting on resigning , emperor suzong allowed him to return to hermit life at mount heng , and had the local government there build him a hermitage and supply him with supplies due a high level official ( of the third rank ) .
resigning hatfield in the latter year , he was presented to the rectory of blithfield , staffordshire , and on 2 january 1752 he was instituted to the lower mediety of malpas , cheshire , where he thenceforth resided .
after resigning from the housing authority , wong started to fade out from hong kong politics and retired from the executive council in 2002 .
despite resigning in august 1991 the galway board reinstated him within days .
he also said that jew had no intention of resigning despite calls from mayor gavin newsom asking him to resign .
as of 8 april 1947 , he is also shown resigning his commission , which may indicate he returned to duty after the 1942 resignation .
ngom 's spokesman , in turn , compared ndiaye to a general blaming his troops for losing a battle , and he said that ndiaye should take responsibility for the defeat by resigning from his government and party positions .
after he was traded , he was going to get bought out by the nets and resign with the mavericks , but since stackhouse did not keep this under the table , the league banned stackhouse from resigning with the mavericks after a buyout , so the trade never happened with stackhouse a part of it .
kyle chapman then led the party until resigning as leader in 2005 , with bolton rejoining in 2004 .
in august 2003 another internal disruption occurred with two members of bod , firefighter fred streed and former economics professor robert demarais resigning .
briefly considered to replace dick todd as head coach of the washington redskins , strader spent the 1952 nfl season as an assistant coach and scout with the 49ers before resigning on march 28 , 1953 .
in 2003 , the american association of university professors ( aaup ) found that president taylor coerced professor robert day into resigning because he had opposed taylor 's proposed staff layoffs on an off - campus website .
resigning this office in 1879 , he was appointed attorney - general at the vienna court of cassation , which position he held until his death .
during the japanese location filming sean connery announced that he was resigning from the role of bond ; however , connery did later return in " diamonds are forever " and the non eon bond film " never say never again " .
edwin augustus also served as commodore of the nyyc , resigning in 1866 .
he afterwards removed to new burlington street , where he established himself as a publisher , resigning the conduit street library to messrs saunders & otley .
jullien only remained in that post for one day , resigning on april 20 .
having failed to persuade the other beatles to choose eastman , mccartney " stormed out of the meeting , resigning from the apple board " .
the u.s. embargo on cuba will remain in place despite fidel castro 's announcement that he 's resigning as cuba 's leader , deputy secretary of state john negroponte said february 19 , 2008 .
after resigning from the railroad business , mouton took up farming sugar cane in lafayette parish , louisiana .
however , she criticized clinton for not resigning after the monica lewinsky scandal , which she says led to america being " blindsided by 11 . " in the 2008 u.s. presidential election , paglia supported barack obama .
caruso lombardi was in charge of argentinos juniors until resigning five games into the apertura 2007 tournament despite masterminding a 3 - 2 win over boca juniors only three weeks previously .
on november 13 , 2009 , pollack announced on his twitter feed that he was resigning as commissioner .
his threat resulted in the defence minister a key presidential ally resigning .
in 1099 , he entered the monastery of monte cassino , but without resigning his see or severing his relations with the outside world .
he served in this position for a two year period , resigning in 1959 , to accept an appointment to the united states bankruptcy court .
bale 's father was very supportive of his son 's acting , resigning from his job as a commercial pilot to travel and manage bale 's burgeoning career .
upon resigning his commission fleet accepted a position with gallaudet aircraft company .
sills served an unusually long term as president , finally resigning in 1952 , widely regarded as one of the most prominent and amiable college presidents in bowdoin 's over 200 year history .
after resigning her post as the chief minister of the australian capital territory , carnell was elected as a director on the national roads and motorists ' association ( nrma ) board of directors ( 2001 - 2002 ) .
after resigning from the army in 1777 , he pursued a career as an artist .
amid reports of his dismissal he said he was resigning . "
though he was again elected a deputy in 1827 , he played no further part in public affairs , finally resigning in 1829 .
louis - philippe finally tricked laffitte into resigning by having his minister of foreign affairs , horace sébastiani , pass him a note written by the french ambassador to vienna , marshal maison , and which had arrived in paris on 4 march 1831 , which announced an imminent austrian intervention in italy .
he served as state judge advocate general and eventually adjutant general , before resigning over a conflict with governor myron clark in 1855 .
the condition - dan cloutier resigning with the los angeles kings - has been verified on september 27 , 2006 .
resigning from both offices in 1882 , he returned to his home at sorel .
he was hired as chief general manager of the toronto transit commission in 1987 , and served in that position until resigning in early 1995 to seek political office .
he would be the last prime minister of the 1st republic , resigning two days after the 28 may 1926 military movement .
the defense attorneys considered resigning when they determined that the committee was biased against the defendants , but some of the defendants ' most prominent supporters , including harvard law professor felix frankfurter and judge julian w. mack of the u.s. circuit court of appeals , persuaded them to stay because lowell " was not entirely hopeless . "
towards the end of 1930 , he did the extraordinary thing of resigning his vice - chancellorship in protest against the repressive policy of the government of india in arresting the great leaders of congress salt satyagraha movement .
after resigning in late 2003 , he was replaced by james murdoch , and left news corp in april 2004 .
collins was considering resigning the role but eventually wagner agreed to change character so people could like her .
he sat in the chamber of deputies in june - july 1990 before resigning , and again was a member of that body from 1992 until december 2007 , when he resigned .
when the treasury ministers peter thorneycroft , enoch powell and nigel birch resigned in 1958 after failing to win backing for spending cuts , hirst said he was considering resigning the conservative whip in sympathy with them .
soon afterwards , he moved to belfast to manage a building society branch office in city , resigning in 1989 to pursue full - time religious work .
the first danish landsting election of 1920 was held on 10 august 1920 , with the exceptions that the seats elected by the resigning parliament were elected on 26 june , the faroese member was elected on 23 august , and the electors that elected the candidates standing in the constituencies were elected on 30 july .
resigning as an assistant district officer in malacca in his late 30s , ho left for the united kingdom where he pursued his law degree , being called as a barrister of the lincon 's inn in england at the age of 43 .
huff managed only eight games , finishing with a career 2 - 6 ( .250 ) managerial record , before resigning on may 1 , 1907 , to return to his old job .
after the war he returned to charterhouse , resigning in 1921 in order to join the first everest expedition .
the zibel memo detailed ethical violations by members of the supreme court witnessed by the author ; which surrounded the conduct of justice w. steven t. thayer iii in the feld ’s case and the appeal of thayer v. thayer ( his own divorce ) and resulted in the criminal investigation of thayer , which resulted in thayer resigning to avoid prosecution .
during may 2007 the squad was rebuilt , with club captain scott basiuk and forwards matt rich , k. c. timmons , adam walker , brett clouthier and defenceman simon mangos all resigning to tony hand 's team as well as the additions of rhys mcwilliams from the solihull barons , jeff macmillan from the echl 's phoenix roadrunners and clinching the signing of former nhl player scott fankhouser as first choice goaltender .
on resigning from the cabinet , hewitt was asked by the prime minister to head an eu manifesto group , developing european policy for the next general election manifesto .
the company 's stock reached a low of $ 44 in 1928 , and during a board meeting on december 12 , 1928 , william was pressed into resigning as president , but remained chairman of the board .
in san francisco , bierce received the rank of brevet major before resigning from the army .
chisholm 's unexpected resignation immediately following the election led to a period of internal party strife , with new leader helen macdonald , a former cape breton mla , resigning after barely a year .
on october 30 , 2009 , david wise announced that he was resigning from rare .
he held his seat in subsequent elections , but in 1972 he refused to join the other uup mps in resigning the conservative party whip .
