rather than the scandal - ridden young woman of her youth , which she wrote about in the " tour " , she is now a demure , respectable , middle - aged woman .
on september 9 , 1863 , the 22nd was reinforced by 200 draftees , once again fielding respectable numbers .
he scored a respectable 5 pts out of 9 .
seidel then chose to run for vice president of the united states on the socialist ticket with eugene v. debs , and the pair won a respectable 901,551 votes in the 1912 presidential election ( 6% of the total ) .
in the event the turnout was quite respectable in mashonaland , although somewhat depressed in manicaland and victoria .
" just as his father had worked his way up from poverty into respectable society , balzac considered toil and effort his real mark of nobility .
bart 's next two musicals , " blitz ! " ( 1962 ) ( the song " far away " produced another hit for shirley bassey ) and " maggie may " ( 1964 ) , had respectable west end runs ( " blitz ! " , at the time london 's most expensive musical ever , had a run of 568 performances ) ; but " twang ! " ( 1965 ) , a musical based on the robin hood legend , was a notorious flop and " la strada " ( 1969 ) , which opened on broadway in new york city , closed after only one performance .
despite a number of setbacks due to injury and illness , the girls placed a respectable 8th place and managed to beat rival southwest dekalb .
nevertheless , the album was a respectable hit on its own going 3xplatinum in the us only and selling approximatelly 6 million copies worldwide .
stories about hipparchia appearing in public everywhere with crates are mentioned precisely because respectable women did not behave in that way .
the cubs , despite a respectable 92 - 70 record , would be remembered for having lost a remarkable 17½ games in the standings to the mets in the last quarter of the season .
the first serie a championship played by genoa in 12 years saw it finishing at a respectable tenth place , right after the " big ones " of italian football .
now appeared " a feeling that there was once a time when brazil was more respectable , more honest , and more powerful . "
from a respectable 11th in 1987 - 88 they finished one place off the bottom next season and were rock - bottom of division 2 north in 89 - 90 .
a vivacious and popular young woman even though she did n't drink or smoke , kuhn was taught by her parents to always do what was " respectable " and to " marry well , " which meant she was to marry a man with " a good education " and " social status " like her own .
although reasonably fast ( bf 110c about 340 mph [ 547 km / h ] ) and possessing a respectable combat radius as well as carrying a heavy armament of two 20 mm m cannon and four 7.92 mm mg 17s concentrated in the forward fuselage , along with a single 7.92 mm mg 15 mounted for rear defence in the rear cockpit , the 110 was only slightly more manoeuvrable than the bombers they were meant to escort .
he called the new supreme law of the land " the best that could meet the unanimous concurrence of the states in convention ; it was done by bargain and compromise , yet , notwithstanding its imperfections , on the adoption of it depends ( in my feeble judgment ) whether we shall become a respectable nation , or a people torn to pieces ... and rendered contemptible for ages . "
kalyani 's father tells him she is no less than anybody and should make it her mission to take the flight ( udaan ) to a respectable position in the society .
zubeida was one of indian cinema 's earliest superstars and among the few girls who entered films at a time when it was n't considered an appropriate profession for girls from respectable families let alone royalty .
as a result , the fielding of a respectable hoplite army without mercenaries or freed helots was difficult .
ap courses require students to score at a certain level on its respectable exam in order to receive college credit .
as many of the men were supposedly respectable married men , they would often give clayton money , rather than risk him telling their wives .
in 1786 he published " an inquiry into the secondary causes which mr gibbon has assigned for the rapid growth of christianity " ( dutch translation , utrecht , 1793 ) , one of the most respectable of the very many replies which were made to the famous 15th and 16th chapters of the " decline and fall of the roman empire " .
despite a career earned run average of 4.22 in the m 's farm system , in , he managed to bring that down to a far more respectable 2.81 his first season with the richmond braves .
the team took a bronze medal , with matt finishing a respectable thirteenth individually on the bridgewater canal
in the 2005 focus , output is a respectable 136 ps ( 134 hp/100 kw ) .
according to a description in sanskrit epic , ' mahabharat ' the word vadhusar was first used by lord brahma himself for the tears of ' mata puloma',wife of the respectable rishi ' bhrugu ' , and mother of rishi chavyan . '
during the 2006 poll 100 players who shook the kop compiled by the over 110,000 reds worldwide voted for their top 100 players of all time with johnston coming in a very respectable 59th , not bad for a player who was once branded by jack charlton , whilst he was a youngster at middlesbrough , as " the worst footballer i have ever seen , " .
" first , i have to say that during the three years i was involved with that harvard study , lsd was not only legal but respectable .
the cb 350 's reliability , respectable power and handling ensured its popularity even to this day .
erasmus enrolled with john lizars , a " charming " and respectable surgeon on the other side of surgeon 's square from his chief rival as a private tutor , the flamboyant robert knox who two years later became embroiled with the body - snatchers burke and hare .
he was born into a fairly poor but respectable family .
after having sold a respectable ( but far from commercially successful ) , 100,000 albums for 4ad from 1990 through 2002 , the band was dropped by the label , leaving the band 's future in doubt .
there in just 25.8 mpg green averaged 17.7 ppg to go with 2.7 rpg , 1.8 apg , 1 spg.5 bpg , and a respectable 2.2 topg .
by 1987–1988 however it was beginning to generate respectable numbers : it was still in 10th place but achieved a 4.9 rating , the highest in the history of the show .
he becomes engaged to the daughter of an impoverished aristocratic family , in order to make himself respectable .
" get lost ! " aired to respectable ratings – averaging 10.9 million viewers across its run – and plater soon began work on a sequel .
amazingly , the veterans tal , smyslov and polugaevsky participated once more and again turned in respectable performances .
( lawson ) the treatment of the heroine 's alcoholism is also unusual : a " perspective on female alcoholism unmitigated by maternalism , poverty or wandering husbands [ that was thought ] necessary to a credibly sympathetic presentation of a " respectable " female alcoholic " .
the school uses textbooks and main references from respectable world publishers .
hill 's split time was faster than second place ( steve peat , who raced in the dry ) , but a fall later in his run meant the aussie ended up in a very respectable third position , just 1.63sec off first place rider matti lehikoinen , who also completed his final run in the dry .
talby and scott find wild jack , but the man tells the pair that he does not have the money anymore , as he was double - crossed by the seemingly respectable citizens of clifton .
the next were the famosae ( literal meaning : soiled doves from respectable family ) , mostly the daughters and even wives of the wealthy families who enjoyed sex for its own sake .
chomsky was not the first person to suggest that all languages had certain fundamental things in common ( he quotes philosophers writing several centuries ago who had the same basic idea ) , but he helped to make the innateness theory respectable after a period dominated by more behaviorist attitudes towards language .
their ship , the " narada " , is purely practical with visible mechanics as it is a " working ship " , unlike the " enterprise " crew who give a respectable presentation on behalf of the federation .
the b - side " respectable " is a cover from the isley brothers .
later in the season , he took his maiden 10 wicket haul against kent , and finished the season with a respectable 71 wickets at 27.01 .
stephenson , averaging a respectable 88 , missed a dart to take the set before ' the man ' wrapped up the game , averaging a strong 100.80 in the process .
many ulema have left behind them only a lifetime of mediating disputes and giving sermons ; their respectable contributions did not include authorship .
aftab habib lifted leicestershire to a more respectable score , but they were still 132 for 6 at close on day 2 , with half the second day 's play lost due to rain .
the term " pea picker " is used to distinguish a group as a lower social class from some other similar group , such as the " pea - picking " smiths , as opposed to the " respectable " smiths .
in contrast to many of his fellow centauri , who often appear to be arrogant and egotistical , vir is a truly modest , even humble , figure who initially wants only to make his family proud of him and to hold a respectable , personally satisfying job .
in the away leg , norway got a respectable 2–1 defeat , which provided some cautious optimism before the return leg at ullevaal .
in his shipboard diary for 9 august 1492 , christopher columbus wrote that he " had the assurance of many respectable castilian inhabitants of the island of el hierro , who were at gomera with doña inez peraza , mother of guillen peraza , later first count of gomera , that every year they saw land to the west of gomera , and others of gomera affirmed the same on oath .
many years pass ; catherine refuses two respectable offers of marriage and grows into a middle aged spinster .
the mattachine society and daughters of bilitis promoted non - confrontational education for homosexuals and heterosexuals , hoping to prove that homosexuals were respectable and normal .
the twin dual cam v-6 is the most respectable upgrade in the z34 .
in other words liberal governments did not even believe in their mission , that theirs was a respectable duty , but rather they believed that anyone who disagreed with them and decided to attack the state , whether with good or ill intentions , had the same right as they did to defend it .
on october 15 , wheaton was one of the speakers at “ a large and respectable meeting of citizens ” held at the congregational church to make “ common cause , in view of various arrests rumored to have been made , or to be made under the fugitive slave act , and on charges of treason .
running tanneries and working with leather was traditionally not considered a respectable profession among upper - caste hindus , and work was relegated to lower caste " muchis " and " chamars " .
krieg 's leadership helped the seahawks compile a respectable 9 - 7 record in 1990 , but they again missed the playoffs .
hackett completed his rise to the top by beating perkins , who took the silver medal in a respectable time under of 15 minutes .
she is extremely well - endowed , much to lina 's disgust and jealousy , and wears very little clothing ( it is characterized in the ova as the " evil sorcerer look " and as an even less respectable sort of look ) .
francis john byrne puts this in the context of the ( wider ) gaelicization of pictland in the 9th century , and notes how later scottish dynasties such as the lennoxes and the house of stuart also found corc to be a " usefully respectable " gaelic ancestor .
the fully - loaded 9845 ran at about 25 mips , a respectable figure for the era , but not competitive with high - end supercomputers .
the 301 competed in the class in terms of fiscal horsepower , and in this context sales of approximately 70,000 during a four year model run were more than respectable .
further co - productions with the adelaide festival centre trust continued with gillian rubinstien 's galax arena and each beach in 1995 and 1997 respectively and the innovative tripple j collaboration , respectable shoes in 1996 .
his time with the dons was marred by injury , though he still managed a respectable goal tally , first in the premier league , then the first division following the club 's relegation in 2000 .
today , the centre is active and busy , with various events such as live bands and concerts ensuring a respectable number of visitors .
in later years ( after 1496 ) he had overstrained the resources of his state , and at cremona had ordered , out of pure expediency , a respectable citizen , who had spoken against the new taxes , to be quietly strangled .
therefore the antireligious campaign needed to be conducted under more respectable pretexts , however , the elimination of religion remained a fundamental ideological goal of the state .
herbinger was a noted military theoretician who had won a respectable battlefield reputation during the franco - prussian war , but was quite out of his depth as a field commander in tonkin .
although the defense was awful throughout the season , the offense was respectable in the last 12 games or so .
but of torque helped it hit in around 8 seconds , and go on to a respectable top speed .
still frame " , also managed to achieve # 1 spot on the us mainstream rock chart , and a respectable # 3 on the modern rock tracks chart .
on weekends , attendance tended to be respectable , around the 7–8,000 mark , but on weekdays , the spiders often struggled to draw more than 2,500 .
however , starting around 2007 , respectable office space started to appear on katwe 's main streets .
back at their ( quite respectable ) hollywood apartment they find $ 60,000 inside the suitcase .
her scandal - mongering had eliminated the last of her respectable friends , and people visited her only because they could be sure to find a pipe of opium or a sniff of cocaine . "
the club averaged a respectable 17,871 fans per game with a high of 32,011 for their victory over the ottawa rough riders .
he played a more respectable 31 games in 2005–06 , picking up three goals - and one red card , along the way .
his last broadcast work was the channel 5 sitcom " respectable " , set in a suburban brothel .
during the johnson years , the athletics ' home attendance averaged just under one million per season , respectable numbers for the era , especially in light of the team 's dreadful on - field performance .
todd mccarthy of " variety " said , " conventional , straightforward and very much within what used to be called the tradition of quality , this handsome film is a respectable literary adaptation but lacks dramatic urgency and intriguing undercurrents ...
older models are still fetching respectable sums .
by the early 1960 's the ministry of defence thought the pugwash conferences were " “ now a very respectable organization ” " and the foreign office stated that it had " official blessing " and that any breakthrough may well originate at such gatherings .
the tally is unspectacular , but respectable given the subject matter and restrictive category iii rating .
graeme swann 's 53 lifted nottinghamshire to a somewhat respectable 181 , but batting was easier than nottinghamshire had made it look .
his early style was as a bustling " up and at 'em " type centre forward , and during his time at ayr , he had the more than respectable goal ratio of almost exactly one in three .
though low for his standards , mcnabb put up respectable numbers in 2005 .
he took seriously his instruction from respectable orthodox scholars , and did not waver from them for his long life .
as well as the desired low and midrange performance , the engine is capable of and produces a respectable peak power output of @ 7400 rpm , with maximum torque of @ 3500 rpm , with 90% of the engine 's torque output available from 2750 rpm all the way to the rev limit .
town were crowned champions , while trinity ended the season a respectable fourth .
in spite of negative media attention , the club has had a significant resurgence on field , with its performances being more than respectable .
he finished second with a respectable showing to broyce jacobs .
but john has changed , he 's engaged to settle down with a respectable , younger girl , and , as he tries to convince alma that what they had between them was indeed a " spiritual bond , " she realizes , in any event , it is all too late .
finishing a respectable sixth , but in a slower time than he had hoped .
these words express the deep and respectable knowledge that palaestrio has of the latin language .
ferdinand kayavil was one of them who lifted the school to this respectable position .
the video for the song " batman " ( the album " yu - a - yu " ) reached respectable places on the top charts .
he made a respectable bishop and died on 4 june 863 and was buried in st. alban 's abbey , mainz .
harry began his career as an outfielder / first baseman in for the worcester ruby legs under the surname of stovey instead of his birth name of stowe due to his desire to keep his family from discovering he was making his career at baseball , which was seen at the time as not a respectable profession .
valencienne produces the fan and assures baron zeta of her fidelity by reading out what she had replied to camille 's declaration : ' ich bin eine anständige frau ' ( ' i 'm a respectable wife ' ) ; and all ends happily .
frances mallory 's nephew , rick millikan , became a respectable climber in his own right during the 1960s and 70s .
from 1921 to 1932 , he played occasional first - class games for services and other amateur teams , finishing with 52 first - class career wickets at the respectable average of 21 runs apiece .
aris reached both a respectable 4th place in the greek super league and reaching the greek cup final , where the team was beaten by greek champions olympiacos f.c. with the score of 2 - 0 .
while serving in this role , central collage transformed from a failing four - year college to a respectable two - year junior college .
the coalition endorses and recommends media which they feel is respectable and constructive .
of a respectable family , being a cousin to patrick scougal ( d.1682 ) , bishop of aberdeen , john scougal is said to have been born at leith , where his father had a residence , and where several of his works were still in the town hall in the nineteenth century .
many private investors and respectable institutions ( including merrill lynch , commerzbank , artemis and schroders ) invested in this company more than £ 45 m . timiş sold off the main assets of regal soon after the investments reached the peak , without informing the directors and shareholders and resigned from the function as chief executive of the company .
according to his own account , he was " born of respectable parentage . "
immediately prior to the february 1999 local elections , djibo and some others founded the uni ; its performance in those elections was considered respectable .
all of the vhs releases are now hard to come by and command respectable amounts of money when sold online .
knowing of the doctor 's recent loss , chadwick played the part of a genteel widow " mrs. hoover " who ran a respectable boarding house for women .
he believed that institutes should offer strong academic classes , social interaction , and be housed in permanent and respectable buildings .
she explained to one mumbai reporter that : " i am proud of the fact that i belong to the respectable dharamsinh morarji family .
only the respectable wives of working men could go there .
it was the first respectable claim for that law , out of which came the development of a mathematical theory of static electricity . "
few actors can do such a role , bold yet respectable . "
fallada married suse issel in 1929 and maintained a string of respectable jobs in journalism , working for newspapers and eventually for the publisher of his novels , rowohlt .
under the taliban ’s rule , women who once held respectable positions were now forced to wander around the streets in their burqas selling everything they owned and begging in order to survive .
it was nominated in six categories of the 1964 bafta awards , including best screenplay , and was nominated for the golden lion at the venice film festival in 1963 ; in the early 1970s a sitcom based on the character was quite popular and ran to 25 episodes — a respectable run for a british sitcom , although it has seldom been seen since .
seth holly - born of free african - american parents in the north , he is set in his ways ; never losing his composure and always running a respectable house .
waugh ended the series with 305 tuns at 30.50 and was retained for the tour of new zealand , where he scored a respectable 206 runs at 41.20 in the abbreviated form of the game including two half - centuries .
the hurricanes overcame much difficulty in their first season in the scottish conference , but managed to fulfil all their fixtures and finish in a respectable fifth place in their inaugural season .
and it is made clear in the final chapter that she feels motherhood is more respectable than any other success in any career .
it was a respectable effort from what was effectively an a side , only shivnarine chanderpaul and daren powell regular features in the normal test side .
he ended the first innings on a far more respectable 27 , bowled by jack nash .
he was a decent hitter in the minors , where his batting and on - base averages were both quite respectable .
his family , however was steadfastly respectable .
she performed escort and antisubmarine operations in dangerous battle areas and returned home with a respectable five battle star record .
namath was back for the 1972 season , leading the injury ravaged team to a respectable 7–7 and earning a spot on the afc pro bowl team for leading the nfl in several passing categories ( as an example of how good namath was , in 1972 he passed for 496 yards and 6 touchdowns on 15 completions against the colts and 403 yards against the raiders on monday night ) .
jackie , jr. 's budding relationship with meadow soprano put him at odds with her father and dimeo family street boss tony soprano , and as a result , he tried to maintain the appearance of a respectable college student while drifting further and further into the family business .
city finished a respectable ninth in the inaugural premiership but reid lost his job after only two games of the 1993 - 94 season .
following the measures more restrictive taken by local authorities and the recent decision to renovate the neighborhood slopes ( passage thiaffait , montée de la grande côte ... ) , it seems that the atmosphere of the rue sainte - catherine tends to evolve gradually to a relative calm and gentrification , since many barrs are now closed and some of them are replaced by respectable pubs for middle - class youth , including the shamrock .
she rallied in the final round with a victory against the strong greek grandmaster , vassilios kotronias and finished with a respectable 3.5/9 .
gustaf munch - petersen grew up in a rich and respectable home ; he was son of valfrid palmgren , a swedish born associate professor in swedish at copenhagen university and jon julius munch - petersen , professor in engineering research at the polytechnic school .
goodwife cruff is the most cynical of them all , believing kit is a witch , saying , " no respectable woman could stay afloat like that . "
he has a respectable record of 8 - 3 - 3 .
noel tells marjorie that she 's a " shirley " : a stereotypical jewish - american princess , who will end up as a respectable suburbanite in the end , while he will always be a free - spirited bohemian .
parnassus sells replicas of his theater to make himself respectable looking enough not to frighten his granddaughter .
some women have landed highly respectable careers , and can be seen across bollywood billboards and advertisements .
gardner reported that the whole wright family seemed honest and totally respectable .
other respectable runs included " on a clear day you can see forever " ( 1965 ) and katharine hepburn 's only broadway musical , " coco " ( 1969 ) .
by 1900 harringay had become a respectable outer london suburb with all the land built over and only finsbury park remaining as a hint of its former self .
this look , originally aimed at the respectable young man about town , was translated into popular fashion as the teddy boy style .
through his relationship and talks with wiznat , steinbruck “ suddenly discovered , ” as he told the " washington jewish week " in 1990 , " that religion and faith could be respectable and did not require believing in three impossible things before breakfast every morning . "
i have examined whether women could be better employed : i have found respectable authors who have thought that they had qualities which might carry them to great things , such as imagination , feeling , taste : gifts which they have received from nature .
the income of a head ostler at this time was a respectable amount , enough to ensure that frances keats was not required to work , and therefore considered middle class .
opponents saw this as ignoring the crimes of those who committed the abuse ; others saw it as merely pointing out that this should not taint other priests who live respectable lives .
noble had 18 disposals and 12 the following round when he appeared in a more respectable loss to north melbourne at the mcg .
the political objective of jkim is to struggle , by all means allowed to the subjugated peoples by the un under its general assembly & security council resolutions , to enable the people of jammu kashmir state to exercise their right of self determination and obtain a respectable place in the comity of free nations .
though a respectable actor , lau in the early days was known more for his good looks .
" asharq al - awsat " ( aaa ) was launched in london in 1978 and since it has established itself as one of the most respectable daily arabic newspapers .
by 1907 , however , he and hattie had separated ; she had been pressing him to stop touring and settle down to a respectable trade , while he was unwilling to give up his own livelihood .
iowa managed to bounce back the following year with a very respectable 4 - 2 - 2 record in 1935 behind the play of captain dick crayne and the sensational ozzie simmons .
zborowski had the honour of throwing his gauntlet as the first knight , yet his proposal of a fight was not responded by any respectable nobleman .
he ended his first season having played 23 times , scoring a respectable six goals .
in all matches across the season he took 51 wickets at the respectable average of 26.11 .
receptacle for the respectable " is about simultaneously being in awe of , and being hurt by , a " girl around town " while " it 's not the end of the world ? " is " a romantic song about growing old " . "
angela liong is so far the most respectable of all dance pioneers in singapore .
clarke finished in 9th place , mills finished in 14th , in a respectable 2:22:55.4 , approximately two - and - a - half minutes behind clarke .
he pitched for the class a short season hudson valley renegades in , putting together a respectable 5 - 5 record with a 2.89 era and 1.30 whip in 84 innings .
when fadette comes back , she has become a respectable , clean and good - looking person .
she paired herself with respectable gentlemen and managed her affairs without significant assistance from andy .
john haynes holmes , pastor of the community church , characterized the oxford group movement yesterday as " revivalism for the rich and respectable . "
the saints subsequent promotion saw them placed in bngl division 2 for 1996 , and after a a respectable campaign league restructuring saw them competing in division 1 in 1997 .
the husband and wife were among " respectable - looking young men and women " employed by haskins to travel throughout new england to lure young woment to new york with the promises of work .
he , however , not only enjoyed a considerable degree of the public confidence during his life - time , but left behind him a number of disciples , who for many years maintained a respectable rank in their profession .
he is considerably less given to or adept at wisecracks , maintains a respectable and stable profession as a schoolteacher , and is less self - confident and much more introverted and conflicted than any other murakami protagonist .
four days later latvia earned a respectable draw 0 - 0 against germany to earn their first point in a major tournament .
in 1916 , the george matthews adams service syndicated crosby 's first feature , the daily and sunday comic strip " the clancy kids " , earning crosby a respectable $ 135 a week .
there was a lean spell in the middle of the season with consecutive scores of 1 , 2 , 3 , 0 and 4 , but lathwell responded well with five innings between 45 and 72 and finished with a highly respectable average of 36.75 in first - class cricket .
however , it won a place on rolling stone 's annual 100 best songs of the year , ranking at a respectable # 79 , in the 2006 edition .
he finished the tournament with a respectable 6 - 9 record .
however , in countries where doctors are not available , testers will often be older , respectable women , or whomever can be trusted to search for a hymen .
their debut concert finally took place at kubrick , a well - known bookstore and cinema located in yau ma tei ( which also happens to be workplace of the heroes of ah p 's notorious poems ) , on december 28 , 2008 , and took a more respectable name : " healthy moral christmas party " .
this season also resulted in a respectable mid - table finish although the team was eliminated by hornchurch in the second qualifying round of the fa cup , whilst exiting the fa trophy competition away at swindon supermarine .
the efficiency of a gas turbine reduces dramatically at low power outputs so to achieve respectable fuel economy a gas turbine locomotive needs to be operated as much as possible at full power , with periods of part - load running reduced to a minimum .
dawson proved to be a worthy lyricist and respectable rapper .
he also organised an annual temperance fete as a rival to the houghton feast ( an attempt to establish a " respectable dancing booth " at the feast having failed ) , and was a supporter of the lifeboat society .
mortensgaard needs rosmer 's public support to show that there are prominent , respectable citizens who agree with his policies .
primarily , however , skirts are the customary and respectable mode of dress .
mrs lloyd considered herself fortunate to have married " a beneficed clergyman of respectable character and good position . " the lloyds settled down and had four children .
they are said to be " fair agriculturists and respectable members of society " .
he played in 61 games ( scoring a respectable 11 goals and 15 assists ) during the 1997–98 nhl season for the st. louis blues after signing with the team as a free agent .
jimmy , finished a respectable fourth behind 1990 tour champion jamie tomaino , ken woolley , jr. , and his brother won the race .
the club was moved to the regionalliga nord in 2000 , and after a surprising league title there in 2003 it advanced to the 2nd bundesliga where it has so far delivered very respectable mid - table performances .
ru is considered one of most respectable sources on .
during the early 1980s , allende moved to hollywood , california and became a respectable success in the " movie capital of the world " , with major parts in important productions , playing opposite big names .
of late the " connection between vitamin c and cancer has become a respectable topic " , and it was the subject of a washington dc nih conference in 1990 .
therefore in 1988 , the base engine became a fuel - injected 2.5l , which produced a respectable , and gave the base caravan noteworthy performance among its ( mostly heavier , rear wheel drive ) peers .
in may 2009 , the american state secretary hillary clinton declared that " romania is one of the most trustworthy and respectable partners of the usa " during a visit of the romanian foreign minister .
the triumph of the book , then , is not in outlining edwin 's escape from the respectable bourgeoisie , but in detailing its effect on his life , and his submission to it .
in 1954 he made a respectable race for the u.s. congress , losing to 2nd district republican incumbent glenn robert davis , by a 54 - 46% margin .
he became a traveling salesman or " peddler " travelling throughout pennsylvania on horseback selling household items to housewives and made a respectable living .
unlike his older brother , when released he led a respectable life and lived until 1946 .
this was a respectable newspaper of sindhi language .
study of the occult arts was intellectually respectable in the renaissance , and remained so far into 17th century ( cf .
together , dr. nguyen & mr. scobey raised a sizable amount of funding ( rumored to be over $ 10 m ) from sigma partners and khosla ventures and built up a team of respectable technologists and executives , including long - time electrochromism authorities such as dr. jan isidorsson , who came from the famous electrochromism group at uppsala university .
gwendolen , having an antipathy to marriage , the only respectable way in which a woman could achieve financial security , attempts to avoid working as a governess by pursuing a career in singing or on the stage , but a prominent musician tells her she does not have the talent .
the respectable " featured paul mccartney on " carrot and celery rhythm track " ( a homage to his performance on the beach boys ' " vegetables " ) .
unfortunately , elsewhere , fort wayne suffered : a was the case before , fever at least kept the majority of the scorelines respectable , only losing spectacularly once , 5 - 0 away at chicago fire premier .
you see , those society women stormed my wagon , crawled over the wheels and crowded me off to respectable distance , say .
because gratch is a short - tailed gar , he has respectable intelligence and is able to communicate with richard and richard 's friends .
in a respectable middle - class home , " playboy " magazine and " fanny hill " might be present but would usually be kept out of sight .
he was born in brussels , where he lived his whole life , and was descended from a respectable roman catholic family of especially lawyers from the region of haacht .
he provided fine catching , quality game - calling , and a respectable throwing arm .
men have historically shaped ideas about what is respectable for women in love , sex , and family , and due to the absence of males in a lesbian relationship , frequently rejected the possibility of lesbianism or disregarded it as a valid expression of sexuality .
explaining that the purpose of their article was to give president harry truman 's anti - states'-rights argument respectable scholarly cover in the 1948 presidential campaign ; this explains why , as gutzman showed in virginia 's american revolution :
like the characters in the anime , most respectable japanese chefs and their customers will go out of their way to ensure the freshness and seasonality of the food they are serving or eating .
in addition to a respectable church at bistricoara , the village of ceahlău has a larger 19th century wooden church , with wild swirling spires similar to those at curtea de argeş in argeş county .
lucilla was an influential and respectable woman and she enjoyed her status .
at first they tried showing respectable films but could not compete with the large theater chains .
burroughs and roosevelt 's conservationism made mary slifer 's project respectable to influential people in rochester .
in the " landesliga bayern - mitte " for the first time for the 1966 - 67 season , the club finished in a respectable eleventh spot and repeated this result the season after .
houston went a respectable 12 - 14 on the trip , which saw the astros play in all national league cities except montreal , new york , and pittsburgh .
because many accountants shared plender 's view that secret reserve accounting was a regular and respectable practice , and because the pair had not been found guilty of publishing false information as a result of this , the professional response was disjointed and half - hearted .
the 2005–06 season saw underwood used as a utility player , operating at left - back , left midfield , central midfield and central defence as luton finished a respectable 10th in the championship .
he continued to score at a respectable rate , and two seasons later was wolves ' leading scorer jointly with billy wooldridge .
he would finally get up to speed in 1998–99 , improving to respectable totals of 16 goals and 38 points for syracuse , and earning himself a four - game callup to the canucks .
the small town saw the construction of a general store , a saloon , a blacksmith shop , a quartz mill , a billiard hall , and a respectable public hall .
but they had trouble attracting crowds despite fielding respectable teams that finished.500 ( 7–7 ) during their first two seasons .
the 5.2 amp motor on older us units provides respectable suction but they all lack a motorized brush head .
in september 2009 the czech republic participated for the first time in the icc european division 5 championship finally finishing a respectable third ( defeating bulgaria , turkey and estonia ) behind sweden and the tournament winners greece .
in 1998 they finished a very respectable fourth overall and finished 6th overall in 1999 .
coppell 's first season saw palace again avoid relegation , finishing a more - respectable 15th .
its substantial houses are the home of many respectable families and the village contains to many reputable home businesses , such as the local " newsagents","the cutting room " , " teashop " and an exquisite restaurant " the shambles "
his alcoholism and explosive temper have led to him losing his teacher job at stovington , a respectable preparatory school .
since the saint 's family are described as being respectable roman citizens , " barbara " must have been already in use as a plain given name .
it was under his supervision that the laboratories were built up , to a point where , in the late 1980s , they contained a respectable number of nobel prize winners ; and to the point where the research and development function could stand on an equal footing with marketing , true to his original objective .
although the first single " tainted " was a respectable success , the album received poor promotion thereafter .
it was acclaimed for its rich characterizations and then - startling depiction of mental illness attacking an otherwise respectable person , while his much - younger wife , who does not think herself clever , must become resourceful with a high - level of uncomfortable capability .
today the breed is largely an ornamental one kept for showing , but it lays also a respectable quantity of white eggs .
aprilia also feature in the off - road racing world , with their 450 cc v-2 motocrosser producing respectable results ( including race wins ) in both off - road ( motocross ) and on - road ( supermoto ) categories .
in america , the irish code eventually supplanted the usual method of brutal hand - to - hand combat and gave the combat a respectable feel .
original perfection fly reels in respectable condition trade for $ 5,000 to over $ 10,000 ; the simple peerless tops out at $ 4,000 , and the restigouche and other salmon reels , being more plentiful and possibly worn through use , but mainly because they are larger and lack the compact intensity of the trout reels , only reach $ 2,500 .
anyway , they are also regarded as respectable , hard - working citizens .
one of the plays that was staged , the short comedy of manners " a respectable wedding " , was retranslated by bremner , who also penned the title to the series .
grant mitton achieved a respectable showing in peace river south , placing second with 1,726 votes ( 17.4% ) .
one feature film ( a view from the eiffel tower ) , projected / participated at many respectable world film festivals ( from st. petersburg to canada and usa , from london to ljubljana and marbella ... )
the album was received poorly , and failed to chart or improve powderfinger 's platform despite the respectable success of its predecessor , " transfusion " .
joplin moved to sedalia , missouri in 1894 and began working as a pianist in the maple leaf club and the black 400 , social clubs for " respectable [ black ] gentlemen " .
in the first leg at london road , town got a very respectable 2 - 2 draw , which seemed to suggest that town 's chances of progressing to the final to play stockport county .
the two most respectable among the popes of the fifteenth century , nicholas v and pius ii , died in the deepest grief at the progress of the turks , the latter indeed amid the preparations for a crusade which he was hoping to lead in person ; their successors embezzled the contributions sent for this purpose from all parts of christendom , and degraded the indulgences granted in return for them into a private commercial speculation .
these elements include paintings coming to life ( " ages ago " , used again in " ruddigore " ) , a deaf nursemaid binding a respectable man 's son to a " pirate " instead of to a " pilot " by mistake ( " our island home " , 1870 , reused in " the pirates of penzance " ) , and the forceful mature lady who is " an acquired taste " ( " eyes and no eyes " , 1875 , reused in " the mikado " ) .
she claims to be a respectable pillar of the community who once worked with mahatma ghandi to achieve independence from the british .
opposition to war , including pacifism , had a respectable and widespread appeal among american catholics .
his was an old and respectable protestant family , said to be a junior branch of the ancient baronial house of roche , viscount fermoy from which diana , princess of wales , descended .
instead of keeping the children together in one institution , this society endeavors to find homes for them among respectable jewish families .
like conan doyle , who often appeared embarrassed or hindered by the success of sherlock holmes and seemed to regard his success in the field of crime fiction as a detraction from his more " respectable " literary ambitions , leblanc also appeared to have resented lupin 's success .
the series follows the lives of the wests , a family of criminals that decide to put an end to their criminal ways and try to become respectable citizens of auckland , new zealand .
other issues such as drug use in films like " reefer madness " ( 1936 ) attracted an audience that a major film studio would avoid to keep their mainstream and respectable reputations . "
in 1828 , it was reported that the farm house “ has been occupied many years by a respectable family of the name of coleman " , and the returns from the 1881 census show that one richard coleman remained a substantial farmer at langdon as at that date .
the pair collaborated with alan connor in 2006 to create " respectable " , a sitcom for channel five about a suburban brothel .
