the skin may be wrinkled after fat is removed and laser resurfacing can help tighten and smooth over the new contours .
because it can remain on the sea floor without resurfacing frequently , " nr-1 " was a major tool for searching deep waters .
the project consisted of resurfacing the grass fields , renovating the four dugouts and bleachers , and constructing scoreboards , sprinklers , and a concession stand .
resurfacing via literature .
laser resurfacing .
other work includes the purchasing of banners and benches for the kiphuth exhibition pool , the resurfacing of the floor in the lee amphitheater , and the upgrading of the practice pool 's filtration system ( see " pool closure " below ) .
co2 laser resurfacing has been shown to have an increased risk of hypo pigmentation and scarring when compared to the erbium lasers .
once the meteorite eats mandy 's brain , he melts away , screaming in pain , resurfacing as a pink brain , shaped as mandy 's head .
the interior of the crater has been inundated by lava in the past , resurfacing the floor .
c. kumar n. patel ( b. 2 july , 1938 ) developed the carbon dioxide laser in 1963 ; it is now widely used in industry for cutting and welding , as a laser scalpel in surgery , and in laser skin resurfacing .
resurfacing , moto fights with fabian but connie shows up and shoots fabian .
in most cases , cabinet refacing involves leaving cabinet frames , or boxes , in place while resurfacing them and adding new doors and drawer fronts .
this theme runs through most dutch republican doctrine of the 17th century , before resurfacing in the work of the mid-18th century french republican philosophers , and ultimately in the french revolution .
departing patients died anywhere from three days to three weeks after resurfacing ; john croghan died of tuberculosis at his louisville residence in 1849 .
patient suitability for hip resurfacing is decided by the patient 's anatomy and the patient 's doctor .
many myths have spread out about ader 's disappearance at sea , leading to speculations about supposedly lost works resurfacing .
fearing possible retaliation for the revelations made in " tennessee waltz " , saussy went into hiding for over ten years , not resurfacing until 1997 , at which point he served a 14 month sentence at taft correctional institute in taft , california .
by the mid-1990s , the school was showing age , so it began a large - scale renovation , including asbestos removal , additional parking , exterior resurfacing , a total renovation of the auditorium , and the enclosure of an open - air courtyard , where a library was placed .
afterward , prototypes nearly disappeared from europe , resurfacing again in the mid 1990 's .
resurfacing of runway is scheduled within the next six months .
they won their 5th premiership in 1960 despite not being able to play at their home ground which was having resurfacing work .
the authorities applied chemicals on turn 2 and carried out further resurfacing of track on turn 11–the hairpin– following saturday 's qualifying session .
playing in his 17th nhl season in 2008–09 , sillinger was met with further hip complications and underwent hip resurfacing surgery in february 2009 , forcing him to miss the remainder of the season .
resurfacing .
he put the time of resurfacing at a couple of weeks or months .
in 1986 , the prescott city council decided to eliminate a crosswalk as part of a road resurfacing project .
2000 and 2003 , and resurfacing after 2003 as suggested by a recent study ( 2009 ) .
additional improvements included a scoring pylon with a four - sided video screen akin to those in sports arenas hanging from their ceilings , and after the 2007 food city 500 , a resurfacing of the entire concrete track along with widening the track three feet and reshaping the turns with variable banking , which was completed for the 2007 sharpie 500 in august and their support events in the busch ( now nationwide series ) and craftsman truck series(now camping world truck series )
remedial measures , including resurfacing , were carried out by derbyshire county council in 2006 .
coleman 's politics and style led him to be one of mayor of london ken livingstone 's principal critics , publicly falling out with the mayor over the london borough of barnet 's resurfacing policy , congestion charging and livingstone 's comments in 2005 likening a jewish reporter to a concentration camp guard .
resurfacing , a lookout noticed the smoke of a distant convoy .
the debate of creating a legal union between two members of the same sex has been debate off - and - on since 2007 , with the debate resurfacing in mid may 2009 and undergoing controversy due to the nation 's strong catholic influence .
all things considered , computer assisted technology has allowed surgeons to provide accurate femoral neck targeting , and is a viable option for this imperative step to hip resurfacing .
eurointernational was away from racing for a few years before resurfacing in formula renault and formula bmw usa .
however , this claim was proved apparently without foundation during resurfacing work in the mid-1990s .
taulov has had settlements for the last 2500 years , many of those resurfacing in these years of growth where fields are being turned into dwellings .
many municipalities are also recognizing the benefits of resurfacing tennis and basketball courts with modular sports tile because it needs little to no maintenance and typically lasts 25 years or more .
improvement projects carried out on the road during the 1970s , 80s and 90s involved periodic widening , resurfacing and the replacement of signposts .
it should be the same with the resurfacing machine .
the 2007 redevelopment work ( finished in late september ) was mostly resurfacing , but there was some movement of the traffic islands .
three additional points are awarded for again evading the octopus and resurfacing back on the player 's boat .
offered at nohc , birmingham hip resurfacing is relatively new procedure approved by the fda in 2006 .
external skin resurfacing with a chemical peel or carbon dioxide laser may be performed simultaneously .
during this period , the songs " bris " , " 170 " and " kontroll på kontinentet " were written and seemingly replaced " abstinenser " , " damplokomotiv " and " bastard " ( whose organ riff is the same used on " 170 " ) respectively . " stormfull vals " was dropped , eventually resurfacing on " våre demoner " , a compilation of unused demos .
he spent much of his time in his basement , reading newspapers and clipping articles ( especially those which told of his former weatherman comrades resurfacing and reintegrating back into society ) .
there was major rebuilding in 1938–39 , constructing new stands and entrances , resurfacing the track , moving portions of the track and adding two new bends .
this suggested intense volcanic activity and resurfacing .
the number of craters together with their well - preserved condition indicates that the planet underwent a global resurfacing event about 500 million years ago , followed by a decay in volcanism .
conventional hip resurfacing today .
the scene with dr. secare resurfacing out of the water was created by the visual effects unit .
as an example the table would show that in 2 years the outside will need painting and that in 5 years the parking lot will need resurfacing .
because the jersey - shape design requires very little modification to become an f - shape design , asphalt resurfacing can convert the jersey - shape barrier into a more f - shape - like barrier that is safer for lighter cars .
achilles is later sent to battle school simply as a test for bean : colonel graff wants to see how bean will deal with the resurfacing of his old nemesis from rotterdam .
the vaishnava poetry however disappeared for about two centuries after naraharitirtha 's death before resurfacing as a popular form of folk literature during the rule of the vijayanagara empire .
resurfice corporation is a manufacturer of ice resurfacing equipment based in elmira , ontario , canada .
the airport is undergoing resurfacing of its runway .
additional episodes of resurfacing may have occurred later and led to the formation of smooth plains .
many arterial roads in thane are concretised , thus not needing resurfacing every year .
this 2000 release was a surprise resurfacing for the band , after almost a decade of quiet .
the road surface was known to be especially noisy , but an improvement scheme in 2005 led to the resurfacing of much of the road to reduce the noise .
the airport terminal has been slightly reformatted to allow for higher - capacity flights with the new american eagle airlines services to dfw , and refurbishing the interior of the original 1940 's hangar that fbo heartland aviation uses and resurfacing and painting of 13/31 .
later that year country would resurface on several suburban stations , one of which would get the wyny calls , resurfacing in late 1998 .
resurfacing with the rest of his family in a 4-issue miniseries published in 2000 , alex had taken the name zero - g at some point during the team 's 4-year publishing hiatus , and also created a new costume .
in 200x when the d - reaper was slowly resurfacing , azulongmon had the digignomes transform the shining digivolution ( the source of digivolution for all digimon ) into a digimon named calumon , who ended up in the real world .
much of the area is presently deforested due to desertification , especially the deforestation or logging ( " clearing " ) , strip - mining ( without resurfacing or replanting ) , animal overgrazing , burning to open up areas for grazing .
these themes include holocaust denial , 11 terrorist attacks , imagery of jews as satanic figures , equating jews with nazis , imagery of jews with hooked noses , and resurfacing the blood libel against jews .
roy also employs a disjointed , nonsequential narrative that echoes the process of memory , especially the resurfacing of a previously suppressed , painful memory .
edward leigh said : " ... you ( bill jeffrey ) have cut £ 13.5 million of essential work out of regional prime contracts , but you have obliged the same contractors to do £ 45 million on other projects , including resurfacing tennis courts and building all - weather pitches .
future projects include runway lighting and resurfacing .
this became a recurring theme with the character : resurfacing after an apparent death , only to fail and appear to die again .
the two ice resurfacing machines prepared to maintain the surface of the ice track both malfunctioned .
it is cheaper than resurfacing an asphalt concrete or a portland cement concrete pavement , but not as long lasting .
by custom and tradition the individual aldermen have a great deal of influence over decisions impacting the ward they represent on matters ranging from zoning changes , to street resurfacing .
part of these funds went towards the resurfacing of the trail as far as heathfield in october 2006 .
though the term " zamboni " was ( and remains ) trademarked by his company , the name is sometimes improperly used for any brand of ice resurfacing machine .
the drivers were unhappy with the resurfacing work , though , as the track instead became more bumpy than in the previous year .
in addition to the resurfacing , a new instrument landing system will be built for the runway .
a 2007 brazilian clinical study showed that fractional laser resurfacing improved both texture and appearance of mature , white striae in skin types i - iv .
although disputed , the " magnetic " tradition continued among mesmer 's students and others , resurfacing in england in the 19th century in the work of the physician john elliotson ( 1791–1868 ) , and the surgeons james esdaile ( 1808–1859 ) , and james braid ( 1795–1860 ) ( who relabeled it " hypnotism " ) .
resurfacing and recent history .
in 1966 , the bank built a 41-story tower adjacent to its home , reducing the height of the original building by half and resurfacing it in the white marble that covers it today .
as it turns out , this insight was already previously discovered by a jewish physicist , yosef kobinski , in auschwitz during the holocaust and the young scientist 's discovery coincides with the resurfacing of manuscripts written by the jewish physicist .
in 1954 , on new year 's day , robert skrak , an assistant to frank zamboni , the inventor of the best known ice resurfacing machine of the time , demonstrated a very early model of the machine at boston garden to the team management , and as a result , the bruins ordered one of the then - produced " model e " resurfacers to be used at the garden , the first known nhl team to acquire one of the soon - to - be - ubiquitous " zambonis " for their own use .
the steamroller was involved in the resurfacing of the carrigrohane straight , when tram and steamroller collided .
from the goddess 's earliest known appearance in indian paleolithic settlements more than 22,000 years ago , through the refinement of her cult in the indus valley civilization , her partial eclipse during the vedic period , and her subsequent resurfacing and expansion in the classical sanskrit tradition , it has been suggested that , in many ways , " the history of the hindu tradition can be seen as a reemergence of the feminine .
the foundation funds capital projects such as the refurbishing of the ernest ingold swimming pool in the haight ashbury district of san francisco , the resurfacing of the tennis courts at golden gate park , and the creation and/or refurbishing of school playgrounds throughout the bay area .
from the goddess 's earliest known appearance in indian paleolithic settlements more than 22,000 years ago , through the refinement of her cult in the indus valley civilization , her partial eclipse during the vedic period , and her subsequent resurfacing and expansion in the classical sanskrit tradition , it has been suggested that , in many ways , " the history of the hindu tradition can be seen as a reemergence of the feminine . "
the band went on a hiatus only resurfacing every now and then to play a local gig .
a variety of attempts to revive " varsity " led to the paper resurfacing periodically over the following decade , but it was not until 1947 that the paper was re - established permanently in its current form .
later , after the internal activity and resurfacing ceased , cratering continued primarily on the leading hemisphere and wiped out the streak patterns there .
additional overhead infrastructure , as well as the tracks themselves , were mainly removed by the end the summer of 1996 as part of a resurfacing project on north beacon street .
around 1994/1995 , morgan took a break from the music scene , eventually resurfacing in 2003 to co - write trybe 's " sarah said " with fragma .
judge anderson has had a crisis of conscience following the resurfacing of childhood memories of an abusive father ( as told in the story " engram " ) .
welcoming reconciliation with hungary and measures leading to the romania 's european integration at a time when the udmr joined victor ciorbea 's democratic convention cabinet , frunda argued that this process had made unlikely the resurfacing of violent incidents such as the march 1990 ethnic clashes in târgu mureş .
india is known in particular for heart surgery , hip resurfacing and other areas of advanced medicine .
their surfaces are heavily cratered , though all of them ( except umbriel ) show signs of endogenic resurfacing in the form of lineaments ( canyons ) and , in the case of miranda , ovoid race - track like structures called coronae . extensional processes associated with upwelling diapirs are likely responsible for the origin of the coronae .
some of the popular lakes in the kaiser wilderness are nellie lake , george lake , and upper twin lake , with upper twin lake having a cave where the outlet stream disappears into and then flows underground for several hundred yards before resurfacing .
later that year , he disappeared for a while before resurfacing , stating that he had needed some time off .
a complete resurfacing was done to the track .
highways and transportation minister maynard sonntag announced a highway resurfacing for hwy 39 for the summer of 2001 .
resurfacing .
asian regional center for hip resurfacing ( arch)operates inside apollo hospital .
femoral neck targeting is the process of calculating the centre of the femoral neck during hip resurfacing surgery .
it should also be noted at somewhere between the climax of the final battle between the tekkamen space knights and tekkaman dead , dead mysteriously loses his shoulder mounted voltekker cannons , though this could simply be an animation error as they 're clearly not present at the time of dead 's resurfacing against the radam .
it went through many changes during its elongated development period before eventually being canceled and then resurfacing on the gamecube in the form of a short video preview in march 2003 at the annual dice summit in las vegas , and was renamed from .
on 12 june 2006 , less than 24 hours before brazil were to begin their 2006 world cup campaign against croatia , rome prosecutor angelantonio racanelli called for the imprisonment of cafu , his wife regina de morales , and his agent for nine months following the resurfacing of a false - passport scandal .
2002 i-5 resurfacing : four decades of california contemporary art , san diego museum of art .
resurfacing in the global wrestling federation , he lost to terry daniels at the dallas sportatorium in dallas , texas on july 19 , 1991 .
as a result , runway 11/29 of the columbia metropolitan airport was closed until the morning of september 21 . because the other airport runway , runway 5/23 was also closed for resurfacing , the airport was closed to service .
the manatee county segment of i-275 has not changed dramatically since its construction in 1983 , other than a toll plaza upgrade in the late 1990s , and resurfacing of the mainline lanes between the i-75 apex and the us 19 exit .
the plan also included widening many of the toll roads , and resurfacing the others .
however , she disappeared for quite some time , only resurfacing recently alongside the rest of the serpent society as they sought to exact their revenge on diamondback .
on venus , a global resurfacing event may have shut down plate tectonics and led to a reduced heat flux through the crust .
as part of the stimulus money received from the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 , the maryland state highway administration began several resurfacing projects within charles county , including route 488 .
during the tenure of mayor steven randall ( 1984–90 ) major projects were initiated and completed including rebuilding the kensington pool ; new street lighting , storm drainage ; road resurfacing and a general facelift .
since the ice is shared with skaters and is maintained by large ice resurfacing machines , it can be difficult to maintain a perfectly flat sheet of ice , which is necessary for curling .
the blood brothers continued as iron man antagonists in " iron man " # 89 - 91 ( aug .- oct . 1976 ) , then disappeared from publication for several years before resurfacing to battle the titular superhero team in " the avengers " # 252 - 253 ( jan .- feb . 1990 ) .
deep water - logged ruts in the track have resulted in the partial resurfacing of the route .
kay , who thought she had overcome her feelings for miguel , soon realized that her old feelings were resurfacing .
access to mistatim presently is via sk hwy 3 which underwent micro - resurfacing during the summer of 2008 for a length of .
resurfacing in the global wrestling federation during the early 1990s , cox began teaming with stan lane and defeated kendo nagasaki and ninja in the opening rounds of the 2-day gwf world tag team title tournament before losing to steve simpson and chris walker in the semi - finals in july 1991 .
seeing thousands of deaths , mass imprisonment and a resurfacing of the traditional colombian animosity against venezuelans , made eugenio decide to return to caracas and tell his father that he wanted to study law .
until the late 1990s , such roads were frequently in very poor condition , although increased road maintenance funding to local councils has resulted in more frequent resurfacing of regional roads , as well as relaying and realignment on some routes .
there is currently ( as of 2008 ) a small resurfacing of italian immigration , when after decades the migratory balance of italians returned positive ( 2,213 new immigrants to switzerland ) .
some services offer commercial disc resurfacing to remove scratches that can cause some of the audio extraction anomalies inherent in the audio cd format .
the sh-48 designation would only remain disused for just under three years , resurfacing for a route only east of sh-99 in february 1941 .
with lelouch resurfacing to take the throne a month later , schneizel is content to let his brother have it as it made his plan easier to pull .
laser resurfacing is usually done with a 2940 nm or a 10,600 nm co2 laser .
rose hill marple is officially designated as a ' park & ride ' station and , upon a resurfacing and small extension of its car parking facilities , was advertised as such through flyers in the local area in 2005 in a bid to attract more travellers who might otherwise have driven to their destination or used the more frequent services from nearby marple station .
dr. john hefferon , one of the leading orthopedic physicians in chicago , is the medical director for nohc ’s orthopedic service line that focuses on sports medicine , joint replacement & resurfacing , and work - related injuries .
some examples of medical uses are laser surgery , skin resurfacing ( " laser facelifts " ) ( which essentially consist of burning the skin to promote collagen formation ) , and dermabrasion .
in 2008 , this section went under a $ 9.9 million resurfacing project to replace the badly deteriorated original concrete surface with asphalt .
in july 2004 , in conjunction with a major resurfacing of both sides of the freeway , it was decided to bring the signage in line with the official designation .
current goals of the high school include resurfacing the track and expanding the music computer lab .
notwithstanding , the accusations against oberländer and the nachtigall battalion have kept resurfacing in western outlets .
it is sometimes used during treatment of blood vessel lesions , laser resurfacing , laser hair removal and laser surgery .
the newest types of laser resurfacing are radio frequency ( syneron matrix rf ) , erbium ( er : yag ) fractional ( palomar medical technologies lux2940 or sciton profractional ) , and co2 fractional lasers ( deka smartxide dot ) .
work on this $ 940,000 resurfacing project ... should be complete within two weeks " , said highways and transportation minister mark wartman .
on january 14 2005 , piero vanished from new york city leaving no documented proof of his whereabouts , he traveled from a place to another , crossing borders without a trace , for resurfacing only on the morning of february 7 at the royal academy of arts in copenhagen for a unique lecture about his adventoruos trip .
the kome call letters were retired from the bay area , resurfacing briefly on a small co - owned am station outside the market .
this is seen most dramatically in the extraordinary volcanic activity of innermost io ( which is subject to the strongest tidal forces ) , and to a lesser degree in the geological youth of europa 's surface ( indicating recent resurfacing of the moon 's exterior ) .
transcribing a diary from that same voyage , adam and catriona learn the power of the cursed mandrake roots , power that destroyed the dunarling in 1886 and that is resurfacing in the town of dunarling today .
the developments of graffiti art which took place in art galleries and colleges as well as " on the street " or " underground " , contributed to the resurfacing in the 1990s of a far more overtly politicized art form in the subvertising , culture jamming or tactical media movements .
resurfacing and rehabilitation .
in april 2008 tynwald granted a major runway extension and resurfacing project at the airport .
speedway pavement resurfacing and problems .
the project involved a full - depth patch and repair of the bridge deck , roadway resurfacing , and reinforcement of key superstructure components to ensure the bridge could remain in service until the new bridge can be built .
laser surgery & resurfacing .
even very buoyant objects such as inflatable balls , inner tubes , and life vests can often be seen resurfacing near the downstream face every few seconds for several hours before escaping the so called " washing machine of death " .
highways and transportation minister mark wartman announced a highway resurfacing for highway 39 in 2003 . prime minister chrétien and premier calvert announced a highway improvement to be completed for highway 39 by the year 2007 .
in 1995 two lanes of the bridge were closed alternately for resurfacing the concrete deck .
by custom and tradition the individual aldermen have a great deal of influence over decisions impacting the ward they represent on matters ranging from zoning changes , to street resurfacing .
this work includes instrument landing system ( ils ) installation for runway 35 , resurfacing of runway 17/35 , re - lighting of runway 17/35 , security fencing around the entire airfield and various other general improvements ( new signage etc ) .
the planet may have had a major global resurfacing event about 500 million years ago , from what scientists can tell from the density of impact craters on the surface .
in recent studies it is shown that a patients outcome may very well be dependent on surgeon experience and that the component positioning of hip resurfacing is crucial to the outcome ; therefore , patients should take care in selecting a surgeon with experience .
india is known in particular for heart surgery , hip resurfacing and other areas of advanced medicine .
skin resurfacing can also be performed with a plasma based device instead of a laser .
the cars split in 1988 , and he disappeared from the public eye for a couple of years , resurfacing in 1990 with " fireball zone " .
it is also very flexible and as a result should last longer than the previous resurfacing effort .
to forestall a renewal of the sovereignty disputes , italian divers planted a flag on the top of the volcano in advance of its expected resurfacing .
none of the above approaches offer a fluroscopy - free approach to minimal invasive hip resurfacing .
this process may have caused resurfacing by water volcanism and tectonics , erasing older geological features .
at the time of the collapse , four of the eight lanes were closed for resurfacing , and there were 575,000 pounds ( 261,000 kg ) of construction supplies and equipment on the bridge .
achilles is later sent to battle school simply as a test for bean - colonel graff wants to see how bean will deal with the resurfacing of his old nemesis from rotterdam .
frank joseph zamboni jr. is the inventor of the ice resurfacing machine .
resnick has retired several times , disappearing for 6 to 8 years and resurfacing in strange places like bordeaux , france where he now lives .
since october , 2009 , the finney - campbell practice fields to the east of princeton university stadium have been undergoing resurfacing to be outfitted with fieldturf .
by 1993 , disappointed over the collapse of enigma , the jrs fiasco and the general decline in popularity of classic rock music , the band went into semi - retirement , resurfacing each year to play occasional concerts , with verlin back on bass .
the track underwent major upgrades in 2004 which included upgrades to seating , pits and a full resurfacing and partial reconfiguration of the racing surface into its present short track tri - oval .
this included the removal of carpeting , resurfacing the walls with a smooth finish , and applying a special lacquer to the ceiling .
at the same time , putri begins to face new problems beginning with ber other best friend mia deciding to drop out and get married to a much older man against her parents ' wishes , followed by her futsal teammates ' preoccupation in their own personal problems , causing them to attend futsal training less frequently while her mother datin aina is depressed over the resurfacing of a mysterious man she knew from her past which is eventually revealed to be putri 's enstranged real father .
resurfacing sometime later , the lifeform , now possessing two personalities , one peaceful and the other evil , begins to feed off people while living in the alleys of hell 's kitchen , manhattan .
other changes at the time were that island explorer routes 7 and 7a were diverted away from havenstreet as road resurfacing caused double deckers to be unable to pass under the railway bridge there .
the second change , happening during 1998 - 99 , involved resurfacing the gym floor and installing 550 new seat - backs for the seats on the east side of the gym .
in the late 2000s , the genre experienced yet another resurfacing with the appearance of the broadcasting network abc family , which launched a whole new set of shows including " greek " and " the secret life of the american teenager " .
from 1984 to 1988 the waca underwent major renovations , including a complete resurfacing of the ground and the construction of new terracing and seating in the outer .
thus doyle 's appearance represents , at one level at least , a resurfacing of nikki 's past .
the closures , lasting until august 2008 , occurred in advance of patching and resurfacing of the mainline .
work on the first section from ny 96 to ny 31f involved the resurfacing of the road and the elimination of the slip ramp between ny 96 north and ny 153 north through the reconfiguration of the ny 96 / ny 153 intersection .
when megatron disappeared into the depths of the planet fighting optimus prime , starscream temporarily took command and had scrapper prepare a process for the resurfacing of cybertron , which would transform it into a mobile war - world .
as news of hadrian 's escape forces manning and the first lady into house arrest , wes obtains the last thing boyle requested from the library before resurfacing : a cryptic crossword puzzle with manning 's notes , which appear to be nothing but doodles .
due to its small size , ceres would have cooled early in its existence , causing all geological resurfacing processes to cease .
the planet may have had a major global resurfacing event about 500 million years ago , from what scientists can tell from the density of impact craters on the surface .
timon returns home to find a surprise visitor — his older brother , levi , an observant jew from jerusalem , resurfacing after nine years .
it is generally accepted that mason somehow transferred his personality into a boomer body some time prior to his death in episode 3 , resurfacing in episodes 5 and 6 under the identity of largo .
common techniques are laser resurfacing , dermabrasion ( physical or chemical exfoliation ) , and surgical removal . camouflaging — adding a new pigment which counteracts the tattoo color and attempts to emulate normal skin color is considered a poor choice by professionals .
in the summer of 2000 , received resurfacing improvements between verigin and mikado .
hip resurfacing is a surgical procedure ( a form of arthroplasty ) which has been developed as an intervention alternative to total hip replacement ( thr ) .
bladt languished in the new york minor league system until resurfacing in the majors in .
minimally invasive hip resurfacing .
in his work there is a resurfacing of ideas that developed earlier in 20th century by surrealist painters painters , filmakers , poets - having to do with the subconscious , having to do with dreams , water , fluidity , and the dissolution of the boundaries that reason applies to experience - with which reason tries to categorise experience .
based on the studies , the palau government decided to counteract the cosmetic damage caused by creep with resurfacing and reinforcement of the bridge .
his roles diminished in importance and by the 1960s he was acting mostly on television before resurfacing in horror films , notably " it 's hot in paradise " ( 1962 ) and as dracula in " blood of dracula 's castle " ( 1969 ) .
various solutions were suggested for this discrepancy , including resurfacing by impacts or outgassing .
the process of shortening the operative field ( mini - incision ) for hip resurfacing from the conventional open approach ( 15–30 cm ) , to a mini - incision approach ( 7–15 cm ) has been well documented in the realm of hip surgery .
one day , soo - hyun leaves for an operation dealing with the cheongbang , only to return in failure because of the resurfacing terrible childhood memories of when he was in thailand .
these include reshaping and resurfacing of the road , new flagstones to replace tarmac pavements , new trees , new seats and cycle racks .
originally known as banzhafwatch.com , it was taken offline back in 2006 , resurfacing in 2009 , although no longer run by frontiers of freedom institute .
a number of obstacles had to be overcome to reach the point where it is today ; maintaining such a system requires unremitting top management attention to keep further obstacles from arising and old ones from resurfacing .
the pictures were lost in the first days of world war i " and subsequently confiscated , or threatened with confiscation " , but " they survived intact [ even though they ] never returned to paris , resurfacing after complex and protracted negotiations in private hands in copenhagen ( where [ many ] can be seen today in the statens museum for kunst ) . " ( spurling , 2003 ) .
she again went missing for a number of weeks after this , resurfacing at october 's no mercy event and embarrassing the miz by tricking him into getting a lap dance from big dick johnson while he was blindfolded and expecting it to be from her as a birthday gift .
after resurfacing in 2000 , the club went bankrupt during the 2001 season when the then - owners were ionian .
she is now resurfacing in san francisco where she confronts the mutant boom - boom .
a new owner bought the site in 1985 and after extensive restoration and resurfacing events started to take place there again , with the first racmsa event taking place in 1989 .
lanigan , who himself was nearly as controversial as imus , had a very successful run in mornings until he left for a radio station in tampa prior to resurfacing at wmji in 1985 .
titania probably underwent an early endogenic resurfacing event that obliterated its older , heavily cratered surface .
bassist micki steele left the group , later resurfacing in the bangles .
as of 2008 there is a small resurfacing of italian immigration , when after decades the migratory balance of italians returned positive ( 2,213 new immigrants to switzerland ) .
green eventually became displeased with the tactics used by the barker brothers , and began to seek a new gang , resurfacing as an associate of baby face nelson , late in 1933 and early 1934 , along with tommy carroll , and homer van meter , and later became a member of the reorganized john dillinger gang in early 1934 .
other recent works include the resurfacing of platforms 1 and 2 complete with the installation of curved steel cladding panels .
he is confident that he can force apocalypse into resurfacing .
from the devi 's earliest known appearance in indian paleolithic settlements more than 20,000 years ago , through the refinement of her cult in the indus valley civilization , her partial eclipse during the vedic period , and her subsequent resurfacing and expansion in sanskrit tradition , it has been suggested that , in many ways , " the history of the hindu tradition can be seen as a reemergence of the feminine . "
the only documented approach for minimally invasive hip resurfacing , having accepted the definition above , is that of mr .
landis underwent successful hip resurfacing surgery on september 27 , 2006 , receiving a smith and nephew birmingham metal - on - metal hip joint , a durable joint ideal for athletes , that had recently been approved by the u.s. fda .
it included access management improvements , median construction , shoulder repair , turn lane extensions , and resurfacing from the intersection with newtown pike to the intersection with industry road .
conventional hip resurfacing techniques were created as an alternative to total hip replacement whereby only the diseased cartilage and a small surrounding area of the femur are removed , to be replaced with new surfaces .
depth charges were dropped and additional shots fired to keep it from resurfacing .
roshan took a two - year break from acting before resurfacing with the superhero film " krrish " , a sequel to his 2003 film " koi ... mil gaya " which released in june 2006 .
after the evolution from piston to jet engines in the 1950s , the airfield had to be closed for three weeks for the resurfacing of the runways .
a recent government programme of upgrading and resurfacing means that most major routes are now in good condition .
because of space limitations and high resurfacing costs , many high schools feature narrower tracks , which do not meet the requirements of true championship - style meets .
after being hidden in various locations for over a year before resurfacing in a usc student magazine ( known as the wampus ) , a prank war between the two universities ensued until 1942 , when the student body presidents of the two schools agreed that the bell would be the trophy awarded the winner of the annual ucla - usc football game .
covington left jefferson airplane in mid-1972 to pursue a solo career , starting with " fat fandango".he subsequently faded from view , only resurfacing sporadically , like in 1976 's " spitfire " by jefferson starship , where he helped write hit single " with your love " .
resurfacing years later with the intention to continue his work , he began a series of events that culminated in the death of merukimon at the hands of his creation , gizumon , and the dissolution of the japanese branch of dats .
the stolen paintings are resurfacing for sale at regular frequency .
segues each of the actual songs , often resurfacing again elsewhere within the songs .
after the war , information about the uprising was suppressed under communism , gradually resurfacing from the 1960s until finally in the 1990s more or less the full story could be told .
many arterial roads in mulund are concretised , thus not needing resurfacing every year .
the stream then goes under ground , below sutton coldfield town centre before resurfacing along queen street on the edge of the town centre .
during some recent resurfacing work on the east pier of dún laoghaire harbour the permanent mooring anchor of the " essex " was discovered embedded in the pier .
once the skin has leveled , treatments such as laser resurfacing , microdermabrasion or chemical peels can be used to smooth out the scarred tissue .
this occurred after road resurfacing meant double decker buses were unable to pass under the railway bridge at the southern end of havenstreet .
he also creates tambourine to hunt down the contenders of the world martial arts tournament to keep the sealing technique from resurfacing .
in september 2006 the act government spent $ 50,000 on resurfacing the school 's oval which included replacement of the grass .
recent renovations brought new signage , a complete resurfacing of the wave pool , and changeroom upgrades .
the facility contains an olympic - sized ice sheet , a 350-seat conference room , a first - aid room , racquetball courts , locker room facilities , ice - resurfacing capabilities , an ada - accessible seating platform , and a snack bar .
in january 2007 rehabilitation work was carried out by vicroads , including waterproofing the concrete deck , replacing the tram tracks , and general resurfacing .
the water from wadi tinya drops into a granite pool from which it flows done to other pools and falls into a deep wadi , some places running under rocks , at other places resurfacing again .
there is an active market that spills over onto the highway at krakor town and this combined with the recent resurfacing of the highway has led to increasing traffic accidents and road fatalities .
after resurfacing from the underground , flanagan joined prairie fire organizing committee , the above - ground wing of weather underground organization .
this tunnel was to start at contesse and was to pass below messina and ganzirri at a depth of 150 m , crossing the strait to punta pezzo and resurfacing at torre cavallo .
scheduled runway improvements have been completed and accepted which include re - alignment and resurfacing of a lengthened runway from .
the 2007 leuchars airshow was cancelled due to resurfacing of the runway .
propane powers some locomotives , buses , forklifts , taxis and ice resurfacing machines and is used for heat and cooking in recreational vehicles and campers .
this will allow for the south runway to be closed the following year for resurfacing .
frank j. zamboni & co. inc. and other companies manufacture ice resurfacing machines .
there are several other reputed manufacturers of hip resurfacing systems , many of them in europe .
the dot supervises street resurfacing , pothole repair , parking meter installation and maintenance , and the management of a citywide network of municipal parking facilities .
the priority areas of this project include : the development of infrastructure , such as the resurfacing of roads and building of pavements ; the development of the local economy through job creation and small , micro and medium enterprise ( smme ) projects , like grass - cutting and the setting up of vegetable gardens and agriculture projects ; and social upliftment through the upgrading of dilapidated houses , providing community halls and municipal offices with better facilities to service the community of evaton .
however , richthofen died following an extremely serious and inevitably fatal chest wound from a single bullet , penetrating from the right armpit and resurfacing next to the left nipple .
between 2003 and 2005 the bridge underwent strengthening , resurfacing and other improvements , leading to widespread traffic disruption in the city .
shell suffered several slumps in the next four seasons ( 2000 - 2003 ) before resurfacing in during the 2004 - 2005 season as one of the contenders for the pba crown .
" the road from my first colored graph piece in 1962 to my renunciation of composing in 1970 to my resurfacing as a composer in 1972 was a process of trying out an idea and when it was obviously successful abandoning it .
it went on to buy " midland medical technologies " , a hip resurfacing business , for £ 67 million in 2004 .
besides the main interprovincial traffic artery connecting the capital phnom penh with sihanoukville , resurfacing a former dirt road with concrete / asphalt and implementation of 5 major river crossings by means of bridges have now permanently connected phnom penh with koh kong and hence there is now uninterrupted road access to neighboring thailand and their vast road system .
