each publication has since issued a retraction , sometimes after lengthy litigation .
cnn , after a two - week inquiry , issued a retraction ..
in other words , a strong deformation retraction leaves points in " a " fixed throughout the homotopy .
graves ' ophthalmopathy , also known as graves ' thyroid - associated " or " dysthyroid orbitopathy , is an autoimmune inflammatory disorder affecting the orbit around the eye , characterized by upper eyelid retraction , swelling ( edema ) , redness ( erythema ) , conjunctivitis , and bulging eyes ( proptosis ) .
for two months the " chicago tribune " refused to publish a retraction , supporting their report .
the british newspaper " the guardian " , for example , quoted the report in its diary section of july 19 , 2001 and used it to belittle bush , although the paper published a retraction two days after the associated press drew attention to the error .
in a retraction posted on page a2 of the march 9 , 2006 , issue , " the sheaf " stated that mark watson was not an author of the march 2 , 2006 , capitalist piglet cartoon .
hunter refuses to concur as is procedurally required to launch , and instead tries to convince ramsay to confirm the second message , which he believes is possibly a retraction of the previous launch order .
ephrin is a chemorepulsant meaning that its interactions with proteins results in an inactivation or retraction of processes when referring to neuronal migration .
the private investigator , however , retracted his statement the following day after he was detained by the police for reasons unknown leading to allegations that his retraction was coerced .
about four months later , the " tribune " printed a retraction and proclaimed the story a hoax .
he helped to avert a censure from buffon 's " epoques de la nature " , in consideration of the author 's retraction .
he called the retraction story a " pious fraud .
this replaced the earlier electro - mechanical retraction system of gearboxes , driveshafts and chains and sprockets that was a throwback to the twin bonanza .
he dismissively refers to one of them as " just a machine " , prompting outrage from the tachikomas in the section 9 hangar , with one calling him a bigot and another demanding a retraction of the statement .
the state council 's retraction also emphasized that chinese character reform should henceforth proceed with caution , and that the forms of chinese characters should be kept stable .
the retraction noted other unconfirmed statements in the story that paul 's campaign disputed .
if the promising party 's repudiation makes it impossible to fulfill its promise , then retraction is not possible and no act by the promising party can restore the performing party 's obligations under the contract .
prs is characterized by an unusually small mandible ( micrognathia ) , posterior displacement or retraction of the tongue ( glossoptosis ) , and upper airway obstruction .
after being threatened with a lawsuit , the " l.a. times " printed a partial retraction .
reliance on limb retraction instead of extension is typical for non - avian dinosaurs .
dempsey took a court case against the magazine , which ended in their retraction of the allegation .
however , orion , a winter constellation , was still well below the horizon at the time , a fact quickly pointed out by some astronomers , and the air force was forced to make a hasty retraction .
after consultations with its allies , sparta sent a deputation to athens demanding certain concessions , such as the immediate expulsion of the alcmaeonidae family including pericles and the retraction of the megarian decree , threatening war if the demands were not met .
once activated the cells undergo several key morphological changes including the thickening and retraction of branches , uptake of mhc class i / ii proteins , expression of immunomolecules , secretion of cytotoxic factors , secretion of recruitment molecules , and secretion of pro - inflammatory signaling molecules ( resulting in a pro - inflammation signal cascade ) .
the biggest changes to the institute resulted from german unification with the retraction of two of the four directors of the institute in 1998 and 2004 after the retirement of hagfors and rosenbauer .
the selangor state government was giving all parties involved in making the claim a week to issue a retraction and apology .
the court unanimously held that offences for which the mens rea component is negligence do not violate s. 7 of the charter when a due diligence defence ( s. 37.3(2)(a ) and ( b ) ) is available , but that the " timely retraction " provisions of s. 37.3(2)(c ) and ( d ) did infringe s. 7 and could not be saved under s.1 .
the 204 had blue ink and a retraction button on the end .
the retraction followed an investigation by " the sunday times " , which stated that wakefield " acted dishonestly and irresponsibly " .
he apologized to the senate for his " tactless " remarks , and offered to put the apology in writing ; but refused to sign the statement written by his political opponents , which he deemed a virtual retraction of his socialist principles , and which implied that his status as a citizen was subject to question .
the bishop yohannan of gawkaï ( ) , a town in beth garmaï , was among the bishops who witnessed a retraction of the messallian heresy made by the priest nestorius of the monastery of mar yozadaq in 790 before his consecration as bishop of beth nuhadra .
as a result of this court case the publishers issued a retraction and apology
liposuction techniques such as subdermal undermining using fine cannulas can stimulate further skin retraction .
however , in 2008 , the " la times " printed an official front - page retraction of phillips ' story .
on february 19 , 2004 , lawyers from the firm morrison & foerster , representing infinium labs , sent a letter to kyle bennett , alleging libel and demanding a retraction .
pilus retraction provides the driving force for a different form of bacterial motility called " twitching " or " social gliding " which allows bacterial cells to crawl along a surface .
this bulb is called a retraction ball , the hallmark of diffuse axonal injury .
jeffrey schwartz one of the critics of the original claim that the jaw was human has been quoted as noting about ciochon 's retraction that it is " really astonishing .
on september 28 , 2008 , an apology and retraction of the column was issued by the cbc .
addition of paf to hippocampal cells have shown growth cone collapse and neurite retraction . lis1 knockout homozygous null mice die during embryogenesis and heterozygous mice survive with delayed neuronal migration confirmed by " in vitro " and " in vivo " cell migration assays .
in an interview with cnbc the same day , kraft said he was bothered that there would still be people throughout the country who would not see the retraction , and that he felt vindicated after the " damaging " story " put a cloud over [ the team ] for three - and - a - half months . "
minor ocular ( eye ) signs , which may be present in any type of hyperthyroidism , are eyelid retraction ( " stare " ) , extra - ocular muscle weakness , and lid - lag .
in fixation on a fast upwards or downwards movement there occurs a convulsive retraction of the eyelid .
the journal later removed the paper completely from the journal web - site without any formal retraction .
tasmania first called this " defamatory " and demanded a retraction , threatening legal proceedings against the newspaper .
the frenulum should normally be sufficiently long and supple to allow for the full retraction of the prepuce so that it lies smoothly back on the shaft of the erect penis .
after hrw denied having any official connection or ties with the hammurabi organization for human rights and democracy , " time " issued a retraction .
following pelosi 's retraction , the investigation into pasolini 's death was reopened .
s - retraction occurs in glaswegian , in scotland .
cally made a public retraction on 21 april of the same year .
in addition , a larger 350 x 135 mm ( 14 x 5 in ) tailwheel replaced the original 290 x 110 mm ( 11 x 4 in ) one ; the larger tailwheel no longer fitted the recess , so the retraction mechanism was disconnected and the tailwheel fixed down .
the newspaper becomes an instant success and after some time as the editor , harriet makes amends to her former friends , offering a printed retraction and saying that the statements in her notebook were unfair statements .
he paid ford a visit and was on the verge of convincing him to issue at least a partial retraction when an intemperate telegram from louis b. marshall , president of the american jewish committee , hardened ford 's stance .
since median graphs are closed under retraction , and include the hypercubes , every retract of a hypercube is a median graph .
energy descent refers to retraction of oil use after the peak oil availability .
despite continuous heavy rainfall and a rough eight - to - ten - foot surf which tossed two lcvp 's high on the beach beyond retraction , " troilus " unloaded cargo throughout the day .
kennedy demanded a retraction .
just before the retraction , criticism arose over the fact that the royal free hospital had received £ 55,000 in august 1996 from lawyers preparing to sue mmr manufacturers for support of dr. wakefield 's research .
all colon surgery involves only three maneuvers that may vary in complexity depending on the region of the bowel and the nature of the disease which are the retraction of the colon , the division of the attachments to the colon and the dissection of the mesentery .
four months later , the " tribune " printed a retraction noting the story had been " written for the purpose of presenting a theory in an entertaining form . "
goldman was infuriated and publicly took a horse - whip to most at his lecture , demanding a proof or a retraction .
harriet makes amends to her friends by printing a retraction in the class newspaper , and janie and sport forgive her in the end .
the canadian pediatric society poses the question of whether increased uti and balanitis rates in uncircumcised male infants may be caused by forced premature retraction .
there is no brain retraction with this approach , so it is often considered the safest route to remove the tumor .
these more general symptoms include lid retraction , lid lag , and a delay in the downward excursion of the upper eyelid , during downward gaze .
boniface forced the clergy who had nominated dioscorus to sign a retraction and condemn his memory : the document was subsequently destroyed on agapetus i 's orders .
lately published entituled amyntor ( 1699 ) , ably demonstrated that toland 's words should most naturally have been taken to have referred to the new testament , but blackall nevertheless acknowledged toland 's apparent retraction .
there de molay and de charney were slowly burned to death , refusing all offers of pardon for retraction , and bearing their torment with a composure which won for them the reputation of martyrs among the people , who reverently collected their ashes as relics ' .
” he does not utilize the chaucerian palinode , or retraction .
full retraction of the foreskin may not be possible in boys younger than about ten years .
a retraction of a metric space " x " is a function " ƒ " mapping " x " to a subspace of itself , such that
the landing gear retraction system in the skylane rg uses hydraulic actuators powered by an electrically - driven pump .
however , there still remains a controversy over the highly unorthodox retraction on the part of nature .
on february 12 , 2009 , the " world " reported that bates had issued an apology and retraction , and that the libel lawsuit had been settled on confidential terms .
the third quarter of 2008 brought on a gdp retraction of 0.5% the biggest decline since 2001 .
this retraction of british imperialism was a result of india 's enthusiastic participation in world war i.
it was not discovered to be a hoax for several weeks after its publication and , even then , the newspaper did not issue a retraction .
when the victor " daily record , " a strong voice of the wfm , erroneously charged that one of the soldiers was an ex - convict , its staff was imprisoned before a retraction could be published .
the following year , after a gao auditand threats of a lawsuit , the station broadcast a retraction .
an attorney from the school district requested a retraction .
after the retraction of the second round of simplification , the prc stated that it wished to keep chinese orthography stable .
high winds can cause damage to an extended awning , and newer designs incorporate a wind sensor for automatic retraction in certain conditions .
they state that the retraction document was deemed authentic by rizal expert , teodoro kalaw ( a 33rd degree mason ) and " handwriting experts ... known and recognized in our courts of justice , " h. otley beyer and dr. josé i. del rosario , both of up .
nansook hong , moon 's estranged daughter - in - law , has said that she believes the sex claims are true , writing : " i 've always wondered what the price was of that retraction . "
the case " n " = 2 is less obvious , but can be proven by using basic arguments involving the fundamental groups of the respective spaces : the retraction would induce an injective group homomorphism from the fundamental group of " s " 1 to that of " d " 2 , but the first group is isomorphic to z while the latter group is trivial , so this is impossible .
" post - dispatch " retraction .
the orbits open ventrally through the roof of the mouth to accommodate eye retraction during locomotion and swallowing .
the article written by philips was found out to be completely false and the paper later published a front page retraction .
errors and slanders are never retracted , or the retraction is buried in the paper months later .
one thing to note is that the nanchang cj-6 makes extensive use of pneumatics to control the gear and flap extension / retraction , operate the brakes and start the engine .
in april 2006 , pitchfork erroneously announced that thomas and american musician sufjan stevens were having a baby together , but were forced to print a retraction .
there is controversy on whether rizal actually wrote a document of retraction which stated : " i retract with all my heart whatever in my words , writings , publications and conduct have been contrary to my character as a son of the catholic church . "
eliot was forced to issue a public retraction and apology .
the windows vista freecell implementation contains basic hints and unlimited move retraction , and the option to restart the game .
the paper defended its statements , stating that " a retraction was not under consideration " .
the writer and artist concocted a fake letter from a fictitious minister praising the story , and mailed it to marvel from texas ; marvel unwittingly printed the letter , and dropped the retraction order .
then a retraction is published for all the people who got hurt .
however , the retraction received little attention .
in addition to the retraction in canada , the company also expanded in a strategic north - south direction in the central united states .
the mail online , uk / at 6:42 pm on 16 july 2008 confirmed in a retraction issued , that they " in an article on 31 may may have suggested that jan hamilton had sought £ 250,000 for hurt feelings in her industrial action against the mod. " and that they " are happy to clarify that ms hamilton neither sought nor received £ 250,000 for hurt feelings .
summit posited five stages , secrecy , helplessness , entrapment and accommodation , delayed disclosure and retraction .
a 16-month federal investigation concluded that there was " no credible evidence that terex supplied scud missile launchers to iraq " and the new york times printed a retraction of their seymour m. hersh article saying " the times has no evidence that contradicts the task force 's findings."the sunday herald in 2005 reported on documents provided by iraq to the un naming companies that had provided assistance to iraq 's weapons program .
it follows from the above that hirt 's law must have preceded winter 's law , but was necessarily posterior to balto - slavic oxytonesis ( shift of stress from inner syllable to the end of the word in accent paradigms with end - stressed forms ) , because oxytonesis - originating accent was preserved in non - laryngeal declension paradigms ; e.g. the retraction occurs in mobile * eh₂-stems so thus have dative plural of slovene " goràm " and chakavian " goràmi " ( < pbsl .
the retraction of accent from the ending to the vowel immediately preceding the stem - ending laryngeal ( as in pbsl .
in science , a retraction of a published scientific article indicates that the original article should not have been published and that its data and conclusions should not be used as part of the foundation for future research .
retraction of ancient astronaut theories .
class 1 : only signs ( limited to upper lid retraction and stare , with or without lid lag )
corman was influenced by the french doctor claude sigaud ( 1862 - 1921 ) , incorporating his idea of " dilation and retraction " into morphopsychology .
the fpp is also preserved by any retraction .
in addition , the court found that the " national enquirer " did not qualify as a " newspaper " under california libel law , and was thus not protected by the fact that it had issued a retraction .
however the " globe " soon printed a retraction regarding the title .
nevertheless , abc made the retraction and apology , which made wallace furious .
( the retraction diacritic in serves merely to emphasize that it is further back than .
the case continued until 1988 when the " the guardian " apologised , published a retraction and paid £ 14,000 in libel damages in an out - of - court settlement .
the lawsuit asks for nearly us$ 65 million in damages , and that " the new york times " print a page - one retraction of previously published articles .
no retraction was necessary in 2003 , when lyne and his team discovered , the first binary system found in which both components were pulsed neutron stars .
once the tilt back has been initiated , then gravity takes over and supplies the force to complete the full cylinder retraction .
food was processed through retraction of the lower jaw when the mouth closed , producing a powerful shearing action ( crompton and hotton 1967 ) , which would have enabled dicynodonts to cope with tough plant material .
howe demanded a retraction of the declaration of independence , which was refused , and negotiations ended until 1781 .
they eventually achieved what one scholar described as a " meagre victory " : a retraction by " bild - zeitung " .
the wording of harrison 's editorial was erroneous , and in the issue of 14 november 1931 , harrison printed a retraction / correction , including the text of the indictment as it related to hess .
clot retraction .
he later issued a " complete retraction " , saying that he had not expressed himself clearly and was fully supportive of the harper government .
also there is an allegation that the retraction document was a forgery .
the clip is unsheathed by retraction at the handle , positioned , and " fired " by the assistant to treat the lesion .
in february 2010 , the oxford mail reported that the independent newspaper had alleged that tony baldry mp had " written to foreign secretary david miliband to warn a scotland yard investigation into nigerian businessman james ibori could ' damage british interests in the country ' " , but that mr baldry had branded the story " seriously defamatory and untrue " , and that he had hired libel lawyers to seek a retraction .
ron paul retraction .
the " valley of death " report claimed sarin nerve gas had been used , and other war crimes had been committed by u.s. forces during tailwind , kicking off a controversy that ended in retraction of the claim by both news organizations and purging all staff members responsible for it .
this was inspired in part by the retraction of a high - profile paper from 2004 which originally described the computational design of a protein with improved enzymatic activity compared to its natural form .
initially it was thought perez fell from the aircraft during flight , either during a secondary retraction to clear a warning light , or during landing preparation as socarras indicated he spoke to perez during some duration of the flight .
in response to such criticism , " time " subsequently added an intended clarification ( or quasi - retraction ) in an online version of klein 's disputed column — " in the original version of this story , joe klein wrote that the house democratic version of the foreign intelligence surveillance act ( fisa ) would allow a court review of individual foreign surveillance targets .
the new fighter had many novel features , such as tricycle landing gear ( with a nose gear strut that twisted through 90º during retraction , to a " flat " orientation under the engine ) and a pressurized cockpit , which would have given it more comfortable and effective high - altitude performance .
retraction of an interpretation .
which led to a retraction of the article regarding kristin halvorsen
although a retraction mechanism is not known , it has been hypothesized that the claws later retract passively , while the damaged tissue is regenerated .
with retraction of the lung tissue , there is compensatory emphysema .
in retraction of its original story , the pittsburgh post - gazette stated , " 8,000 to 10,000 copies of a tommy chong documentary were not seized in the raid .
okruashvili 's lawyer and other opposition leaders said his retraction had been made under duress .
retraction of an interpretation .
a spokeswoman for the law library of congress -- one of six library of congress agencies -- said on 29 october 2009 that the research agency stood by the report and that librarian of congress james billington would prepare a response to the lawmakers who have requested retraction or correction of the report .
later the retraction of stress spread by analogy to non - consonant stems in case - forms where pedersen 's law applied ( commonly termed " barytonesis " ) .
the 207 model was similar to the 204 , except the retraction button had been moved to the side .
bose demanded a retraction when they learned that consumer reports changed what the original reviewer wrote about the speakers in his pre - publication draft , which the magazine refused to do .
both luther and calvin developed their own theologies from augustine 's erroneous writings , and ignoring augustine 's later retraction .
they were successful , and " toronto life " published a full retraction , but their heavy fisted response soured many in the canadian media to the reichmanns .
this is because if formula_3 is a retraction and formula_1 is any continuous function , then the composition formula_5 ( where formula_6 is inclusion ) has a fixed point .
though the autopsy noted her death as accidental , the " washington post " reported that paulina committed suicide ( at her mother 's request the newspaper later printed a retraction ) .
the propeller was indexed to stop in a vertical position and its lower tip moved forward on retraction into a slot in the bulkhead , whilst the other blade pressed on a lever that caused hinged fairing doors , previously held open with springs , to close over it .
the retraction of was independently observed in vancouver and is more advanced for ontarians and women than for people from the prairies or atlantic canada and men .
the term " pedersen 's law " is also applied to later common slavic developments in which the stress retraction to prefixes / proclitics can be traced in mobile paradigms , such as russian " ná vodu " ' onto the water ' , " né byl " ' was not ' , " pródal " ' sold ' , and " póvod " ' rein ' .
in addition to jail time , poehlman will be permanently barred from getting more federal research grants , and was ordered by the court to write letters of retraction and correction to several scientific journals .
as a result of the retraction of the upper eyelid , the white of the sclera is visible at the upper margin of the cornea in direct outward stare .
combined with a slight bolt retraction at the last stage of the bolt opening cycle , caused by the cammed surface on the rear receiver bridge , this results in a positive cartridge case extraction .
on 19 december 2009 , acta crystallographica section e published an online editorial announcing the retraction of 70 papers from two groups of jinggangshan university , led by dr. h. zhong and professor t. liu .
the retraction of the paper led to questions over its publication .
the vocative singular is also the only case for which the thematic nouns show " accent retraction " , a leftward shift of the accent , denoted by .
the effective retraction area is often much less than the extension area .
another source of criticism was the want of vigour which he alleged against the london vicar in combating the blanchardist schism among the french emigrant clergy , especially the restoration of one of them , abbé de travaux , to spiritual faculties without a public retraction .
during mission sts-116 , when a station solar panel array became stuck in mid - retraction , coleman led the team responsible for devising its recovery .
" celebrity babylon " agreed to issue a retraction and apology on the understanding that ronson would drop the claim ; hilton 's lawyers asked the judge to throw out the case as an assault on his free speech rights .
in 1969 tisserant demanded a retraction from cardinal leo joseph suenens for the " defamatory and slanderous " statements the archbishop of brussels - mechelen made against the bureaucracy of the roman curia .
the retraction of the september 2002 ricaurte article was published in the 12 september 2003 of " science " ( volume 301 , page 1479 ) .
in a private settlement , wilson was forced to publish an apology and retraction acknowledging that there had been no basis for his claims .
similarly , levelling brought about the fourth and final phase involving the retraction to velar in slavic and some middle indian languages ( with parallels in languages like spanish ) .
rumours relating eating pork and koro spread after a further report of an inoculated pig dying from penile retraction .
after wardle 's retraction of " comedy of menace " as he had applied it to pinter 's writing , pinter himself also occasionally disavowed it and questioned its relevance to his work ( as he also did with his own offhand but apt statement that his plays are about " the weasel under the cocktail cabinet " ) .
there are many other allophonic processes in english , like lack of plosion , nasal plosion , partial devoicing of sonorants , complete devoicing of sonorants , partial devoicing of obstruents , lengthening and shortening vowels , and retraction .
at 16:10:24 ( 114 seconds ) , the leading edge devices were selected to be retracted at a height above the ground of and a speed of ; below the minimum speed specified in the aircraft manual for leading edge device retraction .
in topology , a retraction , as the name suggests , " retracts " an entire space into a subspace .
montane and piedmont glaciers formed the land by grinding away virtually all traces of the older günz and mindel glaciation , by depositing base moraines and terminal moraines of different retraction phases and loess deposits , and by the pro - glacial rivers ' shifting and redepositing gravels .
one often described feature is the turtle sign , which involves the appearance and retraction of the fetal head ( analogous to a turtle withdrawing into its shell ) , and the erythematous , red puffy face indicative of facial flushing .
it has been hypothesised that skin sagging and wrinkles may occur not only because of loss of soft tissue and fat , but also because bone retraction creates an excess of skin which is no longer flexible .
moderate use of the technique and , most importantly , retraction of the ventricular folds while singing is vital to safe belting .
he was also among the bishops who witnessed a retraction of the messallian heresy made by the priest nestorius of the monastery of mar yozadaq in 790 before his consecration as bishop of beth nuhadra .
pain evokes a withdrawal reflex which leads to retraction and therefore a reaction trying to protect an endangered part of the body .
when a local paper in 1945 reported that president shukri al - quwatli ( 1943–1949 ) had called the druzes a " dangerous minority " , sultan pasha al - atrash flew into a rage and demanded a public retraction .
it involves a morbid fear of retraction of the penis into the abdomen with the belief that this will lead to death .
pure beta blockers do not inhibit lid - retraction in the eyes , which is mediated by alpha adrenergic receptors .
the situation escalated into a diplomatic incident between the countries as the mcc — supported by the british public and still of the opinion that their " fast leg theory " tactic was harmless — took serious offence at being branded " unsportsmanlike " and demanded a retraction .
these include beliefs that it is possible to predict the size of someone 's penis by observing other bodily features such as the hands , feet , nose or height , and in some cases so - called " penis panic " - a form of mass hysteria involving the believed removal or shrinking of the penis , known as genital retraction syndrome .
to prevent a lawsuit , the station aired a retraction and donated $ 50,000 to the fund .
pain is part of the body 's defense system , producing a reflexive retraction from the painful stimulus , and tendencies to protect the affected body part while it heals , and avoid that harmful situation in the future .
karlstadt was not allowed to preach or publish , and supported his family as a bartender near wittenberg until 1529 when he retracted his pseudo retraction .
retraction ( disambiguation ) .
signature then requested a retraction .
the space suits were prepared ( adjusting sizes and replacing lioh canisters ) and the crew went through the new procedures which had been developed for attempting to enable the solar array retraction .
the endomorphism itself is termed an idempotent endomorphism or a retraction .
robinson successfully sued for libel , prompting a total retraction and substantial damages .
in 2009 , alasdair mcdonnell demanded an apology from donaldson and a retraction of his claim that catholics owed allegiance in the first instance to the pope and the vatican .
extremely anxious sufferers and their family members may resort to physical methods to prevent the believed retraction of the penis .
this was an advanced design with a pressurized cockpit , twin ejection seats ( the first to be planned for use in any combat aircraft ) , tricycle landing gear featuring a nosegear that rotated its main strut through 90º during retraction , to fit flat within the forward fuselage , and remotely - controlled defensive gun turrets similar to those used by the messerschmitt me 210 .
retraction .
in general , this phase represents a major cultural retraction in terms of territory and two significant episodes of reorganization .
patients may also present with pupillary disturbances and eyelid retraction ( collier 's sign ) .
. dually , if " retraction " of a morphism exists , it is called retractable .
that slat retraction increased the stall speed of the left wing to a speed that was at least 6 knots " higher " than the prescribed v2 speed , at which the plane was then flying .
an email from lord carey of clifton on the day of publication was circulated in which he strongly denied this and said " i am hopping mad and will want a retraction from the [ sunday telegraph ] , otherwise i will lodge a complaint . "
loewen 's faction refused to recognize the retraction , and held that kurt loeb was the party 's duly recognized interim leader .
the " enquirer " published a short retraction in april 1976 , saying that
all other primary objectives were achieved , including partial retraction of the starboard p6 solar array .
almost all cases of synkinesis develop as a sequel to nerve trauma ( the exception is when it is congenitally acquired as in duane - retraction syndrome and marcus gunn phenomenon ) .
an editorial in the journal nature called the retraction " one of the more bizarre episodes in the history of drug research " and noted that " some observers have in the past questioned nida 's ability to maintain its independence in the face of the immense pressures brought to bear by those who stand behind america 's interminable ' war on drugs ' . "
a belated retraction , the authenticity or sincerity of which has never been well established , was attributed to him .
the star rode a donkey " in some rhotic english accents , and 我女兒入醫院/我女儿入医院 wǒ nǚ'ér rù yīyuàn " my daughter entered the hospital " in standard mandarin , both have a first " r " pronounced with a relatively lax tongue , whereas the second /r/ sounds involves an active retraction of the tongue and contact with the top of the mouth .
in most cases caries were associated with " severe gingival retraction , sepsis , exposure of cementum , and loosening of teeth " .
his ' popularity ' in ireland is encapsulated by an incident in which the dublin post of 2 may 1811 reported his death , he demanded a retraction which they printed under the headline " public disappointment " .
theotgaud was now freed from the ban , but gunther remained excommunicated until the summer of 869 , when , after a public retraction , he was admitted by the pope to lay communion at monte cassino .
forcible retraction of the foreskin .
the colombian coffee - growers federation will seek at least $ 20,000,000 " for damage and harm , detriment to intellectual property and defamation " as well as a retraction from all newspapers that published the comic strip that day .
the bishop mushe of taimana was among the bishops who witnessed a retraction of the messallian heresy made by the priest nestorius of the monastery of mar yozadaq in 790 before his consecration as bishop of beth nuhadra .
the boundary would have to contain at least two end points , both of which would have to lie on the boundary of the original ball — which is impossible in a retraction .
full retraction .
during the economic retraction following the dot - com era , mr. willison launched a successful technology consulting practice which developed technologies for charles schwab , microsoft , ebay.com , and at&t.
this external retraction force is usually gravity acting on the weight of the load .
indeed , the inclusion formula_10 and the deformation retraction formula_11 are homotopy equivalences .
editor - in - chief stan lee , seeing the issue after publication , ordered englehart and brunner to print a retraction saying this was not god but " a " god , so as to avoid offending religious readers .
the " times " did , however , subsequently publish a retraction of the advertisement upon the demand of governor john patterson of alabama , who asserted that the publication charged him with " grave misconduct and ... improper actions and omissions as governor of alabama and ex - officio chairman of the state board of education of alabama .
abadie 's sign is spasm of the levator palpebrae superioris muscle with retraction of the upper lid ( so that sclera is visible above cornea ) seen in graves - basedow disease which , together with exophthalmos causes the bulging eyes appearance .
the commissioner frees lexie from printing a retraction , has carter maintain the ruse ( but makes him give a hefty part of his paycheck to a charitable army cause ) , and fires carter 's conniving manager .
usually the diagnosis is suspected clinically , and it can be confirmed radiologically by characteristic imaging features that include maxillary sinus outlet obstruction , sinus opacification , and sinus volume loss caused by inward retraction of the sinus walls .
today , kaiserslautern high school ’s enrollment has decreased due to continuous construction of ramstein ’s facilities as well as retraction of military forces in europe .
these attempts were successful , resulting in the retraction of several newspaper stories critical of falun gong .
while many two - seat derivatives of single - seat sailplanes have fixed undercarriage , due to the added space restrictions created by the second seat , grob devised a novel retraction system for the twin astir .
either the prefix " post- " may be used to indicated retraction , as above , or phrases like " retracted i " may be used .
since the mec apparently believes that falsely invoking the imprimatur of the national association of medical examiners in this fashion is acceptable , the executive committee of name demands that the mec officially acknowledge and make public retraction of the inconsistencies noted above . "
he wrote papers , articles and a book about jose rizal , specially dealing with rizal 's retraction , entitled " .
this increased sensitivity due to their nature as internal structures , is also found in younger uncircumcised males , particularly before full retraction around puberty has occurred .
subsequently , the " philippine daily inquirer " printed a retraction and apologized for printing the statement upon their verification of the hoax .
formal retraction .
repudiation and retraction .
prior to windows vista , the versions for windows have been limited in their player assistance features , such as retraction of moves .
a demand for retraction was issued by the anti - defamation league citing the story to be " unfairly tarnish[ing ] the reputation of israel 's men and women in uniform " .
subsequently , dressler published an authors ' statement " about the existence and nature of ' transfer factor ' " in this same journal , making a " statement of uncertainty and potential retraction with our sincere apologies " .
three of its most important functions are allowing indirect vision by the dentist , reflecting light onto desired surfaces , and retraction of soft tissues .
it features a top speed of 72 km / h on both land and water , a proprietary marine jet propulsion system , and five - second wheel retraction .
in early 2007 a group of scientists and aids activists , including mark wainberg , demanded a retraction and apology from the bbc , charging that the bbc documentary " guinea pig kids " was " inflammatory , deceptive , error - filled and dangerous " .
when there is a more severe upper lid retraction or exposure keratitis , marginal myotomy of levator palpebrae associated with lateral tarsal canthoplasty is recommended .
rarely , planes use wheels only for take off and drop them afterwards , to gain the improved streamlining without the complexity , weight and space requirements of a retraction mechanism , with such jettisonable wheels sometimes mounted onto axles that were part of a separate " dolly " ( for main wheels only ) or " trolley " ( for a three wheel set with a nosewheel ) chassis .
this history was a broad survey of the historical rise and fall , expansion and retraction , and spread of the european races from their homelands .
a 16-month federal investigation concluded that there was " no credible evidence that terex supplied scud missile launchers to iraq " and the new york times printed a retraction of their seymour m. hersh article saying " the times has no evidence that contradicts the task force 's findings."the sunday herald in 2005 reported on documents provided by iraq to the un naming companies that had provided assistance to iraq 's weapons program .
on occasion , though , he uses it as a tool for his own mischief ( such as issuing a denial over allegations that he and laura slept together , knowing that it will only increase speculation , and then a retraction of the denial - all in order to annoy laura ( 2.12 ) ) .
one company offers a wing front spar reinforcement kit for 200 series aircraft and a modification to replace the electro - mechanical landing gear retraction system of early - build aircraft with an electro - hydraulic system .
some staff members frantically insisted that i issue a denial or retraction immediately .
additional retraction force can be applied to a stranded vessel through the use of up to six legs of beach gear , consisting of 6,000 pound stato anchors , wire rope , chain , and salvage buoys .
for the orthogonal group as a maximal compact in the general linear group , this decomposition is the qr decomposition , and the deformation retraction is the gram - schmidt process .
for " n " > 2 , however , proving the impossibility of the retraction is more difficult .
control of the undercarriage retraction and wing folding was accomplished with a single three position lever in the cockpit .
the me 210 's main landing gear followed some of the design philosophies that had resulted from the main change in the earlier ju 88 's main landing gear design , where each main gear had a single gear strut that twisted through 90º during retraction , to bring the main gear wheel resting atop the lower end of the main strut when retracted rearwards into the wing .
retraction .
as yet , yle has declined to broadcast a retraction or to reveal its sources , because criminal investigation by the finnish national bureau of investigation is still underway .
this undercarriage ( built by dowty in england ) was the subject of patents in norway , sweden , and canada , and was constructed in such a way that the skis would be properly aligned for retraction and extension , and while lowered in flight , but would be free to move under landing forces , pivoting and deflecting to facilitate a smooth landing on rough snow or ice .
the retraction sequence is very quick , lasting less than 5 seconds .
nhk sued kodansha in the tokyo district court , which ordered kodansha to publish a retraction and to pay ¥ 4 million in damages .
but since the specific plan is not securely integrated within the existing zoning ordinance , it may be more politically vulnerable to retraction .
