reviewers have noted that rakoff tries to be judicious in his choice of targets for his sometimes caustic humour .
the game was revisited in " dragon " # 124 , where the reviewers stated that " realms of darkness " is enjoyable ( despite the mediocre graphics ) , and you ’ll immerse yourself in its secrets for many , many hours . "
since " barbellion " was the real author 's pen name , many reviewers believed wells to have been the true author of the " journal " ; wells always denied this , despite being full of praise for the diaries , but the rumours persisted until barbellion 's death later that year .
reviewers spotted parallels between the " einai " universe and the universe of ' as soon as the first book in the series was published .
yet miller maintains that she does not want to sacrifice art to overt political or racial symbolism , and this opinion has earned her both praise and criticism from reviewers and others .
numerous reviewers have praised the novel and its interactive games and puzzles . " publishers weekly " said that " the appeal of the book lies in the puzzles , which involves unscrambling clues hidden in rhyming verses and then tackling various stunts ( obstacle courses , mazes , scavenger hunts ) that get increasingly difficult as the field is winnowed " . "
due to the lack of substantial market penetration by the mega drive of japan and the lack of publicity for the game overseas , " alisia dragoon " did not make a big impact on the video game market , despite the praise it received from several reviewers .
while " cobra verde " was probably the least well - received of the five collaborations between herzog and kinski , it was still something of a critical success , with many reviewers hailing it as a masterful adaptation of chatwin 's novel , and despite its flaws , something of an artistic triumph .
the reviewers gave the game 4 1/2 out of 5 stars .
it was the lowest - rated episode of the season and had the lowest original episode rating for " the office " in two years , which reviewers said was especially surprising given that it was a season finale episode .
however , most reviewers are positive about the show .
even when a manuscript is considered fundamentally acceptable , the expert reviewers usually give many comments or criticisms , and the author is expected to revise the manuscript accordingly .
despite being filmed in aspect ratio , the dvd is fullscreen only , to the chagrin of reviewers and fans .
the action caused jaffe to stop blogging for over a month , and called into question whether or not it was appropriate for someone from the game industry to put pressure on reviewers .
the reviewers gave the game 4 1/2 out of 5 stars .
some reviewers , however , praised the song .
the reviewers gave the game 2 1/2 out of 5 stars .
moreover , in recent years , kakutani 's particularly harsh reviews of books by famous authors ( for example , john updike 's " the widows of eastwick " ) are followed by usually milder or openly positive reviews of the same titles by other " times " reviewers .
scientific papers and research are subject to peer review but , in most cases , the reviewers will be drawn from cognate or related fields .
many reviewers noted the dark story lines of the series , which were constantly mentioned as a reason why the show never became widely popular .
reviewers also appreciated the destructibility of the environment , role - playing elements and " squad - based tactical combat " .
manuscripts will be reviewed by a member of the editorial board and by at least two anonymous reviewers .
also , some reviewers criticized the control , finding it too imprecise compared to the other mario games .
again the album initially saw favourable reviews , with " rolling stone " stating " sabotage " is not only black sabbath 's best record since " paranoid " , it might be their best ever " , although later reviewers such as allmusic noted that " the magical chemistry that made such albums as " paranoid " and " volume 4 " so special was beginning to disintegrate " .
since ruger 's introduction of its lcp pocket pistol , some reviewers have characterized the ruger offering as comparable to the p-3at .
many reviewers also said the mere title demonstrated the crudeness and originality of " south park " .
film reviewers complimented davis on her performance , the " national board of review " commenting that she gave the film " a dignity not fully warranted by the script " .
it is the main chip inside the gainclone amplifier which surprised many high - end audio reviewers .
" dementia 13 " has a 53% favorable rating on the " tomatoemeter " at rotten tomatoes , out of fifteen reviewers surveyed .
the good nature of ben and evil nature of brother justin seemed clearer to most reviewers , with " many bizarre coincidences that seem to imply a deeper and more sinister connection " between the two main characters .
at first , few compatibles other than compaq 's offered compatibility beyond the dos / bios level . reviewers and users developed suites of programs to test compatibility ; the ability to run lotus 1 - 2 - 3 or microsoft flight simulator became one of the most significant stress tests .
the last man " received the worst reviews of all of mary shelley 's novels : most reviewers derided the very theme of lastness , which had become a common one in the previous two decades .
after the story is finished feature stories in the same subject as the book are profiled , and youth reviewers give critiques of three additional books .
reviewers considered the writing for each episode as one of the best features of the game ; they also praised the level of humor in the game , although dickens felt that it was not until the fourth episode that the writing properly established itself .
many reviewers have also noted that the current product does not have the same consistency as the original product
the reviewers gave the game 4 out of 5 stars .
george gordon , lord byron , another cambridge graduate , refers to recipients of the celebrated university prize as " seaton 's sons " in his poem " english bards and scotch reviewers " ( 1809 ) .
reviewers vary on how to achieve that , however .
with professional reviewers liking the album 's ballads and classic sound , the album was praised for monica 's soulful and clear voice .
other reviewers felt that these two genres do not merge well within the game ; game informer noted that while the player is given numerous small puzzles to solve , the mysteries of the main plot are basically solved for the player .
for a long time , now , picture play reviewers have been fond of saying ' up to the usual paramount standard . '
the situation was somewhat improved in the second volume , but reviewers did not recommend the novelization as an alternative to the animated versions — only as a source for learning more about the characters and their internal motivations .
the reviewers gave the game 3 out of 5 stars .
reviewers saw " what the dead know " as a success both as a well - crafted mystery and as an emotionally powerful novel . "
the programme includes interviews with newsmakers , reviewers , scientists , celebrity commentators , artists and actors , live in - studio performances by bands and artists , and musical selections from mccarthy and mckenzie .
the reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars .
" strange brother " received mixed reviews upon its publication . reviewers were not offended by the homosexual theme and noted the situations in the novel were portrayed with tolerance and sympathy rather than approval .
as well as providing a 21-page booklet containing artwork , background story , and six pages of instructions regarding the game 's control system , the booklet invited reviewers to " open your mind and hands for something very different . "
almost a decade after its premiere , mick martin and marsha porter critiqued the first - person camera shots that earlier film reviewers had praised and later slasher - film directors utilized for their own films ( for example , " friday the 13th " ( 1980 ) .
" arabian nights " is a 1994 platform game first released on the commodore amiga which was highly rated from reviewers receiving 90% from cu amiga and 83% from amiga joker .
newspaper reviewers frequently made special note of his contribution to performances with comments such as ' a great deal of the success of the performance was due to the fine work of g. vern barnett at the piano ' and ' mr g. vern barnett likewise did his part of the work with consummate taste and feeling , and gave the requisite help to the melodies without any attempt to secure undue prominence for himself , although his accomplishments in this capacity are undeniable ' .
" despite negative commentary , though , many reviewers admitted that the game was enjoyable , if only for the first eight to ten minutes .
reviewers have compared his crisp prose and caustic humor to nathanael west , donald barthelme , joseph heller and thomas mcguane .
several reviewers and commentators praised the episode 's satire of disney marketing tactics , particularly through its portrayal of mickey mouse as a foul - mouthed , greedy , and physically violent company president .
although this was just a single sentence in a 461-page book , reviewers focused on it .
the football team 's performance of " single ladies " and kurt 's coming out to his father were generally well received , however rachel 's actions garnered little sympathy , and several reviewers commented negatively on quinn 's pregnancy , with eric goldman of ign deeming it " a very soap opera plotline " .
robinson 's work has been labeled by reviewers as literary science fiction .
brottman suggests , however , " all its reviewers seem to have misunderstood ... that the point of the book ... is trying to understand what the dirty joke " itself " is trying to explain " .
the reviewers gave the game 3 out of 5 stars .
among the early reviewers was john hill hewitt , who wrote of poe that " no man has been more shamefully overestimated " .
final fantasy xi wings of the goddess original soundtrack " received mixed reviews from reviewers , with patrick gann saying that " it is consistently good , but rarely is it mind - blowing " .
several reviewers praised the film for being more subdued than most of sci - fi 's gore - filled creature films and for its use of a live tiger rather than poor cgi effects .
reviewers disagreed whether the album could only be enjoyed by " xenogears " players , or if it could be appreciated by a wider audience .
" darkwatch " has received positive reviews from many reviewers , including 7.9 at gamespot and ign .
classified as pop , electronica , trance , house , progressive - house , or techno by different music reviewers and critics most people identify techno squirrels ' sound by its cohesive similarity to itself more than its comparison to other artists .
the game was criticized for its difficulty , its simplistic combat model , the time spent transporting ore between asteroids , and the large amount of micromanagement involved once the player 's empire got large — although reviewers noted that the latter two could be countered by the ore teleporter blueprint and colony supervisors respectively .
instead , many experimenters ( and reviewers ) continued to treat the concept as though it were a key element in nlp , thereby vastly overestimating the significance of the corresponding experimental results .
glimmerati generally received high ratings from reviewers , earning an 82 out of 100 .
grant was also paired with sandra bullock in warner bros. 's " two weeks notice " , which made $ 199 million internationally but was judged poorly by professional reviewers .
the game received a mostly positive reception : reviewers enjoyed the action mini - game which is played when chocolates are manufactured , as well as the game 's graphics , sound , and victorian - era presentation .
combining hard - driving rock and blues with modern touches and arrangements , they are often described by reviewers as reminiscent of 1970s rock bands led zeppelin and cream .
this book received serious critical attention from reviewers in major newspapers who explained , and criticized , the analysis of ginsberg and co - author matthew crenson .
the fundamentalist reviewers attacked the film as immoral for presenting a story world of divine spirits and promoting the idea of the fundamental spiritual equality of humanity and animals which was at odds with the bible .
the three o'clock disbanded shortly after the release of " vermillion " despite reviewers who emphasized the " baroque " nature of their later music and its pretty harmonies .
it was korn 's " single of the month " as guest reviewers in metal hammer magazine .
also , reviewers have noted that , although his work is wry and full of scepticism , it is not cynical .
both reviewers also agreed that the album was within the style that minsk was known for , with ogle claiming that " the end result is unmistakably minsk " , though they disagreed about how much experimentation occurred within that sound .
waters found it daunting to follow the success of " tipping the velvet " and reviewers marked the differences in the main characters : where nan adventurously seeks out and sates her desires , margaret in " affinity " is compelled by desire , but internally struggles with it .
reviewers celebrated mcewan 's dissection of the quotidien , and his talent for observation and description .
reviewers for african american newspapers were especially pleased to see such a production in an important venue like ford 's theater .
reviewers may be specialists on the topic , but most are not and it soon becomes obvious whether the average researcher can understand an entry .
the comments made by reviewers fall , roughly into two categories : technical comments and subjective / artistic comments .
some reviewers such as " gamepro " found the conversion shortcomings to be largely negligible , claiming that it " still holds its own as a solidly constructed but direct port in the more crowded playstation 2 fantasy camp " but added that it was still " overshadowed by final fantasy x. " ign still regarded the playstation 2 version as " a good game " and one of the top role - playing games for the system at the time , but remarked that the " time and stress of transition " as well as the emergence of other prominent games during the one - year time frame had diluted the port 's appeal .
it received near universal praise from game reviewers and has been described as one of the greatest game soundtracks of all time .
culture , with writers and reviewers covering such beats as theatre , music and film .
critical reaction to the film was generally positive , although reviewers were mixed regarding whether they considered the film the highest or lowest point of the " mad max " trilogy .
over the past few years we have gained at least ten reviewers this way . "
" tempting danger " was nominated for the 2004 romantic times reviewers ' choice award in the category contemporary paranormal romance .
" almost all reviewers were unanimous about the brilliant performances of the lead stars , especially of priyamani , anoop menon and prithviraj .
the savage , anonymous criticism this received ( now known to be the work of henry peter brougham ) in the " edinburgh review " prompted his first major satire , " english bards and scotch reviewers " ( 1809 ) .
" king of swords " has met with equally strong critical acclaim in the uk , with several reviewers considering the novel superior to his debut .
when the first edition was published by the oup in 1955 it became an instant classic and the definitive reference work for historians of photography for decades afterwards , being described by beaumont newhall as " a milestone in the history of photography " and by other reviewers as " the photographer 's bible " and " an encyclopaedic work " .
the proof and discussion of its consequences however involved heavy mathematics , and the paper was passed over by two reviewers .
the film garnered a 2% approval rating on the website , with reviewers calling his performance " lackluster " and " wasted " .
the vast majority of mainstream music reviewers did not provide a critical analysis of " d.s. " in their reviews of " history " and any analysis only covered the connection to tom sneddon and the song 's genre .
reviewers from the " yomiuri shimbun " rated the live - action adaptation an average two out of three stars and ranked it third overall among 11 series which aired in summer 2009 .
the game received positive reviews upon its release due to its graphics and gameplay , but was criticized for not being up to the standards of what many reviewers were used to by its developer .
the group was moderately well received by reviewers .
the visual appearances of the hollows in the anime and manga have also received notice from reviewers .
more troubling to several reviewers was the game 's copy protection system .
in a further policy change that month , reviewers received credit as contributors in issues carrying their reviews .
the reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars .
the games ' graphics and audio also received praise and criticism from reviewers .
based on 56 reviews collected by " rotten tomatoes " , 46% of the reviewers enjoyed the film , with an average score of 5.6/10 . " mars attacks ! " was more balanced with the 15 critics in " rotten tomatoes " top critics " poll , receiving a 33% approval rating and a 5.2/10 score .
advanced copies were handed out to marketers and reviewers with a warning , or as joshua cain described it , " a threatening letter " .
while noting that " we can not say it is something that we haven’t watched before " , the reviewers also commented that the film " starts off in a novel way as far as a telugu film is concerned " .
many reviewers felt that the game should only be recommended to fans of suda 51 .
her work has been described by reviewers in terms that range from " mesmerizing " to " frustrating " , but she is widely respected as an authority in the field and has presided over numerous if contests .
audio reviewers in this camp also claim that double - blind testing does not provide the kind of relaxed extended - listening environment needed to evaluate an audio component .
for better or worse , reviewers felt that the game had not changed much from the pc version in terms of gameplay , story or overall content .
the album was released to mostly generally favorable reviews although some reviewers found the new highly produced full - band sound to be disappointing .
the critical reception to the film was divided ; though reviewers spoke in glowing terms of the formidable cinematography and meticulous composition , they denounced the film 's lack of compelling plot or characters and the tedium and alienation of the viewing experience .
in 1999 v / vm also released a recording of pigs feeding in the north west of englands largest pig farm to the horror of many reviewers who mistook the sound of feeding pigs for that of pigs being killed .
the process can be broken down by the number of volunteers nv and paid reviewers np .
while some reviewers felt disappointment at the lack of new locations in " episode one " , the entirely new rural environments in " episode two " were significantly praised by critics .
several reviewers commented on this .
reviewers have supposedly described it as " an eclectic jumble , distended and unfocused , " and it has been suggested by some that hofstadter 's fluid analogies research group was reluctant to give recognition to the work of a rival lab which they sometimes referred to as " those smug copycats . "
if not for the fact that a studio album was released just before the release of rolling stone 's 500 greatest albums of all time , before any of the reviewers heard it , they would have been one of only two bands in history to have alll of their studio albums in the rs top 500 ( the other being the jimi hendrix experience .
yuki has been described by reviewers as part of the success of the series , in balance with kyo and tohru .
the reviewers gave the game 4 out of 5 stars .
" icon of evil " received a strongly critical response from some reviewers .
similarly , the game modes were received well , " gamepro " described the settings as focusing " on just simple fun " , while several reviewers praised valve for the map " hydro " and its attempts to create a game mode with variety in each map .
despite the importance of brown 's paper , it received very little attention at first ; for example reviewers of king 's book took little notice of it .
reviewers criticized mayer 's account of the holocaust as focused too heavily on nazi anti - communism at the expense of a focus on antisemitism .
other reviewers were more supportive of the film .
by the following year the corners had released debut album soul revolution , described by some reviewers as brilliant and impressive .
most reviewers praised spacek 's performance .
even though it has not been published in english , " yokohama kaidashi kikō " has received significant attention from reviewers outside of japan .
furthermore , dante received a change in his personality which did not go well with reviewers who enjoyed his trash - talking in the first game .
nature responded that any errors on the part of its reviewers were not biased in favor of either encyclopedia , that in some cases it used excerpts of articles from both encyclopedias , and that " britannica " did not share particular concerns with " nature " before publishing its " open letter " rebuttal .
" quake ii " was extremely well - received , by reviewers and gamers alike .
in similar ways , many reviewers have praised the game and many have panned it .
when lodge 's novel first came out , quite a number of reviewers and critics , not appreciating the literary allusions , found fault with lodge for his inhomogeneous writing .
several reviewers , even those who did not enjoy the show , praised poehler 's comedic abilities and said her talent , timing and likability helped elevate the show above some of its flaws .
game reviewers hartley and patricia lesser complimented the game in their " the role of computers " column in " dragon " # 126 ( 1987 ) , stating " there is so much in this game that it ’s going to be quite some time before another flight simulator can offer so much performance for your buck . "
drinkwater 's acerbic vocal style seems to polarise reviewers , and has been likened to tymon dogg , robin williamson , and ian anderson ( musician )
arctic cooling 's products have received critical acclaim and numerous awards from various pc hardware reviewers .
the film is usually seen by critics as one of kevin smith 's best films in his career , earning a 91% from reviewers at rotten tomatoes .
the tone of these reviews led james atlas in the " new york times magazine " to conclude " the responses to bloom 's book have been charged with a hostility that transcends the usual mean - spiritedness of reviewers .
allen shows that in several places , notably in the reading " manner of time " at revelation 13:8 , the reviewers incorporated a reading from the rheims text specifically in accordance with this principle .
the album from ilayaraaja , which was critically praised , won haasan accolades for her efforts with reviewers , " screen india " praising that she " has the makings of a good singer , and with some training she should go great guns " .
while reviewers still loved her voice the album was panned as too lightweight and having no atmospheric punch .
games targeted specifically at female players are not referred to as bishōjo games , but categorized under the broader genre of adventure or simulation by publishers , and commonly referred to as otome games or boys ' love games by fans and reviewers .
reviewers appreciated the immediate launch of the game 's party mode once the player put the disk in the system and the ability to jump right into that song through the new menus , and considered this to help make the game enjoyable for social gatherings .
meat loaf becomes angry with raven because the ghost of raven ’s former lover appears at a masquerade ball they are attending ( some reviewers have compared this to the stanley kubrick film " eyes wide shut " . )
" it opened up a whole can of worms really , " iommi explained , " because i think if we could have done it as a solo album , it would have been accepted a lot more . " " seventh star " , which sounded little like a black sabbath album , incorporated more hard rock elements popularised by the 1980s sunset strip hard rock scene , and was panned by the critics of the era , although later reviewers such as " allmusic " gave the album favourable reviews , calling the album " often misunderstood and underrated " .
reviewers also discussed explicit or implicit similarities of the film with the philosophy of hinduism .
other reviewers felt the game was suitable for children and adults .
" the da vinci codes director , ron howard , said that the soundtrack was " powerful , fresh and wonderfully effective " and most film music reviewers agreed with him . and were two popular websites that rated the score highly .
in april 2006 bruce springsteen released a collection of folk songs associated with seeger 's repertoire , titled , ' ( which some reviewers noted that , oddly , contained no songs actually composed by seeger ) .
other reviewers criticized the game for being too similar to the previous titles , and complained that it should have been released for the snes instead with better graphics ; mega man 7 , the next game in the series , received an snes - only release .
an ongoing struggle has ensued between mcguane and his reviewers concerning their expectations for his fiction , and their sense of how much mcguane - the - celebrity was intruding upon his work .
reviewers for cnn and " the new york times " considered the development of the main plot slow and tedious and noted that sub - plots remained underdeveloped and unresolved .
as of november 2007 , the dvd has had an overwhelmingly positive number of reviews on website amazon , with 560 out of 618 reviewers giving it five stars , and on the internet movie database with an average score of 9.4/10 .
the book was well - received by reviewers , and was named a 2005 " recommended read " by the online review of books and current affairs .
newcomer evanna lynch , playing luna lovegood , also received good word from a number of reviewers including the " new york times " who declared her " spellbinding " .
reviewers have commented that these reports are enlivened by his witty literary touch .
as with " freaks " , contemporary reviewers were sometimes less appreciative . "
the phoenix film critics society ( pfcs ) is an organization of film reviewers from phoenix - based publications .
reviewers in this genre very often focus on numbers .
the reviewers gave the game 3 out of 5 stars .
the game 's core is very much that of a classic arcade shooter , although its artistic design , colorful and reminiscent of cel - shading or microscopic medical imaging , has been called " psychedelic " and " an eye - frying minter - esque slice of psychotropic twitch brilliance " by reviewers .
reviewers have reported that the song is about mccartney 's labrador retriever named " jet " .
this has repeatedly led reviewers to use a " swiss army knife " analogy .
the response of major american movie reviewers was widely favorable .
reviewers were divided on the graphics , however ; and the audio was criticized as being primitive .
the browser was available for preview until a limited number of reviewers had participated .
core to the game 's success , according to reviewers , were the basic mechanics of the game .
a few months after the announced release , xgi graphics cards were found by enthusiasts and hardware reviewers to be less than competitive with ati and nvidia cards .
it out compilation at u.s.t.a records and the remix for astral projection " chaos " in their remix compilation album ten which was later considered by many reviewers as the best track in the album , bizzare contact signed a record deal with com .
most reviewers noted that the album would predominantly be of interest to fans of grace slick and jefferson airplane or connoisseurs of the san francisco bay area acid rock scene .
the reaction to " scream " was generally positive among film reviewers , who appreciated the shift from the teen slasher films of the 1980s and their " endless series of laborious , half - baked sequels . "
many reviewers believe that it will be a great game and that ann arbor is a whore .
a common criticism amongst many reviewers was that in spite of its title , no connection is made between fermat 's last theorem and the alien invasion .
this has recently been reissued by electro - harmonix , and whilst having the same circuitry as the original has a somewhat different tone than the original 1970s ones ( described by many reviewers / players as " less exciting " ) .
the diapason d'or is a recommendation to outstanding classical music recordings given by reviewers of diapason ( magazine ) in france , broadly equivalent to editor 's choice , disk of the month in gramophone .
all submissions are subject to peer review by the editorial board and by reviewers with expertise in the appropriate specialties .
other reviewers find the level - building and exploration portions of the game as the most amusing ones .
the dr. fell mystery " the hollow man " ( 1935 ) , usually considered carr 's masterpiece , was selected in 1981 as the best locked - room mystery of all time by a panel of 17 mystery authors and reviewers .
he was a soldier in the first world war , and his first book of poems in 1918 was praised by reviewers , one of whom said he was one of most important ( usa ) poets of the day .
series 6 featured the same two reviewers , while series 7 , due to time constraints and dave perry having resigned from the show 's cast , employed two of its own research staff to present the slot , including richard pitt .
while some reviewers note the lack of religious factors or the compatibility of the training with various religions , others consider its programs to possess religious features , to address participants ' spiritual needs , or even to be a form of new religion .
eurogamer felt that the lack of any distraction or exploration made the game " the rpg equivalent of a corridor shooter " but also remarked , among other reviewers , that every entry in the final fantasy series has been linear to an extent , continuing that the series ' games have only ever offered the " illusion of choice and exploration " , but that its explicit removal in this game meant it " [ loses ] a measure of excitement and romance as a result " .
other reviewers reflect on kingston ’s handling of a theme that pervades the literature of diaspora and immigrant communities , the theme of cross - cultural conflict .
although his good looks diminished , reviewers felt that he used his florid and weatherbeaten face was well in evoking grandeur and self - assuredness in such roles as generals , priests and his familiar shakespearean parts .
some reviewers had also flagged narc as a gta clone , despite the fact that narc did n't have any carjacking in its gameplay - which was a prominent factor of grand theft auto .
as such , several reviewers have stated that games in this genre are partially third person shooters .
many reviewers praised the performances of the two male leads , particularly michael keaton .
the score was well received ; reviewers have praised the quality of the composition despite the limited medium .
reviewers theron martin and carlo santos gave the first episode ratings of 4 out of 5 and 4.5 out of 5 , respectively , while carl kimlinger and casey brienza both rated the episode 5 out of 5 .
the reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars .
reviewers agree that " skin & bone " is as much about los angeles and the film industry as it is about prostitution or even homosexuality .
the final scene in the episode , featuring bart and lisa fighting in the arena , has received overwhelmingly positive remarks from reviewers .
some reviewers found the number of progress checkpoints in the game to be lacking , requiring the player to repeat a long mission if they should die before reaching one .
nominated for the bay area book reviewers best fiction prize .
in 2009 , these novels garnered several reviewers ' choice awards , including the award for best historical biography of the year ( was one of the four nominees ) .
some reviewers , however , cited kelly 's controversial lyricisim as flaws in the album 's material , while also criticizing its quality . "
reviewers criticized later volumes for allowing michiko 's mood swings to get tiresome , and for switching to a more " standard " storyline .
a typical punk scene is made up of punk and hardcore bands ; fans who attend concerts , protests , and other events ; zine publishers , band reviewers , and writers ; visual artists who create illustrations for zines , posters , and album covers ; people who organize concerts , and people who work at music venues or independent record labels . squatting plays a role in some punk communities , providing shelter and other forms of support .
reviewers criticized " chronicles " for lengthy load times and an absence of new in - game features .
although it was given high scores by reviewers ( " pc gamer " gave it an 85% ) , many fans were disappointed by the game .
despite these criticisms , western reviewers also describe the series as " really a genuinely good watch " , " a horror series of exceptional merit " , " certainly memorable " and " a very special show , good and bad parts taken into consideration " .
the reviewers " recommend this offering as one that truly presents a most positive view of fantasy role - playing as played on a computer system .
the reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars .
the changes made to the film after lee 's death were noted by reviewers , most of whom saw them as an improvement .
the first reviewers of " loss and gain " tended to judge it according to its theological principles rather than its literary merits , and accordingly were divided along denominational lines .
some reviewers have commended " last hope " as technically impressive for neo geo standards , while others focus criticism on gameplay issues .
because of this , it is the only game in the magazine 's history to ever have earned a platinum award twice ( but is only acknowledged as a single game in " egms records due to the game receiving a 10 from only one reviewer as opposed to the playstation game receiving 10s from all 3 of its reviewers ) .
some reviewers , however , responded to the show 's quirks ; the new york post described it as " the funniest new show this season . "
the reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars .
the reviewers screen for inappropriate content such as pornography and categorize / tag each video .
critical reception concentrated on the stylistic change of the album compared to his earlier work , however reviewers were generally favourable .
on the other hand , some reviewers believe that not all of the characteristics that produce excellence in sound reproduction are measured by the current tests .
reviewers praised its visuals and design , but criticized its audio .
critical reaction to the track was generally positive with some reviewers describing it as the band 's best single to date .
doubts were raised whether the reviewers were evolutionary biologists .
although she received criticism from the judges during the show ’s finals , velasco ’s track on the american idol season 3 cd , " until you come back to me ( that 's what i 'm gon na do ) " , was praised by music reviewers in new york and la , and identified as the best track on the album by several major publications .
reviewers from sites such as launch.com claimed " splinter " was a welcome return to the offspring 's punk roots , citing songs such as " the noose " and " da hui " .
numerous reviewers , including brian lowry of " variety " and maryann johanson of flick philosopher described williams ' character as " creepy " and more worthy of a horror - film villain than a comic lead .
the difficulty of the game in general was unappealing to many reviewers .
personal profiles , learning journals and rating options empower learners to become self publishers and reviewers , tagging their entries to provide a means by which others can find and connect with their ideas .
fpb welcomes papers from any part of the world and uses expert reviewers from a wide range of countries .
reviewers noted the character 's determination and fearlessness meshed perfectly with the master chief , and that cortana provides an anchor linking players to " halo"s story .
many contemporary reviewers remarked that this system would take at least of driving to become familiar , but once the driver is accustomed to the system traditional steering feels old - fashioned .
audiences and reviewers often describe her work as caustic and controversial .
" sam & max save the world " received positive critical reaction from reviewers .
saudi reviewers state that there never was a race like the ocean of fire , and there exists no documentation that hopkins was even there .
also , many reviewers have noted the striking similarities to films like " saw " and " hostel " .
early in his career , daniel presented programs on syn90.7 and melbourne 's c31 , including " pluck " , " the reviewers " , " raucous " and " 3 day growth " .
the " psychedelic " nature of the track was commented on by several reviewers with " mojo " describing it as " acid - carnivalesque " , " the times " stating that it is a " kids tv theme heard through an acid - pop filter " , " the observer " claiming it sounded like " a jesus christ superstar outtake gone delightfully right " , and bbc wales calling it " cosmic funk " .
warzone 2100 was generally well received amongst reviewers , with the pc version receiving an average of 81% from gamerankings , and the playstation version an average of 76% .
this moderates the workload on individual reviewers and means that they are not excluded from applying to the erc on alternate years when they are not involved in panels .
minnelli won the the 2009 independent theatre reviewers association award for best female theatrical performance and a drama desk award " special award " for a " beloved american musical theater icon , for her enduring career of sustained excellence , and her glorious performance in liza 's at the palace . "
with a concept of " providing good food with a slightly exotic flavour and cheap prices " the chain is noted by reviewers for its assortment of soups , smoothies and juices .
the piano and vocal piece " a coral room " , dealing with the loss of bush 's mother and the passage of time , was hailed by commercial media reviewers as " stunning " in its simplicity , " profoundly moving " and as " one of the most beautiful " pieces bush has ever recorded .
kenneth miller described behe 's argument as an updated version of the argument from design with reference to biochemistry ( which was echoed by other reviewers ) , and also cites areas in biochemistry and the fossil record which demonstrate currently irreducibly complex systems evolving .
more recent reviewers have generally praised falk 's performance , but have not lavished much praise on the movie itself , with commentators divided on the film 's semidocumentary style .
reviewers praised most aspects of the production , with particular emphasis on mendes , spacey and ball ; criticism tended to focus on the familiarity of the characters and setting .
all the reviewers of course noted the lesbian content ( calling it " woman 's love for woman " ) and disagreed as to whether it was handled gracefully and unsensationally , or if it indicated wilhelm was unable to break out of a format by handling the same subject matter twice in two novels .
most reviewers have panned their albums , with allmusic using terms like " unlistenable " and " horrific . "
the band 's first two singles , " the key " , released in september 1993 ; and " switch " , released in march 1994 made the uk singles chart top 50 , and garnered rave reviews from both dance and indie reviewers .
other reviewers have compared drake to different characters , including jack colton from the film " romancing the stone " .
game reviewers hartley and pattie lesser complimented the game in their " the role of computers " column in " dragon " # 116 ( 1986 ) , calling it " stunning in its presentation and play " .
the " super quiz resource guide " is formed mostly from articles from peer reviewed journals , but also includes non - peer reviewed articles , which are looked over by a panel of five reviewers and then checked for accuracy by another reviewer .
following the film 's release , a number of reviewers focused on cameron ’s choice of the religious sanskrit term for the film 's title and its connection with the film 's plot .
in addition to numeric scores , the survey also includes a short descriptive paragraph that incorporates selected quotations ( typically a few words ) from several reviewers ' comments about each restaurant or service , as well as typical pricing and other information .
the quality system regulation specifies the need for an independent reviewers .
these reviewers provide comments for the editors and the authors , as well as a recommendation on the decision .
meredith advised hardy not to publish his book as it would be attacked by reviewers and destroy his hopes of becoming a novelist .
reviewers compared the game favorably to " super smash bros ."— ign 's fran mirabella iii stated that it was " in an entirely different league than the n64 version " ; gamespot 's miguel lopez praised the game for offering an advanced " classic - mode " compared to its predecessor , while detailing the adventure mode as " really a hit - or - miss experience . "
proposals are evaluated by external reviewers with national reputations and ranked according to their quality , rewards and risk .
she has been nominated for the " romantic times " reviewers ' choice award four times , winning once , for " a visit from sir nicholas " , which " romantic times " described as " overflowing with heart - tugging scenes , simmering sexual tension , marvelous characters and meaningful lessons about life and love . "
the book created a sense of revulsion among reviewers ; even friedrich said " no normal person would want to gaze upon these photos .
reviewers noted off 's critical portrayal of mackenzie as being excessive and mackenzie considered suing off for libel .
it is subject to extensive review by outside experts , interested federal agencies , nsb members , and srs internal reviewers for accuracy , coverage , and balance .
