this uniform polyhedron compound is a chiral symmetric arrangement of 6 pentagrammic prisms , aligned with the axes of fivefold rotational symmetry of a dodecahedron .
hydrogen has very low viscosity , a favorable property for reducing drag losses in the rotor ; these losses can be significant , as the rotors have large diameter and high rotational speed .
the infall of this material into a black hole drives a pair of relativistic jets out along the rotational axis , which pummel through the stellar envelope and eventually break through the stellar surface and radiate as gamma rays .
in a modern setup a computer controls the horizontal , vertical and rotational movements of the compound table , the zoom of the camera head on the column , and the lens bellows .
as with the gnomon , the hour - lines are all aligned with the earth 's rotational axis .
in a traditional floyd rose ( and vintage tremolo ) , the pivot is a knife edge against the pivot post ; when sharpened , the pivot provides zero rotational friction .
the two interlocking coils have a radius of.405 m , and the angle between them can be manually selected to be 64o , 78o , or 88o , allowing for different shear and rotational transform values , and magnetic surface configuration .
they have instead a discrete rotational symmetry , often fivefold , like a regular pentagon .
the rotational accelerations were found to be 30 percent higher than those found in similar tests using a full face polymer motorcycle helmet . "
the bullet was fired parallel to the axle , and the angular displacement of the holes in the two disks , together with the rotational speed of the axle , yielded the bullet velocity .
the ashtekar variables are essentially the translational and rotational connection coefficients , suitably worked into a hamiltonian formulation of general relativity .
such engines need to operate at a relatively high rotational speed , which is inappropriate for starting , stopping , and slower travel .
when applied to solving systems of deqs , such as the quaternion equations of rotational motion , numerical integration should proceed serially not in parallel .
apple 's application to the united states patent and trademark office for a patent on " rotational user inputs " , as used on the ipod interface , received a third " non - final rejection " ( nfr ) in august 2005 .
n : rotational speed of the workpiece
the gearbox enables the forward speed to be adjusted while the rotational speed of the tines remains constant which enables the operator to easily regulate the extent to which soil is engaged .
the idea is that one side of the wheel is always heavier than the other , creating a rotational force .
at any other rotational speed , or any other vessel loading , the fpp can not , either being over pitched or under pitched .
the gears increase the rotational rate and send the kinetic energy obtained from the wind to an asynchronous generator , where it is converted into electrical energy .
as demonstrated in tokamak experiments , and rotational shear is also predicted to stabilize resistive
protocols for centrifugation typically specify the amount of acceleration to be applied to the sample , rather than specifying a rotational speed such as revolutions per minute .
the rows alternate between the rotating airfoils ( rotors ) and stationary airfoils ( stators ) , with the rotors imparting energy into the fluid , and the stators converting the increased rotational kinetic energy into static pressure through diffusion .
rotational symmetry .
in other words , each oscillation some of the energy in the translational mode leaks into the rotational mode .
the fictitious coriolis force , which is observed in rotational frames , is ordinarily visible only in very large - scale motion like the projectile motion of long - range guns or the circulation of the earth 's atmosphere ( see rossby number ) .
uninhabited except for rotational conservation staff , it is one of new zealand 's premier native wildlife sanctuaries , having been described as a " botanical paradise " and thus access is heavily restricted .
by measuring the rotational speed and the distance from the center of rotation to the liquid level in the bent ends of the tube , the pressure reduction inside the tube can be calculated .
further , all points equivalent under the rotational and inversion group share the same weights .
in july 1951 sac deployed the 12th fighter - escort wing to manston to provide fighter escort for its rotational bombardment wings .
a rotational version of fick 's law of diffusion can be defined .
for this reason , many shepherds use managed intensive rotational grazing , where a flock is rotated through multiple pastures , giving plants time to recover .
such rotational damage patterns are associated with cyclonic storms including tornadoes and tropical cyclones .
the most stimulating movement tends to be rotational ( spinning ) and should be used carefully by the therapist .
currently , most top male shot putters use the spin , but the glide remains popular , especially at the amateur level and among women , since the technique breeds higher consistency for the athlete as opposed to the rotational technique .
rotational diffusion .
given the ~10° uncertainty in the actual rotational axis of camilla , one can say that the orbit 's inclination is less than 10°.
the hoekens linkage is a four - bar mechanism that converts rotational motion to approximate straight - line motion .
the planet , who 's orbital and rotational axes are perpendicular , is home to the adars .
this technique is also known as inertia welding , rotational welding or inertial friction welding .
the following rotational part of the transition moment remains ,
at some point , this developmental material segues back into the normal rotational sequence , usually at some point during tr , but occasionally as late as the mc itself .
a major feature of the sixaxis controller is the ability to sense both rotational orientation and translational acceleration along all three dimensional axes , providing six degrees of freedom , hence the name .
because a shorter rotational axis can make it more difficult to use larger poles than with a longer axis , the tuck and shoot is also not considered the conventional method .
the saarc forum of vice chancellors met for the second time on december 2 - 3 , 2002 in new delhi , india and a decision was made to operate sacodil through a rotational secretariat .
our usual so(3 ) rotational symmetry , which ordinarily connects the spin - up electron with the spin - down electron , has in this hypothetical case become only an " approximate " symmetry , relating " different types of particles " to each other .
testing is the use of specialized and calibrated instruments to measure temperatures , pressures , rotational speeds , electrical characteristics , velocities and air and water quantities for an evaluation of equipment and system performance .
in 1987 , yamamoto et al.4 report measurements of the rotational spectra of the cyclic c3h radical ( c - c3h ) in the laboratory and in interstellar space towards tmc-1 .
mirror - image symmetry in combination with 2-fold rotational symmetry , with the point of symmetry " not " on the line of symmetry , implies an infinite sequence of alternating centers of symmetry and parallel lines of reflection , evenly spaced , with all these centers on a line perpendicular to the lines of reflection ( the lines of reflection are the perpendicular bisectors of the line segments between adjacent copies of the points of symmetry ) .
in a conical system , as the rotating flow moves towards the narrow end of the cyclone the rotational radius of the stream is reduced , separating smaller and smaller particles .
an ultramicrotome can allow for the preparation of extremely thin sections , with the device functioning in the same manner as a rotational microtome , but with very tight tolerances on the mechanical construction .
sonata theory recognizes five different types of sonatas based on their rotational distribution .
for example the rad52 dna binding protein has an 11-fold rotational symmetry ( in human ) , however , it must form crystals in one of the 11 enantiomorphic point groups given above .
all these characteristics come at a price ; its single spool construction limits the level of compression due to the very high rotational speeds attained by the fan .
these data yield information about the partitioning of energy among translational , rotational , and vibrational modes of the product molecules .
the flywheel also acts as a buffer against power spikes and sags , since such short - term power events are not able to appreciably affect the rotational speed of the high - mass flywheel .
main operating bases in spain were used for sac b-47 rotational alert aircraft until april 1965 .
these episodes were aired in the normal rotational order in the uk .
catalogue of rotational velocities of the stars is the name for catalogue of projected stellar rotation , publushed in 1982 by uesugi , a. and fukuda , i.
however , the molecule can not be treated as a point object , and the moment of inertia has increased sufficiently about two axes to allow two rotational degrees of freedom to be active at room temperature to give five degrees of freedom .
proceeding in this way , we get " d(d-1)/2 " rotational dofs in " d " dimensions .
rotational symmetry in four dimensions .
the lower rotational inertia of mid - mounted engine vehicles causes the vehicle to spin much faster than a front or rear mounted engine vehicle .
mesovortices are small scale rotational features found in convective storms , such as those found in bow echos , supercell thunderstorms and the eyewall of tropical cyclones .
this shielding magnet had a significant effect upon the rotational stability of the satellite and in part was responsible for a severe reduction in the amount but not the quality of data received .
once enabled , the motor causes rotational movement between the shapes when the user - set key is pressed , or automatically if set to do so .
the known response of the torsion bar and the degree of twist give the shear stress , while the rotational speed and cone dimensions give the shear rate .
geometrically , the graph of an odd function has rotational symmetry with respect to the origin , meaning that its graph remains unchanged after rotation of 180 degrees about the origin .
the mission of the 79th was to provide escort for strategic air command boeing b-47 " stratoget " rotational deployments from raf sturgate .
both motors are designed for rotational speeds of up to 14,000 rpm , and the regular motor delivers an efficiency of typically 90% , or 80% at peak power .
operations in romania and bulgaria also provide the u.s. and its partners the opportunity to engage in and demonstrate the continuance of peaceful and friendly international relations through combined training using host nation installations to support and facilitate rotational training activities .
development of the spi - scan system , also known as rspi ( rotational spi ) by brian paavo and benthic science limited addresses the problems of mass and expense to enable lake and coastal users to economically deploy spi systems from small vessels .
the church of st mary , near the centre of the village , is part of the stour valley group of churches , and services are held there on a rotational basis .
since the planet has almost no rock at its core , and enjoyed a rotational period for the first couple billion years of its existence , there is probably nothing to find here , short of fossils of earlier species once flourishing on the planet , but now extinct .
the motion transmitted by the stem may be a linear force , a rotational torque , or some combination of these .
he applied this instrument to chemically analyze planetary atmospheres and to determine the sun 's rotational period using the doppler effect .
compound of twelve tetrahedra with rotational freedom --
sac also deployed boeing b-29 superfortresses to the united kingdom where they performed rotational deployments to royal air force bases such as raf marham , raf waddington , raf scampton and raf lakenheath .
thus any rotational energy in the wake is energy that is lost and unavailable .
the co - rotational flow of cold magnetospheric plasma is partially diverted around them by the currents induced in their ionospheres , creating wedge - shaped structures known as alfven wings .
the duocylinder has rotational symmetry in both of these planes .
j1 can be characterized abstractly as the unique simple group with abelian 2-sylow subgroups and with an involution whose centralizer is isomorphic to the direct product of the group of order two and the alternating group a5 of order 60 , which is to say , the rotational icosahedral group .
higher rotational mass also means a higher amount of energy that has to be removed from the vehicle when braking which in theory , could cause the brakes to overheat .
in 1976 detachment 4 , 9th strategic reconnaissance wing arrived at mildenhall , which controlled rotational lockheed u-2 and sr-71 blackbird operations from the base .
in 1859 , james clerk maxwell argued that the kinetic heat energy of a gas is equally divided between linear and rotational energy .
his laboratory notebooks reveal that he believed heat to be a form of rotational , rather than translational motion .
due to angular momentum conservation , states of the same " l " but different " m " have the same energy ( this holds for all problems with rotational symmetry ) .
in addition to rotational symmetries like this , a crystal may have symmetries in the form of mirror planes and translational symmetries , and also the so - called " compound symmetries " which are a combination of translation and rotation / mirror symmetries .
prior to that nibo never had rotational governance .
the translational and rotational movement of each particle can be calculated by newton ’s second law of motion .
the microcontinent iberia underwent in addition to its southward drifting motion a counterclockwise rotational movement that eventually brought it in close contact with southern france ( reflected in first tectonic movements in the pyrenees during the albian ; also documented by metamorphism in the pyrenees dated between 108 and 93 million years and by the transgression of the cenomanian sea ) .
this distinction is important because two rotors with different diameters running at the same rotational speed will subject samples to different accelerations .
" grandia " features a rotational party roster .
free water protons have faster average rotational frequency and hence less fixed water molecules that may cause local field inhomogeneity .
when a new file is written , or when an existing file is extended , the new data blocks are necessarily scattered , slowing access due to seek time and rotational delay of the read / write head , and incurring additional overhead to manage additional locations .
the main " direct path " neural circuit for the horizontal rotational vor is fairly simple .
during an impact , the scalp acts as rotational shock absorber by both compressing and sliding over the skull .
purely " rotational motion " occurs if every particle in the body moves in a circle about a single line .
models of this type , as in the case of a full - scale helicopter , eliminate rotational torque and extremely quick control response , both of which are very pronounced in a ccpm model .
the very high rotational rates of neutron stars can also be explained in terms of angular momentum conservation .
it is usually useful to decompose any force applied to an object with rotational symmetry into components parallel to the cylindrical coordinates " r " , " z " , and " θ " .
the ceramic turbine wheels are found to be very unreliable when used at high rotational speeds inducing higher centrifugal forces ( such as when the turbochargers are used at a higher boost pressure than stock ) .
these streams are highly collimated and vary with the rotational period of the planet like the radio emissions .
the wing assumed a rotational airlift task in support of usaf southern command from april 1973 through january 1976 .
the single phase induction motor may rotate in either direction and it is only the starting circuit which determines rotational direction .
the british battlegroups , along with the others from other eu nations , are placed on standby for possible deployment for six months on a rotational basis .
if other effects were ignored , tidal acceleration would continue until the rotational period of the earth matched the orbital period of the moon .
the turbine converts exhaust heat to rotational force , which is in turn used to drive the compressor .
using a rotational symmetry in four dimension [ o(4)-symmetry ] generated by the angular momentum
as a result , some of the earth 's rotational momentum is gradually being transferred to the moon 's orbital momentum , and this causes the moon to slowly recede from earth at the rate of approximately 38 millimetres per year .
the rotary joints can have both waveguide ports at a right angle to the rotational axis , " u - style " , one waveguide port at a right angle and one in line , " l - style " or both waveguide ports in line .
patients with more extensive damage will notice frank diplopia and rotational ( torsional ) disturbances of the visual fields .
this can be calculated from the speed ( rpm ) and the rotational radius ( cm ) using the following calculation .
designed so that a load produces a rotational force , the logarithmic cam shape allowed for a single device to fit in a range of crack sizes without a change in the loading pattern , making it predictable and stable .
in other words , the original translational kinetic energy of the particles is transferred to internal energy modes , chiefly vibrational or rotational , of the particles .
the game offers the player both a 3d and 2d automap ; the 3d offering full rotational freedom of movement , the 2d offering merely a topdown view .
they have rotational sliding that abrades the floor of the basin but not the edge and that causes the bowl shape to form and also contributes to the development of the morainal or rock thresholds that separate them from downvalley slopes as well as hold in glacial lakes called tarns .
cain served in temporary roles as acting deputy manager of the space shuttle program , and acting deputy director of space shuttle processing during a six - month rotational assignment to the space shuttle program office at kennedy space center in florida in 2004 .
the rotational transitions of the molecule aloh ( x1σ+ ) have been observed toward the envelope of the supergiant star vy canis majoris .
in 1976 john skilling published " uniform compounds of uniform polyhedra " which enumerated 75 compounds ( including 6 as infinite prismatic sets of compounds , # 20-#25 ) made from uniform polyhedra with rotational symmetry .
for performing rotational tricks on flat , like 180 kickflips , frontside means that for the first 90 - 180 degrees of the rotation , you can see what s in front of you in the direction that your traveling .
failure of rotational invariance .
one prediction of the rigid rotor model is that the space between each of the peaks should be formula_18 where formula_19 is the rotational constant for a given molecule .
the purpose for detecting nh is often to get a better estimate of the rotational constants and vibrational levels of nh .
in these situations rotational forces such as might occur in whiplash - type injuries are particularly important .
it was the first copa américa under the new rotational hosting system .
the intrastriatal administration of rhepo significantly reduced the degree of rotational asymmetry , and the rhepo - treated rats demonstrated improvement in skilled forearm use .
another use is in a viscous coupling in which if both ends of the coupling are spinning at the same ( rotational ) speed , the fluid viscosity is minimal , but if the ends of the coupling differ greatly in speed , the coupling fluid becomes very viscous .
furthermore , the achievement of an extremely light tracking force on the ced stylus enables the use of a fine groove pitch ( i.e. fine spacing of adjacent revolutions of the spiral , ) necessary to provide a long playing time at the required high rotational speed , while also limiting the rate of disc and stylus wear .
the angular momentum operator plays a central role in the theory of atomic physics and other quantum problems involving rotational symmetry .
however , the difference between saturn 's rotational period ( 10.7 hours ) and titan 's orbital period ( 15.95 days ) causes a relative speed of about between the saturn 's magnetized plasma and titan .
in this mode he can shoot a beam of torsional energy that introduces counter - rotational forces within any metal object it hits .
by breaking the rotational symmetry a bit and varying the electrostatic potential along the mean path of the spherical aberration is minimized .
in rotor bearing systems any rotational speed that excites a resonant frequency is referred to as a critical speed .
due to quantum mechanical rules , only certain rotational modes are permitted .
a raised wheel can reduce the rotational energy up to one - quarter , but this advantage is less with a bumpy track .
since then , the majority of lsbs observed has been consistent with the rotational curve predicted by mond .
must transfer very quickly from the rotational and vibrational states
currently , afsouth manages four rotational air force reserve command and air national guard c-130s based out of muniz air national guard base , puerto rico .
according to this treatment , rotational transitions can only be observed when one or more
the α3β3 hexamer of the f1 particle shows significant structural similarity to hexameric dna helicases ; both form a ring with 3 fold rotational symmetry with a central pore .
routers generate vibrations of the same frequency as their rotational speed ( and higher harmonics ) , which might be important if there are vibration - sensitive components on the surface of the board .
one interesting development in this area is actively controlling the seek speed so that the head arrives at its destination only just in time to read the sector , rather than arriving as quickly as possible and then having to wait for the sector to come around ( i.e. the rotational latency ) .
initially however , the jtf e will be provided by a rotational stryker cavalry squadron from the 2nd cavalry regiment .
it is the rotational analog of mass , the inertia of a rigid rotating body with respect to its rotation .
this can be controlled to some degree by adding more blades to the prop , allowing it to use up more power at a lower rotational speed .
a non - discrete screw axis isometry group contains all combinations of a rotation about some axis and a proportional translation along the axis ( in rifling , the constant of proportionality is called the twist rate ) ; in general this is combined with " k "- fold rotational isometries about the same axis ( " k " ≥ 1 ) ; the set of images of a point under the isometries is a " k "- fold helix ; in addition there may be a 2-fold rotation about a perpendicularly intersecting axis , and hence a " k "- fold helix of such axes .
( the " half - angle " is the angle between the cone 's axis of rotational symmetry and its outer surface , and thus half the angle made by the cone 's surface edges . )
the central role of the translational and rotational connection coefficients as field variables is recognized in modern efforts to quantize general relativity under the name " ashtekar variables . "
his deduction of the rotational period of venus was based on the observation of its surface using a 2.6 " ( 66 mm ) 100 foot focal length aerial telescope .
when θ is 60 degrees , the more symmetric compound of four octahedra ( without rotational freedom ) arises .
the location of the congress is chosen worldwide according to a rotational rule .
the actual terminology used in tricking is a somewhat complex array of prefixes and suffixes denoting rotational degrees , stylistic flairs , setups , and technical arrangements .
it should be noted that presented cd data can not be simply used for every gun - ammunition combination , since it was measured for the barrels , rotational ( spin ) velocities and ammunition lots the lapua testers used during their test firings .
this means that the fan wheel speed is identical to the motor 's rotational speed .
thus , they produce smoother rotational forces on the output shaft .
a hyperflexing wristlock is often performed in combination with rotational wristlocks , since the hyperflexed hand provides a good lever for twisting , and in addition it increases the overall effectiveness of the wristlock . hyperflexing wristlocks
a propeller is a device which transmits power by converting rotational motion into thrust
is the noether current of rotational symmetry of spacetime , and the momentum tensor
the excited state wave function is the product of two wave functions such as vibrational and rotational .
for example , most spacecraft are launched in an orbit with inclination fairly near to the latitude at the launch site , to take advantage of the earth 's rotational surface speed .
the host unit at mildenhall is the 100th air refueling wing ( 100 arw ) , which deploys aircraft for and manages the european tanker task force , a rotational force which provides air refueling to us and nato aircraft in the european theater .
there are other major " conventional " units in the united states army that have parachute capabilities ; the separate 173rd airborne brigade combat team , based in italy and germany , and the alaska - based 4th brigade combat team , 25th infantry division , which has its division headquarters in hawaii , and the 1st battalion ( airborne ) , 509th infantry regiment based in fort polk , louisiana supporting the joint readiness training center as the opposing force for training rotational units .
ice circles occur at bends in the river where the accelerating water creates a force called ' rotational shear ' , which breaks off a chunk of ice and twists it around .
typically spectra at these wavelengths involve rovibrational excitation , i.e. , excitation of both a vibrational and a rotational mode of a molecule .
a pattern with 3- or 6-fold rotational symmetry has a lattice of 3-fold rotocenters ( including possible 6-fold rotocenters ) that is this finer lattice relative to the lattice of translational symmetry .
to account for this a centrifugal distortion correction term is added to the rotational energy levels of the molecule .
three years later radar observations by americans gordon pettengill and r. dyce using 300-meter arecibo observatory radio telescope in puerto rico showed conclusively that the planet ’s rotational period was about 59 days .
where t = required torque in lb - ft , wk2 = total inertia in lb - ft2 , δn = change in the rotational speed in rpm , and t = time during which the acceleration or deceleration must take place .
during the industrial revolution , the jackshaft was commonly used with the line shaft to transfer rotational power from the ceiling - mounted line - shaft to individual mechanical devices on the ground .
this has the opposite effect of the double leg drop : it shortens the lower body about the rotational axis , making the swing faster , but lessening the pole - loading effect of the swing .
when the rotational speed is equal to the numerical value of the natural vibration then that speed is called critical speed .
for example , the increase in rotational speed of a spinning figure skater as the skater 's arms are contracted is a consequence of conservation of angular momentum .
there is a requirement of a comprehensive understanding of the relationship of the thermodynamic & kinetic aspects of antibody - membrane association , translational , rotational mobilities of membrane bound antibodies , interactions with the diverse cell surface , circulating molecules and various artificial nanomolecules as well as the conformation .
typically , rotational transitions can only be observed when the angular momentum quantum number changes by 1 ( formula_45 ) .
in modern quantum mechanics , the principle of superposition makes it clear that rotational invariance is not lost .
the eetaf concept envisioned a joint capable , deployable command and control headquarters that would not have permanently assigned combat forces , but which would command rotational forces operating out of sites in romania ( up to 1700 personnel ) and bulgaria ( up to 2500 personnel ) .
because they differ only by the constant walking velocity , the walker and the rotational observer see the same accelerations .
similar to the rotational effect mentioned above , the phenomena associated with flapping wings are not completely understood or agreed upon .
rather than perceiving a rotational motion , the viewer will have the illusion of seeing ascending or descending stripes ( depending upon the direction of rotation ) .
since most molecules are not perfectly spherical , the stokes radius is smaller than the effective radius ( or the rotational radius ) .
the first step , of pressing the rough ball of clay downward and inward into perfect rotational symmetry , is called " centering " the clay , a most important ( and often most difficult ) skill to master before the next steps : " opening " ( making a centered hollow into the solid ball of clay ) , " flooring " ( making the flat or rounded bottom inside the pot ) , " throwing " or " pulling " ( drawing up and shaping the walls to an even thickness ) , and " trimming " or " turning " ( removing excess clay to refine the shape or to create a " foot " ) .
its appearance is similar to that of a turbine map , but it lacks any ( rotational ) speed lines .
these are hosted by the various state bodies around australia on a rotational roster .
the air forces stationed in iceland included a rotational p-3 orion patrol squadron deployed forward from the u.s. navy 's patrol wings atlantic , and the f-15s of the 85th group .
sliding may occur between two objects of arbitrary shape , whereas rolling friction is the frictional force associated with the rotational movement of a somewhat disclike or other circular object along a surface .
occasionally , its rotational period shows sharp changes , known as ' glitches ' , which are believed to be caused by a sudden realignment inside the neutron star .
the clips come in two basic types : ' standard ' with the halyard attached directly to the clip , and ' swivel ' which incorporates a rotational connector so that the halyard can rotate without affecting the flag .
so although the wheels can rotate at different speeds , they apply the same rotational force , even if one is entirely stationary , and the other spinning .
similar facilities in novo selo training area , bulgaria were also constructed to support the 2009 staff and rotational units there . -
the " gundam " series space colony design is usually portrayed with a rotational speed much faster than the original o'neill design .
a " watered down " rotovator with two - thirds the rotational speed , however , would halve centripetal acceleration stresses .
due to its lack of a permanent dipole moment , pure rotational spectroscopy of h3 + is impossible .
giancomo miraldi determined in 1704 that the southern cap is not centered on the rotational pole of mars .
n"=1 covers the cases of no rotational symmetry at all .
a regular octahedron has 24 rotational ( or orientation - preserving ) symmetries , and a total of 48 symmetries including transformations that combine a reflection and a rotation .
he is best known for the invention of the wilberforce pendulum which exhibits a curious motion in which periods of purely rotational oscillation gradually alternate with periods of purely up and down oscillation .
furthermore , asphaltene rotational diffusion measurements show that small pah chromophores ( blue fluorescing ) are in small asphaltene molecules while big pah chromophores ( red fluorescing ) are in big molecules .
to promote religious awards within gsusa , p.r.a.y. offers a " to serve god " rotational segment patch program for girl scouts and adults who attend or make a presentation about religious awards , then make a personal commitment " to serve god " .
hyperconjugation can be used for rationalizing a variety of other chemical phenomena , including the anomeric effect , the gauche effect , the rotational barrier of ethane , the beta - silicon effect , the vibrational frequency of exocyclic carbonyl groups , and the relative stability of substituted carbocations and substituted carbon centred radicals .
the base went through a period of hosting rotational fighter squadrons .
the constituent molecules of a vapor possess vibrational , rotational , and translational motion .
the region 's agriculture industries are diverse and include irrigated crops ( such as cotton and pecans ) , as well as livestock ( mostly beef cattle ) and cropping ( mostly cereals and rotational legumes ) .
this energy is taken from the rotational energy of the black hole causing it to slow down .
this procedure is different from rotoblation ( percutaneous transluminal rotational atherectomy or pcra ) whereby a diamond tipped device spins at high revolutions to cut away calcific ( chalky ) atheroma usually prior to coronary stenting .
from the rotational diffusion constants , one can estimate the rough shape of a macromolecule .
acrobatic flips can be started from a stationary , standing position and they are also commonly executed immediately following another rotational move , such as a roundoff , so as to take advantage of the angular momentum developed in the preceding move .
in many cases , rempi provides spectroscopic information that can be unavailable to single photon spectroscopic methods , for example rotational structure in molecules is easily seen with this technique .
note : the example is not an example of rotational symmetry .
however , later measurements showed that the periodicity of the skr 's modulation varies by as much as 1% , and so probably does not exactly coincide with saturn ’s true rotational period , which as of 2009 remains unknown .
from this , in 1976 , brian oldfield popularized the spin technique which involves rotating like a discus thrower and using rotational momentum for power .
hair cells of the cristae activate afferent receptors in response to rotational acceleration .
during the month of january , toronto signed starting pitchers john thomson and then tomo ohka to incentive - based one - year contracts in an effort to strengthen their 4th and 5th rotational slots .
the dealer then takes a group of card from the top of the deck and deals 15 cards , in a rotational manner , for each player .
if each joint has one rotational degree of freedom ( i.e. , it is a pivot ) , then the mechanism is usually planar , and the 4-bar is determinate if the positions of any two bodies are known ( although there may be two solutions ) .
from the late 17th century to the 19th century it was assumed that the earth 's daily rotational rate was constant .
one is offered yearly , called the " anchor patch " , while the other three are offered yearly on a rotational basis .
the muay thai angle kick uses a rotational movement of the entire body and has been widely adopted by practitioners of other martial arts .
it corrects curvature by pushing with small pads placed against the ribs , which are also used for rotational correction ( here it tends to be slightly less successful , however ) .
this uniform polyhedron compound is a chiral symmetric arrangement of 4 triangular prisms , aligned with the axes of three - fold rotational symmetry of an octahedron .
subsequent terrorist attacks in the eucom theater in casablanca , madrid , london and algiers prompted eucom to launch operation enduring freedom trans - sahara in 2007 while continuing to provide rotational forces to afghanistan and iraq .
each show features a few mini games that are selected on a seemingly rotational basis from a library of games .
generally a motion system is made up of a set ( or stack ) of linear and rotational stages .
" true " life jackets always provide more buoyancy than buoyancy aids and the positioning of the buoyancy on the wearer 's torso is such that a righting moment ( rotational force ) is developed that will eventually float most persons ( for example unconscious ) who are face down into a face up attitude with their bodies inclined backward , unlike common foam buoyancy vests ( which are simply swimmers ' aids , really since they do n't generate re - righting moment forces . ) self righting devices are best for non - swimmers , who may not be able to orient themselves face up in the water , for example due to panic arising from finding themselves in deep , open water .
the cause of the difficulty is rotational inertia , since much of " tyrannosaurus"’ mass was some distance from its center of gravity , like a human carrying a heavy timber .
the supinating wristlock ( in budō referred to as " kote gaeshi " , 小手返 , " forearm return " ) is a rotational wristlock , and arguably the most common wristlock .
rotational impoundment management is used to a great extent on the east coast of florida .
the keel , along with the ekos se tonearm and trampolin mk.2 were three special edition upgrades for the turntable 's 33⅓ birthday , 33⅓ being the standard rotational speed when playing lps .
however , because of mercury 's relatively slow rotational period , diurnal variations in temperature probably greatly exceed mean - temperature variations along latitude and longitude , even in the high latitudes .
for a system with formula_14 point masses formula_15 moving with speeds formula_16 , the rotational kinetic energy formula_17 equals
each module is a 0.65 kg cube with 100 mm long edges and one rotational degree of freedom .
mars’ rotational period and seasonal cycles are likewise similar to those of earth .
since 1988 either new south wales or queensland usually hosts two of the three matches on a rotational basis .
most non - israeli satellites are launched eastward to gain a boost from the earth 's rotational speed .
in thermal power stations , mechanical power is produced by a heat engine that transforms thermal energy , often from combustion of a fuel , into rotational energy .
like the earth 's moon and many of the other gas giant satellites , its orbital period is identical to its rotational period ; titan is thus tidally locked in synchronous rotation with saturn .
three side - by - side units of land were established , each large enough to operate a full farm rotation , so that the food - chains involved — soil – plant – animal and back to the soil — could be studied as they functioned through successive rotational cycles , involving many generations of plants and animals , in order that interdependences between soil , plant and animal , and also any cumulative effects could manifest .
understanding the rotational spectrum .
low voltage variations on a high - speed motor , which is reduced to low rpms can go unnoticed , but in a direct - drive , those variations are directly reflected on the rotational speed .
there was a lot of promotion based on ' rotational balance ' and the ' sweet spot ' and ' power hitting ' .
this equation will allow us to fully model the behavior of particles , but this is not sufficient for most simulations because it does not account for the rotational motion of rigid bodies .
rotational transitions of a molecule occur when the molecule absorbs a photon [ a particle of a quantized electromagnetic ( em ) field ] .
on 27 january 2007 , putin visited vladivostok to participate in a meeting regarding russia 's upcoming rotational presidency of apec .
with the weather - vaning hull design and rotational midwater buoy , evopod generates electricity with both the ebb and flood tides by always pointing into the tide ’s direction of flow .
each operational command will , on a rotational basis , assume responsibility to command the nrf and , during those periods , will constantly maintain the capability of deploying a djtf headquarters within five days of notice .
several devices using rotational stabilization ( such as the popular " levitron " toy ) have been developed citing this patent .
the 779th expeditionary airlift flight was activated in january 2008 to administer a rotational deployment of two c-17 globemaster iiis to be based at ramstein ab .
non - conservative external forces , primarily gravitational and atmospheric , can contribute up to several degrees per day to angular momentum , so secondary systems are designed to " bleed off " undesired rotational energies built up over time .
being a linear molecule , hcnh+ follows the basic rotational selection rule of δ"j"=±1 .
at low rotational speeds the lubrication may not attain complete separation between shaft and bushing .
in contrast , depending on the type of machine , its typical malfunctions , the bearing types employed , rotational speeds , and other factors , the skilled analyst will often need to utilize additional diagnostic tools , such as examining the time domain signal , the phase relationship between vibration components and a timing mark on the machine shaft ( often known as a keyphasor ) , historical trends of vibration levels , the shape of vibration , and numerous other aspects of the signal along with other information from the process such as load , bearing temperatures , flow rates , valve positions and pressures to provide an accurate diagnosis .
for improved fuel efficiency , improve the combustion and reduce friction through adoption of the rocker arm type rollerforward was supported by the low rotational torque by adopting improved knock control .
rotational deployments to guam , and also to u - tapao royal thai navy airfield , thailand continued on a reduced scale until 1975 .
during purely rotational motion , all points on the body change position except for those lying on the instantaneous axis of rotation .
the lm pilot and cm pilot couches had rotational controllers only .
between may and august 1953 the 12th strategic fighter wing pulled a rotational tdy at misawa relieving the 27th and being relieved in turn by the 31st strategic fighter wing . remaining until february 12 , 1954 .
