this was the first time dylan had sanctioned a re - mix of one of his classic recordings .
the german position soon crumbled and hitler reluctantly sanctioned a withdrawal .
kosovo was sanctioned to deploy its own law enforcement , its own government , whilst all yugoslav security forces ( i.e. the military , police , militias and paramilitaries ) were repelled from entering the region , breeching conditions which did allow a presence of belgrade forces within kosovo to protect objects of interest to the serbs and the various other nationalities ( such as the orthodox monasteries , and the catholic churches used by kosovo 's ethnic croats ) .
in may 1983 , ddt successfully performed at the luzhniki stadium in moscow , as part of a three - day , sanctioned festival , " rok za mir " ( rock for peace ) .
they were sanctioned by the gods to serve humanity .
northern lights hockey is a member of the minnesota junior hockey league ( mjhl ) is a usa hockey tier iii sanctioned junior ice hockey league operated out of the twin cities of minneapolis and saint paul in minnesota .
the following year he captured the philippine open , and having performed well in tournaments co - sanctioned by the european tour during 2007 , strange earned a place on the european tour for 2008 through his position on the order of merit .
the world figure skating championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the international skating union in which figure skaters compete for the title of world champion .
urban areas in northern california were the center of california 's fledgling marijuana market , while rural areas like mendocino county , santa cruz , and humboldt saw county - sanctioned gardens and patient registration programs .
in 2009 , due to the help of fighter marcus davis , mixed martial arts was sanctioned in the state .
these football teams are also significant for constituting the only ncaa - sanctioned metric football game in history ( which st. olaf won ) .
scheele 's administrative skills helped phs weather two public controversies that dominated 1950s america : fluoridation of public drinking water supplies and outbreaks of polio that followed a government - sanctioned vaccination campaign .
the belgian fed cup team has been competing in the international tennis federation sanctioned fed cup since the very beginning : 1963 .
they recognized , sanctioned and fostered a national identity of montenegrins as a people distinct from the serbs and other south slavs .
smaller k-1 sanctioned events are also broadcast in other countries by national and local sport channels .
the title change was not sanctioned by cmll , who stripped pantera of the title and vacated it .
this meant that the title was permanently contested , not just in the course of sanctioned matches , and could therefore change hands anywhere , as long as a referee was present to administer the three count .
the league eventually sanctioned this under the " exceptional circumstances rule " but imposed a 15 point deduction due to the club not following football league rules on clubs entering administration .
having discovered fitz 's affections for molly chandler , he warns fitz that he can not expect to lead a life not sanctioned by the king , but that fitz should aim to gain kettricken 's support : she could be a powerful ally for fitz if he wishes to marry molly .
in a further safeguard of aristocratic rights , polish law sanctioned the right of the nobility to form an armed confederation for the redress of grievances .
( this original patch design can be seen , and has been officially sanctioned by the office of air force heraldry for current uniform wear . )
this pronouncement was sanctioned by francisco of paula santander president responsible for colombia on june 25 , 1824 .
its revival was pioneered by the swedish amateur boxing association , which sanctioned events for women in 1988 .
the central government in consultation with the planning commission had sanctioned a scheme of establishment of regional engineering colleges under the third five year plain in order to expand the facilities for technical education in the country during the plan period .
on march 25 , 2006 , martinez made her ring of honor ( roh ) debut in new york city where she competed in a shimmer sanctioned match versus her counterparts of allison danger , daizee haze , and lacey .
the greatest achievement and for which the malolos congress was known was the framing of the constitution , prepared by a committee headed by felipe calderon , was approved by the congress after amendments have been made on january 20 , 1899 , sanctioned by aguinaldo the next day and promulgated on january 22 .
in the united states , persian gulf has been the label sanctioned for u.s. government use since a decision by the state department 's board of geographical names in 1917 : " as recognized by the united states board on geographic names , the name of the body of water that lies between iran and the arab states of the gulf cooperation council is the persian gulf .
in 2004 , a number of all - female leagues formed what is now the women 's flat track derby association ( wftda ) , which coordinates and sets the rules that govern sanctioned inter - league competition among its members .
americanization was mediated through english , sanctioned as the language of prestige and aspiration .
furthermore , italian officials initially denied the italian government had authorized or sanctioned a us operation to kidnap nasr .
many governments have sanctioned stiff penalties for littering of cigarette butts , washington state imposes a penalty of $ 1024 .
in all long drivers of america ( lda ) sanctioned competitions , competitors must hit the same type of ball , the slazenger raw distance .
consequently , a sanctioned star was added to the logo in 2009 for their win at mls cup 2007 .
in may 2009 , iracing.com received a license to run nascar sanctioned iracing online racing starting in 2010 .
the ahr ( www.relictour.org ) is the first officially sanctioned catholic lay apostolate propagating the veneration of relics and the educating of the faith through the lives of the saints , approved by the church in known history .
in vancouver , the first legally sanctioned same - sex marriage — which became legal two years earlier in british columbia — was performed by a minister of the united church of canada on 8 july 2003 .
tōjō is also implicated in government - sanctioned experiments on pows and chinese civilians ( see unit 731 ) .
the national wrestling association world light heavyweight championship was a professional wrestling championship sanctioned by the national wrestling association , an offshoot of the national boxing association ( nba ) , and was contested for with a weight limit of 175 lb ( 79 kg ) .
in 1994 , a survey of 28 sanctioned rodeos was conducted by on - site independent veterinarians .
all 82 races were sanctioned by the american automobile association ( aaa ) .
this tour was sanctioned by the australian forces advisory committee on entertainment .
the world junior figure skating championships is an annual event sanctioned by the international skating union in which younger figure skaters compete for the title of world junior champion .
the era of usac championship cars concluded with the formation of the indy racing league in 1995 , which was sanctioned by the usac until the controversial finish of the 81st indianapolis 500 .
thus the behavior exhibited towards negros was not perceived as racism but rather action that was sanctioned by the ‘ science’ of euro - centric racialism .
the violence of september 11 shows that when anti - americanism is nurtured by the kind of indignation and resentment that in [ turn ] is stimulated and sanctioned by religious convictions , it can become spectacularly destructive . "
note however that they are not sanctioned by the ipa , and as of unicode 5.2 , there are no unicode code points assigned to them either , except that " ɭ with belt " and " ɺ with retroflex hook " can be represented as composite characters ( ɬ or ɺ , followed by u+0322 combining retroflex hook below ) .
the league is sanctioned by the ottawa district hockey association and hockey canada and are members of the canadian junior hockey league .
the arrests , interrogation and detention were sanctioned by the then legal authority .
the 1999 australian drivers ' championship was a cams sanctioned motor racing title open to drivers of formula holden racing cars .
homosexuality was far less acceptable in the soviet union , and this may have been a problem , even though he had a state - sanctioned lover .
like lacrosse , ice hockey is not sanctioned by khsaa .
by this time desimone had committed more mob - sanctioned murders for vario and had pulled off more successful crimes than gianco , including the 1967 air france robbery with hill , but had not earned much praise from the lucchese family .
in the 21st century , state - sanctioned racial discrimination against filipino americans no longer officially exists .
other third level tours in europe include the united kingdom based pga europro tour and the alps tour , which is sanctioned by the national golf unions of several countries , including france and italy .
it was reported by independent local and international academics as well as members of the abahlali basemjondolo movement that the mob was affiliated with the local branch of the african national congress and that ' the attack was carefully planned and sanctioned by the local police ' .
the imperial standard wire gauge , which has been sanctioned by the british board of trade , is one that was formulated by j. latimer clark .
the entire writings of luca , pauker , and georgescu were removed from their places in officially - sanctioned libraries , and quotes from them were systematically deleted from reference works .
asia 's richest event , the $ 5 million hsbc champions tournament , was first played in november 2005 , is co - sanctioned by the asian tour but did not count towards the money list for its first three years as any high placings by asian tour players would distort the money list , but from 2008 50% of the prize money will count towards the order of merit .
in january 2010 puzzlewright press will publish " scattergories word search puzzles " by mark danna , a former associate editor at games magazine . sanctioned by hasbro ,
this included four major championships and three world golf championships , which are also sanctioned by the european tour .
2,590 were sanctioned [ east india papers , iii 786 ; nairne 's konkan , 38 . ] .
benefiting from a close alliance with the administrations of néstor and cristina kirchner , moyano leveraged his role as head of the council on salaries ( an officially - sanctioned advisory board ) to secure a stronger collective bargaining position and frequent increases in the minimum wage , while opposing restrictive economic policy proposals .
in 1893 , the nzru formally adopted the black jersey as the national playing strip and selected the first nzru - sanctioned national team , for a tour of australia .
the world figure skating championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the international skating union in which figure skaters compete for the title of world champion .
this forced him to sign an armistice , which was to be sanctioned by emperor francis i of austria .
inside higher ed noted that the same behavior by students is " severely sanctioned . "
an extension was sanctioned by the department of education and was opened to coincide with the 150th anniversary celebrations in mid 2004 .
this initiative , which used acrylic paints to create designs representing body painting and ground sculptures , rapidly spread across indigenous communities of central australia , particularly following the commencement of a government - sanctioned art program in central australia in 1983 .
since the futsal world championship is a fifa sanctioned event , the 1992 silver medal is the highest medal achievement the united states men 's team has accomplished in fifa worldwide soccer competition .
in 1863 charles easton spooner , the son of james spooner , introduced steam locomotives built by the george england co. and thus ended the use of dandy waggons on ffestiniog and began " sanctioned " passenger service .
since the death of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini there have been far fewer government sanctioned killings in iran .
the ncaa sanctioned the new poinsettia bowl in san diego , california instead ; toronto re - launched its bid in 2005 and was successful , playing its first game at the end of the 2006 season .
in retaliation , the bonanno family sanctioned his assassination .
one non - sanctioned sport also draws many student to ucsb : surfing .
however most of the tournaments with seven figure u.s. dollar purses are in events co - sanctioned by the european tour , and european tour players tend to collect most of the winnings in those tournaments .
on march 10 , 2006 , at ' , the first mma event sanctioned by the state of california , he knocked out cesar gracie in 21 seconds .
a maliki is hereditary and devolves on the son and his son so on and so forth for which regular benefits and subsidies are sanctioned from time to time .
the world figure skating championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the international skating union in which elite figure skaters compete for the title of world champion .
the fire tests shown in the referenced link are small scale ( bench ) demonstrations of relative burning characteristics under one condition that is not sanctioned by or used by any safety code or regulation in determining suitability for use in plenum or other applications .
the country club of rochester hosted the 1953 u.s. women 's open , the first women 's open sanctioned by the usga .
having exhausted diplomatic efforts to persuade the chinese to withdraw their armies from tonkin , the french government sanctioned an attack by general charles millot on the fortress of bac ninh , occupied since the autumn of 1882 by china 's guangxi army .
in 1995 , kruseman swept all 4 scra sanctioned events at the santa maria speedway , in santa maria , ca .
the role of asia may be crucial ; in november 2005 a new european tour - sanctioned event in china called the hsbc champions tournament was played for the first time .
jackpot went on to train and become a government sanctioned initiative superhero for new york city .
the tournament was sanctioned by the international baseball federation .
psusennes ' outer and middle sarcophagi had been recycled from previous burials in the valley of the kings through the state - sanctioned tomb - robbing that was common practice in the third intermediate period .
to prevent future incidents , the university made bonfire a school - sanctioned event .
the new zealand british parliamentary open debating championships is one of three university debating tournaments in new zealand sanctioned by the new zealand universities ' debating council .
death race 2020 # 3 provides frankenstein 's own background as a test tube baby , raised to be a genetically perfect being for driving in the government sanctioned death races .
each commentary draws on specific references and citations from the books and officially sanctioned disney films .
in 1896 , queen victoria sanctioned the issue by the british south africa company of a medal to troops who had been engaged in the first matabele war .
this law , known as " lei áurea " ( golden law ) was sanctioned by the regent isabel , princess imperial of brazil , daughter of the emperor pedro ii on may 13 , 1888 .
as part of a general mood of growing nationalism in the period before the first world war , the board of education in 1906 officially sanctioned the teaching of folk songs in schools .
these lessons were sanctioned by voin , who now served as director of the school , because they would help the youth to develop social skills and overcome his shyness .
some shelties display a terrier - like personality , which tends to be hyper , and always on the go ; however , this temperament is not sanctioned in the breed standard .
the 2010 h1 unlimited season is the fifty fifth running of the h1 unlimited series for unlimited hydroplane , jointly sanctioned by apba , its governing body in north america and uim , its international body .
no person shall be in violation of this section in or at a club event sanctioned under legal association with the american association for nude recreation , ”
the company implemented additional back - end controls which now render a product useless if it is diverted without appropriate authorizations to a party located in a u.s. sanctioned country .
due to a decrease in the local population , the school now plays six - man football sanctioned by the uil .
when asked why the passport application of one of the hinduja brothers had been processed more quickly than normal , being processed and sanctioned in six months when the process can take up to two years , he replied , " it is not unusual . "
to compete in any usa weightlifting sanctioned events , an athlete must be a current member of usaw .
this is an unmitigated violation of several rules of the game which would normally call for disqualification from sanctioned play , but can help make the game more enjoyable in a friendly setting as well as increasing the pace , as it reduces searching for a ball and playing from extremely disadvantageous lies .
it is protected , although extraction may be sanctioned by a board of trustees .
today this world championship is sanctioned by the sobhd at three levels ; juvenile , junior and adult .
the first motorsports event at the track consisted of 7 motorcycle races , sanctioned by the federation of american motorcyclists ( fam ) , on august 14 , 1909 .
when asked why the passport application of one of the hinduja brothers had been processed more quickly than normal , being processed and sanctioned in six months when the process can take up to two years , he replied , " it is not unusual . "
although sanctioned by warner bros. ( which holds the underlying rights to the " vacation " series characters and concepts ) , this film was not sponsored by national lampoon , which initated the " vacation " series .
the following courses in sngist are approved by the all india council for technical education ( aicte ) and sanctioned by the government of kerala , leading to the degree of the mahatma gandhi university
the council embraced the program once again until 2005 when a new council executive decided the council would only offer the nationally sanctioned nylt program .
driving a family - owned dirt late model , kosiski won 29 of the 55 nascar - sanctioned races that he entered in nebraska , kansas , missouri , and elsewhere in the midwest .
the first ever iff - sanctioned wheelchair floorball matches were played between the men 's teams of the czech republic and sweden , during the 2008 men 's world floorball championships in prague , czech republic .
indian government has sanctioned the construction of 3406 km along the indo - bangladesh border .
the first fih sanctioned tournament matches of indoor hockey were played in 1972 .
however , this belief is not sanctioned by the orthodox religious leadership .
1despite consejo mundial de lucha libre keeping the nwa initials as part of these two championships after leaving the national wrestling alliance , they are not sanctioned nor recognized as world titles by the national wrestling alliance .
the project was sanctioned under the national solar pond programme by the ministry of non - conventional energy sources in 1987 and completed in 1993 after a sustained collaborative effort by teri , the gujarat energy development agency , and the gddc ( gujarat dairy development corporation ltd ) .
although not a official event nor a sanctioned event , the facebook exclusive contest brings a lot of interest into the sporting side as players who have not competed before the chance to play against professional players in competition .
from 1978 through 2005 , the race was sanctioned by the world of outlaws .
the deputies are in charge of analyzing for approval or disapproval of ordinances after three discussion debates that once approved are then sanctioned and signed by the governor of valle del cauca .
on july 1 , 1982 , glenn allison recorded the first 900 series , although it was not officially sanctioned by the american bowling congress .
the school building was designed by d. e. gostling and j. morris and sanctioned by the government of bombay on 15 july 1875 .
some of the major companies that have industrial units in pithampur include l&t case equipment , eicher motors , mahindra 2 wheelers , caparo , bajaj tempo ltd. , man force trucks , indorama synthetics , steel tubes of india , bridgestone tyre ltd. the construction of asia 's largest auto testing track is also sanctioned by govt .
llywelyn capitalized on welsh resentment against king john , and led a church sanctioned revolt against him .
the world figure skating championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the international skating union in which figure skaters compete for the title of world champion .
the bc junior a lacrosse league is a box lacrosse league in british columbia , canada sanctioned by the british columbia lacrosse association .
in 2006 he won the singapore masters , which was co - sanctioned by the asian tour and the european tour .
otto the great in 967 expressly sanctioned the practice of germanic tribal law even if it did not figure in the more " imperial " roman law .
this physical separation may give the two of them a chance to work out the problems in their relationship , while residing in legally - sanctioned separate dwellings .
in fact , their own violent actions ( simulated rape , murder , recollection of war crimes ) and ignorance accentuate the contradiction of violence and guilt - the state that has been sanctioned to kill is constituted by people just as guilty and worthy of punishment as r , the criminal .
the oscc is affiliated to , and a founder member of , motorsport new zealand the fia sanctioned motor - sports authority of new zealand .
it was sanctioned by the pga tour ( which operates the champions tour for golfers over 50 ) and the european seniors tour .
it is unclear if the album is sanctioned by the artist — many of the songs are obviously in unfinished format and clock in at under one minute — but it is currently listed on allmusic and amazon .
in 1911 pius x sanctioned the use of a blessed medal to be worn in place of the brown and other scapulars .
furthermore , oswald had to swear to refrain from any contact with nobles from outside tyrol unless sanctioned by count friedrich .
one of the most astonishing allegations was that " top directors of shell expro in aberdeen , the uk arm of the anglo - dutch group , allegedly sanctioned a policy widely known as touch fuck all ( tfa ) whereby offshore installation managers were told to stop any work with the potential to cause unplanned shutdowns " .
lacrosse is not sanctioned by the kentucky high school athletic association .
from that date education was required to conform with imperially - sanctioned church doctrine .
these flagrant sanctioned victory of the liberal movement autonomist party ( autonomy ) in training adverse croatian people 's party ( narodna stranka ) also called " annexation " or " national " .
by may 1971 , party chief husák could report to the delegates attending the officially sanctioned fourteenth party congress that the process of normalization had been completed satisfactorily and that czechoslovakia was ready to proceed toward higher forms of socialism .
this unofficial title stuck until edward vii sanctioned , in army order 135 , that the battery be designated a battery ( the chestnut troop ) royal horse artillery .
the following year the race was officially sanctioned and was held on october 19 , 1958 .
one noted achievement of the union was the canadian - american reciprocity treaty of 1855 which sanctioned free trade in resources .
since most of goods supplied to the rural areas were commercial ( fabrics , matches , fuels ) and sometimes obtained by villagers from neighbored cities or railway stations , sanctioned villages remained for a long period – as an example mentioned in december 6 decree the village of kamyani potoky was removed from blacklist only october 17 , 1933 when they completed their plan for grain collection early .
mcdonald 's and its attorneys were sanctioned for withholding evidence pertinent to the outcome of the trial .
. dibiase would later come out at the end of the show and sanctioned a triple threat match for randy orton 's wwe championship at night of champions including john cena and triple h in his final act as the guest host .
an eight - member ihsaa - sanctioned athletic conference within the northeastern indiana counties of adams , allen , dekalb , noble , wells , and whitley .
he also addressed several solutions which had been proposed by the teams , insisting that use of the new specification tyres flown in overnight would be " a breach of the rules to be considered by the stewards " , and the placement of a chicane in the turn was " out of the question " the race would not be sanctioned by the fia ( making it a non - championship race ) if the track layout was changed .
the controversy over the match arose from the fact that sisnorio 's role in the fight was not officially sanctioned by the philippine games and amusement board .
chinese over age 18 in the prc are permitted to be involved with officially sanctioned christian meetings through the " china christian council " , " three - self patriotic movement " or the " chinese catholic patriotic association " .
bailey 's , a small tobacco company based in virginia , featured in 2005 sponsorship of selected races for the bobby hamilton racing team based in tennessee , and has been the longtime sponsor of the bailey 's 300 at martinsville speedway for late model race cars in the region which race at nascar - sanctioned tracks .
in 1988 he was hit by a bottle while on the pitch and , three years later , he was sanctioned by uefa for using an unorthodox method of disrupting the concentration of carlos valderrama , in a game against real valladolid .
the sanctions blocked assets of sudanese citizens implicated in darfur violence , and also sanctioned additional companies owned or controlled by the government of sudan .
the site is being sanctioned and the company , now funded by the government of slovenia , is in charge of the safe closure of the mine and of restoring the environment .
the pacific rim championship is a rugby league competition , sanctioned by the rugby league international federation and organized by both the new zealand rugby league and pacific island rugby league association ( pirla ) .
it is sanctioned by the samahang basketbol ng pilipinas , the country 's national basketball federation .
the u.s. open , developed in partnership with usa cycling and sanctioned by the uci with the men 's event part of the 2006 - 2007 uci america tour .
this training is not sanctioned by the faa , nor is in any training syllabus at us airways .
but after the state of sao paulo prohibited vale tudo fights from being a sanctioned sport , both promotions went into decline and have not promoted a show since 2002 .
in 1982 , nascar created its weekly racing series ( then sponsored by winston ) to reward successful short - track racers and to provide incentives for them to support their local nascar - sanctioned tracks .
auditors sanctioned .
eligibility for election to the executive board is simply demonstrable participation in digital medieval activities or board - sanctioned equivalancies .
furthermore , the court had already sanctioned an inventory search of an impounded car suspected to contain the service revolver of a fugitive chicago police officer .
they are a non - profit corporation and are sanctioned by usa hockey .
a number of other international competitions are also sanctioned by unesco international dance council .
cartridges that are not officially registered with nor sanctioned by c.i.p. ( commission internationale permanente pour l'epreuve des armes a feu portative ) or its american equivalent , saami ( sporting arms and ammunition manufacturers’ institute ) are generally known as wildcats .
the sanctioned strength of the faculty also includes a management professors , reader in behavioural sciences , reader in teaching methodology , medical officers , junior scientific officer , hindi instructor , photographic officer and chief drill instructor .
according to blackwater expert jeremy scahill , romney advisor cofer black has been , " a key figure in the extraordinary rendition program , the government - sanctioned kidnap - and - torture program , where prisoners like maher arar are sent to third - country hellholes to be tortured . "
when used in state - sanctioned lethal injection , bolus potassium injection affects the electrical conduction of heart muscle .
use of this symbol is no longer sanctioned by the ipa .
their feud began during the pba - sanctioned ateneo - la salle dream games in december 2005 , pitting past and present ateneo and la salle players in an exhibition game .
the longest day is an amateur 24-hour automobile endurance race sanctioned by the sports car club of america ( scca ) at nelson ledges road course in ohio .
since most of goods supplied to the rural areas were commercial ( fabrics , matches , fuels ) and sometimes obtained by villagers from neighbored cities or railway stations , sanctioned villages remained for a long period – as an example mentioned in december 6 decree , the village of kamyani potoky was removed from blacklist on october 17 , 1933 , when they completed their plan for grain collection early .
while it is unusual for deaths to occur during sanctioned races , there are several fatalities and many accidents each year during public sessions .
although lewis was never formally sanctioned , the incident sullied his reputation .
six other bishops sanctioned his plan to bring religious teachers to the united states .
the unification could have been damaged if the provinces had kept their own laws , or had independently sanctioned new ones to fix the inadequacies in the spanish one instead of doing it in an unified way .
the 2009 and 2010 tournament were also co - sanctioned by the nationwide tour , the official development tour of the pga tour .
in common with many other polytechnic institutions , however , the university has also sanctioned an elided version of its full name for official use : " cal poly " ( or the lengthier but less " formal " " cal poly at san luis obispo " when it is necessary to make a distinction between cal poly on the central coast and its former extension campus , cal poly pomona ) .
2004 — the first - ever women ’s baseball world cup was played in edmonton , alberta , canada from july 30 to august 8 ; the event was sanctioned by the international baseball association and federation ( ibaf ) and was hosted by baseball canada
the one thing that all of the migrants had in common was that they wanted a better way of life than was available in puerto rico , and although each one held personal reasons for migrating , the decision generally was rooted in the island 's impoverished conditions as well as the public policies that sanctioned migration .
among the first american schools to participate in intercollegiate athletics , rutgers ' main campus in new brunswick - piscataway currently fields 27 teams in the big east conference which participates in division i competition , as sanctioned by the national collegiate athletic association in the following sports : baseball , basketball , crew , cross country , fencing , field hockey , football , golf , gymnastics , lacrosse , soccer , softball , tennis , track and field , swimming and diving , wrestling , and volleyball .
he was ineligible to compete in sanctioned cycling events from july 31 , 2006 through july 31 , 2008 .
the series continues to be sanctioned by the indy racing league .
a three man hit - team is sent to moses ' residence , and he kills them , recognizing the pattern of the attack and realizing his death has been sanctioned .
their work , which used acrylic paints to create designs representing body painting and ground sculptures , rapidly spread across indigenous communities of central australia , particularly following the commencement of a government - sanctioned art program in central australia in 1983 .
unlike many uci - sanctioned races , all the world championships are organized by nationality , not by commercial teams .
the series is sanctioned under the umbrella of the united states hot rod association ( ushra ) and takes place primarily in the united states .
awarded for the best single collection of poems , the award is the only domestic poetry prize sanctioned by eliot 's widow .
s.h.i.e.l.d. , under the leadership of iron man and his team of u.s. sanctioned avengers invaded latveria after discovering doom involvement in the release of a symbiote virus on new york .
this was finally sanctioned on 8 february 1897 — seven years after the passing of the law .
the three - self patriotic movement ( officially , national committee of the three - self patriotic movement of the protestant churches in china ; colloquially , the three - self church ) or tspm is the government - sanctioned ( " patriotic " ) christian organization in the people 's republic of china .
the first nascar - sanctioned event took place on may 18 , 1949 and was won by fonty flock .
in order to be sanctioned as an official chapter the following are required
in addition , there are a number of officially sanctioned observers to the arctic council , among them several international organizations - , iucn , the international red cross federation , the nordic council , the , unep , undp ; and a handful of non - governmental organizations such as the association of world reindeer herders , the university of the arctic and the wwf - arctic programme .
the 15 meter class ls6 was however achieving surprisingly good results flying with locked flaps in the non - fai sanctioned sports class in the united states .
williams was suspended by the dci from sanctioned magic : the gathering tournaments for one year .
environment tariffs were not implemented in the past , in part , because they were not sanctioned by multilateral trade regimes such as the world trade organization and within the general agreement on tariffs and trade ( gatt ) , a fact which generated considerable criticism and calls for reform .
it was sanctioned by usac from 1971 - 1981 , and by cart from 1982 - 1989 .
add socially sanctioned use of alcohol ( over 80% of date rapes included the use of alcohol by at least one partner , while over 50% involved the use by both partners)and the liklihood of such miscommunication goes even higher .
several distinctive euphemisms and neologisms are used in the film : homicide is referred to as a " non - sanctioned life termination " and as " murder death kill " or " mdk " .
the school 's athletic teams , known as the panthers , will compete in university interscholastic league - sanctioned competition but not at varsity level for most sports until fall 2011 .
in 1807 an act of parliament sanctioned the erection of a new church , it was opposed by the three clergy of the existing parishes of nottingham , but the land was acquired in the extra - parochial district of standard hill , over which none of the existing clergy had jurisdiction .
he is best known for his debates with other leading buddhists of the time , kūkai and saichō , and for asserting a more orthodox view of mahayana buddhism based on the state - sanctioned schools of nara , japan .
ruffin wrote the decision in the case of " north carolina v. mann " ( 1829 ) , which sanctioned the " absolute " power of a master over a slave .
after being shown at the united nations , a decision was made to begin a un - sanctioned investigation .
according to the program commentary , prashant tried out for " indian idol " because his friends and his seniors especially mr. zulfiqar hasan , special additional commissioner of police(who incidentally also got prashant 's leave sanctioned for the competition ) told him that his voice was very good .
according to the world taekwondo federation 's ( wtf ) rules , taekwondo competitors seeking entry into wtf - sanctioned events must hold black belt rank ( whether " poom " or " dan " ) from kukkiwon .
until the late 1960s , the government sanctioned discrimination in housing markets by promulgating rules preventing blacks from receiving mortgages insured by the federal housing administration .
in 1054 ad a schism divided christian church into roman catholicism and eastern orthodoxy , but from 1095 a series of religiously - sanctioned military campaigns were waged by coalitions of latin christian europeans , in response to a call from the byzantine empire , for help against the muslim expansion .
the report was based on shameem 's personal opinions and was neither commissioned nor sanctioned by the fhrc , ali claimed .
the initial cost of construction of the buildings of the college sanctioned by the government of west pakistan was rs .
the court sanctioned mukhutdinov 's arrest later that day .
approval was granted on february 7 , 2007 , and alli became the first weight loss drug officially sanctioned by the u.s. government for over - the - counter use .
this redevelopment , sanctioned by the city of johannesburg 's .
the pittsburgh phantoms were a soccer team based out of pittsburgh , pennsylvania that played in the non - fifa sanctioned national professional soccer league ( npsl ) .
" one thing that required our attention was chris ’s response to some andean music , which reminded him of the terrible things – particularly the officially sanctioned kidnappings – that had been happening in chile and argentina in recent years .
the school was established in 1957 when the first communist ministry of ems namboodiripad had quickly sanctioned 65 high schools in the then educationally backward malabar region .
the nebraska heavyweight championship was a professional wrestling championship originally sanctioned by the nebraska office of the national wrestling alliance and later the american wrestling association .
at times these radical activities were sanctioned by their elders in the church , but at other times they were condemned .
one or two of the more professionally - minded french officers complained at the prodigious waste of ammunition sanctioned by the enemy generals , but most enjoyed the nocturnal display of flashes and detonations above zhenhai bay as a welcome respite from the tedium of blockade service .
in doing so , he exercised the same freedom with which , in all his behaviour , he emphasized the dignity and the vocation of women , without conforming to the prevailing customs and to the traditions sanctioned by the legislation of the time . "
an australian - led and indonesian - sanctioned peacekeeping force , interfet , was sent into the territory to restore order following a violent ' scorched - earth ' policy carried out by pro - integration militia and supported by elements of the indonesian military
in 1992 , as part of the peace settlement established by the chapultepec peace accords signed in mexico city on january 16 of that year , a united nations - sanctioned commission on the truth for el salvador investigating human rights abuses committed during the war supervised the exhumations of the el mozote remains by an argentinian team of forensic specialists beginning november 17 .
the university of florida has been fielding an officially sanctioned football team since 1906 .
the us 13 dragway is a nhra sanctioned drag racing facility .
he was scheduled to run an officially sanctioned marathon in seattle on october 17 , but did not .
members take part in a culture even if each member 's personal values do not entirely agree with some of the normative values sanctioned in the culture .
in 1905 , the club sanctioned the transfer of alf common for £ 1,000 , a record fee .
in 1972 the rfu sanctioned a national knock - out cup - the r.f.u club competition - followed first by regional merit tables and then , in the mid 1980s , by national merit tables .
without evidence that suspected offenders have multiple formal or common - law marriages , these groups are merely subject to the laws against adultery or unlawful cohabitation — laws which are not commonly enforced because they also criminalize other behavior that is otherwise socially sanctioned .
without evidence that suspected offenders have multiple formal or common - law marriages , these groups are merely subject to the laws against adultery or unlawful cohabitation — laws which are not commonly enforced because they also criminalize other behavior that is otherwise socially sanctioned .
the world figure skating championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the international skating union in which figure skaters compete for the title of world champion .
the grade iii ( juvenile ) band was first competitive in 1996 , after they had won at all but two of the ten british columbia pipers association sanctioned games the previous year in grade iv and were upgraded .
the jacob 's creek open championship was a golf tournament on the pga tour of australasia , and was co - sanctioned by the united states based nationwide tour from 2002 .
it is only one of the eight ncaa sanctioned leagues , in the .
the 2009 australian gt championship was a cams sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of closed production based sports cars which are either approved by the fia for gt3 competition or approved by cams as australian gts .
it is sanctioned by the palestinian football federation .
moreover , the 1633 declaration has the same main text as the the 1617 and 1618 declarations of king james , with the primary differences an additional introduction and conclusion adding wakes and ales to the list of sanctioned recreations .
this record contains only " licensed " bouts , sanctioned by the british board of boxing control .
van wert high school sports participate in thewestern buckeye league , an athletic body sanctioned by the ohio high school athletic association ( ohsaa ) .
the 2008 and 2009 tournaments were ussa - sanctioned supertour events , with the 2009 tournament being part of the five hills tour .
it has been suggested that nichiren thought this was best done by withdrawing lay support so that the deviant monks would starve to death , but he is known to have also sanctioned fighting by his followers .
the league has yet to be sanctioned by the united states soccer federation or the canadian soccer association , has not yet finalized its membership , and with future changes likely , the membership of this league and both the usl first and second divisions remain in flux .
after 1953 , hindemith sanctioned only the 1952 revised version for theatrical performances .
laissez - faire ” form of racism is not governmentally sanctioned like the overt jim crow laws of the 1950 ’s , and it is not always blatantly obvious .
almost all sanctioned drag strips have strict rules for fast cars .
in a 1998 report on the former south african government and its security forces , the truth and reconciliation commission ( trc ) castigated south africa 's last hardline apartheid president p w botha and held him responsible for gross human rights violations , including all violence sanctioned by the state security council .
the contributors to these blogs believe that he is being unjustly punished for actions condoned , if not officially sanctioned , by the u.s. military .
when , in 962 , pope john xii sanctioned the establishment of an archbishopric , otto seemed to have abandoned his plan of a transfer .
in 2009 , two manufacturer sanctioned racing project / bandoh and team reckless / shift is 350s were also announced for competition , both equipped with 3.0l v8 engines .
in addition , a state - sanctioned religion builds up around the ' three martyrs ' : serena butler , iblis ginjo , and manion butler .
as a comparison the 1983 international bicycle motocross federation ( ibmxf ) sanctioned world championship held in slagharen , holland drew an incredible ( by us standards ) 15 to 20,000 paying spectators and was televised " live " in europe .
in islamic religious terms , taking a life is sometimes sanctioned and even highly praised , and i thought that event was just such a time . "
this was a period when even officially sanctioned executions were regularly conducted in public , such as hangings .
they have been reported to be one of the country 's most popular groups , although other critics have questioned what it means for a group to be popular in a country where the only music legally available comes from the few state - sanctioned musicians .
