as of 2009 , the school has repeatedly missed targets for federal academics and is on the troubled list , scored 79.8 on the state 's achievement index , and was listed as satisfactory by the state for achievement .
type a , with 40° elevation were superseded by type b with 75° elevation , but neither were satisfactory as anti - aircraft mountings .
leading up to the event the mozambican president guebuza , who chaired the mozambican inquiry in 1986 , repeated a commitment to discover the truth about the incident , while president mbeki , in his state of the nation address of february 3 , 2006 , mentioned that a satisfactory explanation was still lacking .
it was deemed satisfactory and another hundred were ordered .
the thermistor is encapsulated in a suitable electrically insulating medium with satisfactory heat transfer characteristics and acceptable chemical resistance .
the results of the exercises were considered satisfactory .
users can join servers if their conditions are satisfactory .
by the end of the year the numbers were approaching 100% of establishment and , although there were still serious shortages in the technician ranks , the trade balance was satisfactory .
no other school in the vicinity of monaghan makes transition year compulsory , and while studies show that leaving certificate results may increase as a result of the extra year , the option of repeating the leaving certificate , if results were not satisfactory , is hindered by the age of the student .
troopers who complete ten ( 10 ) years of satisfactory or exceptional service are promoted to the rank of senior trooper .
" this is an improving school which provides a satisfactory quality of education . pupils’ overall
this practice , however , was less than satisfactory as wzzm often pre - empted network programming in favor of locally originated or other programming ( such as billy graham crusades ) .
mccormick says that it is extremely difficult , in any hypothesis , to explain in a satisfactory way this silence , nor is it easy to understand how a fact so important , to the interests of ireland could remain so many years concealed including from those in the irish church .
there were no satisfactory answers as to why mark guglielmo had bought a shotgun with various types of shells on the day of the murder or why he had driven hundreds of miles to a point near halifax , nova scotia in canada .
while the overall i-153 performance was satisfactory , some significant problems were revealed .
as winston churchill expounded in the house of commons in 1944 , " expulsion is the method which , insofar as we have been able to see , will be the most satisfactory and lasting .
twain worked on two versions but neither was satisfactory to him — neither got around to describing the jumping frog contest .
congenital or acquired , these conditions refer to any pathology which interferes with the perception of satisfactory sexual health .
through the night of the 22nd to dawn of the 23rd , mullá husayn became the first to accept the báb 's claims as the gateway to truth and the initiator of a new prophetic cycle ; the báb had replied in a satisfactory way to all of mullá husayn 's questions and had written in his presence , with extreme rapidity , a long commentary of surih of joseph , which has come to be known as the qayyúmu'l - asmá ' and is considered the báb 's first revealed work .
combat experience in vietnam showed that a gun could be more effective than guided missiles in many combat situations , and that a gun pod was less satisfactory than an internal gun .
on the other hand all plunder or articles discovered , of which no satisfactory account could be given , were carried to the credit of government , either by confiscating the article or deducting the amount from the soldier 's arrears .
while in water supply systems cost recovery levels are satisfactory , the situation regarding sanitation is clearly unsustainable .
on 24 july 1930 the " commission de vincennes " rejected the truck and half - tracks as being too heavy and opted after some satisfactory testing for the smaller weapon carrier of the vickers type .
johann dirichlet was the first to give a satisfactory demonstration of it with some restrictive conditions .
it supports the general concepts specified in iec 27001 and is designed to assist the satisfactory implementation of information security based on a risk management approach .
although flight tests were generally satisfactory , the darkstar was by no means close to being a useful operational system .
however , with a stated deadline of the end of 2009 for completion of the sale , it was announced on december 18 that gm and spyker , after carrying out an extensive due diligence effort , had determined that a satisfactory deal was not possible and gm would begin the process of a staged wind - down of saab automobile .
although the wny&pry did not generate much profit in this arrangement , it did improve matters for the allegheny valley and the philadelphia and erie roads , so the net result was satisfactory to the pennsylvania .
n&w , however , limited this business and the arrangement was never satisfactory .
this can be extended up to eight years , subject to satisfactory performance .
however , when combined with satisfactory operation in the iol ’s interoperability test bed , these tests provide a reasonable level of confidence that the device under test ( dut ) will function properly in many iscsi environments .
so , if market outcomes for low - skilled families are to be supplemented in a socially satisfactory way , factors other than wage rates must also be considered .
after a peace treaty with tripoli was signed on 10 june 1805 , the brig remained in the mediterranean for almost a year helping to establish and maintain satisfactory relations with other barbary states .
a native of illinois , prosser was a versatile supporting performer particularly adept at playing unscrupulous villains , but also satisfactory in character roles and the occasional sympathetic part .
in 1950 , a comprehensive plan for the area was published after surveys indicated that in that area , " 64.3% of the dwellings were beyond repair , 18.4% needed major repairs , only 17.3% were satisfactory ; 57.8% of the dwellings had outside toilets , 60.3% had no baths , 29.6% lacked electricity , 82.2% had no wash basins or laundry tubs , 83.8% lacked central heating . "
although combat performance against soviet air forces was quite satisfactory , the aircraft was not popular with the pilots due to reliability issues and handling difficulties .
cullinan accepted the fact that writers ought to have been involved in the fight against apartheid in south africa , while acknowledging the fact that is it difficult to produce a satisfactory political poem .
in service , the mk 12 proved less than satisfactory .
in contrast to european failures , the domestic league form was satisfactory with bajević leading the team to top of the league with 14 points in spare at the winter break .
ofsted ’s rates various areas of a school as inadequate , satisfactory , good or outstanding .
as with other equations , it is not satisfactory when there is ion - association as , for example , with divalent metal sulphates .
in 1980 , an order was given to a greek firm for 200 crosses of a simplified design , but the result was again far from satisfactory : this type featured a purplish hue of blue , and the head of athena was flipped and of bad quality .
as of 2009 , the school has repeatedly met all targets for federal academics , scored 83.1 on the state 's achievement index , and was listed as satisfactory by the state for achievement .
the firm was again awarded a satisfactory qcr rating in 2009 .
in the absence of satisfactory evidence of ancestral descent it can only be said that around 1320 , the manor was jointly controlled in homage by william de ratcliffe and william de lever .
achievement of the 6th form has also been satisfactory since the previous inspection , while in some of its advanced level 2 subjects , achievement has been good .
people are notoriously remiss at achieving sufficient entropy to produce satisfactory passwords .
though the answers were considered satisfactory , the quraysh did not convert to islam .
in the late 19th century its grounds were acquired to become a railway depot , and after some years operating from less satisfactory premises it closed .
however , this classification is not satisfactory because the categories are not mutually exclusive and a skilled bowler will usually bowl a mixture of fast , swinging , seaming and also cutting balls , even if he or she prefers one style to the others .
using criteria of ≥10 mm or a wall thickness of > 4 mm and any of the more - specific findings does not add significantly to the diagnosis but gives equally satisfactory results .
on the motion , however , of ippolito d'este , the legate , exception was taken to the further conduct of the negotiations in full conclave ; and a committee of twenty - four representatives , twelve from each party , was appointed ostensibly to facilitate a satisfactory decision .
one scholiast interpretation of the sanskrit word ' , meaning " ramifications " or " branches " , is that all other deities are , as it were branches of vishnu , but ralph t. h. griffith cites ludwig as saying " this ... gives no satisfactory interpretation " and cites other views which suggest that the text is corrupt at that point .
grades can be assigned in letters ( for example , a , b , c , d , or f ) , as a range ( for example 4.0 - 1.0 ) , as descriptors ( excellent , great , satisfactory , needs improvement ) , in percentages , or , as is common in some post - secondary institutions in some countries , as a grade point average ( gpa ) .
preliminary trials were regarded as being satisfactory ; the ship achieving a speed of and proving easy to handle .
anyone can see that we do not have a satisfactory answer to the saucer question . "
the stadio flaminio is the home stadium for the italy national rugby union team , which has been playing in the six nations championship since 2000 , albeit with less than satisfactory performances , as they have never won the championship so far .
violet club ( and to a lesser degree yellow sun mk.1 ) was not considered a satisfactory design and suffered from numerous design defects .
for example , a 2003 study of 82 maryland elementary schools found , after controlling for external variables , that " the degree to which schools were working to overcome challenges to family and community involvement predicted higher percentages of students scoring at or above satisfactory on state achievement tests . "
the office for standards in education rated the school " satisfactory " in september 2007 .
the iaf found the missile performance to be satisfactory and was expected to place orders for 16 more launchers to form 2 more squadrons for india 's northeast theater .
in 1839 government grants for the construction and maintenance of schools were switched to voluntary bodies , and became conditional on a satisfactory inspection .
the speed and navigability of the ship were satisfactory .
those who remained obstinate were then presented an inquisition of fourteen articles , by edmund bonner , to which they were required to make satisfactory answers or be condemned .
additionally , much experimental work was done that provided insights into how to build a locking system that could provide satisfactory transaction performance .
however , we exclude examples like two touching circles that share a point to form a figure-8 ; at the shared point we can not create a satisfactory chart .
with a proof more satisfactory than binet 's .
after the initial test results seem satisfactory , the documentation can be brought up to date and be released , together with the software .
satisfactory completion of qualification testing denotes readiness for further stages of testing .
note : no claimant has progressed his claim before the house of lords committee for privileges to a satisfactory conclusion , the only body which is authorised to decide whether or not a claimant may be confirmed in the title .
" s " stood for satisfactory and " h " for honor camper .
ut0 , ut1 , ut1r , and others exist , so appending " c " for " coordinated " to the base " ut " is very satisfactory for those who are familiar with the other types of ut .
although they had slightly less speed > they were considered satisfactory compared with the " minekaze " class .
darwin had no doubt that earlier seas had swarmed with living creatures , but stated that he had no satisfactory explanation for the lack of fossils .
intelligent giving aims to raise public interest in charitable giving and advises donors how to make the most satisfactory use of their money .
the lack of heavy armament on the bf 109 and the lack of experience of i./jg 1 meant had less than satisfactory results ..
bone dome’ cvc helmet though neither models offered any satisfactory protection against shrapnel or small arms rounds .
statistics show that treatment produces a satisfactory result in around three out of ten cases , with only one in every 25 children 's cognitive and motoric development developing more or less normally .
finally eight years after the first actor publication , will clinger ( building on the work of irene greif 1975 , gordon plotkin 1976 , michael smyth 1978 , henry baker 1978 , francez , hoare , lehmann , and de roever 1979 , and milne and milner 1979 ) published the first satisfactory mathematical denotational model incorporating unbounded nondeterminism using domain theory in his dissertation in 1981 ( see clinger 's model ) .
the economy of the area , particularly suraholi , deoti , duwaripara , shamarkhil , amishapara , is boosted by remittances from people of sonaimuri living in the u.k and the u.s.a. people have developed their personal and economic condition in a very satisfactory way that rest part of the upazila consider this area as pioneer of economic change .
reports surfaced that the real reason mccourt had fired depodesta was his inability to find satisfactory managerial candidates to replace jim tracy .
on the whole , in the words of one historian , england remained " the worst of all worlds , largely lacking either formal controls over marriage or satisfactory legal means of breaking it . "
the cork cable tv operator had initially built a head - end in the knockmealdown mountains , but reception there was less than satisfactory and a deal was done after a few months in 1982 to use casey cablevision 's headend .
in response to a version of the cognitive behavioural model described in the book " chronic fatigue and its syndromes " , the authors of a status report on cfs state , " although this model may explain continued illness in some cfs patients , it certainly does not pertain to all cfs patients and is thus not too satisfactory . "
acanfora ’s supervisor testified that his teaching performance had been wholly satisfactory .
the act of 1819 , limited as it was , was a noteworthy step forward , in that it dealt with this wider scope of employment of children in cotton factories , and it is satisfactory to record that it was the outcome of the efforts and practical experiments of a great manufacturer , robert owen .
hickory species normally require a moderately moist seedbed for satisfactory seed germination , and mockernut hickory seems to reproduce best in moist duff .
such attempts at a definition of ' word ' are problematic , as they do not account for exceptions such as " the " and " a " , for which it is difficult to come up with acceptable contexts for these as single - word sentences ; and they do not really explain what a word " is " in a satisfactory manner .
in 1926 the general staff reluctantly consented to the development of a 23-ton tank , although it made clear that efforts were to continue toward the production of a satisfactory 15-ton vehicle .
in july 1899 he journeyed to pretoria , and vainly supported the proposal of a satisfactory franchise law , combined with a limited representation of the " uitlanders " in the volksraad , and in september urged the transvaal to accede to the proposed joint inquiry .
davies had then told the bbc board of governors that he was happy with the story and told the prime minister that a satisfactory internal inquiry had taken place .
this issue has been solved in a satisfactory way with the new zealand government . "
ceased to be satisfactory to himself or the
the last full inspection was in january 2010 when the school was judged to be satisfactory overall .
kant 's doctrine of schematism , if not altogether satisfactory at the theoretical level , will continue to stand on the strong empirical ground that the schemata offered do enable us to give real meaning to the categories and find for them a genuine use . "
occupational therapists use purposeful , goal - oriented activities to achieve its goals that is to help the individual to be functionally independent having satisfactory life .
the physical results ( i.e. new treatment plant , aqueducts , wastewater collectors , new conveyance pipes ) were all very successful ; the performance of epm has been highly satisfactory .
if the earl marshal finds the application in the " memorial " satisfactory , he will grant a warrant authorising the kings of arms to proceed with the designing of arms .
following the win over indiana , the student newspaper , " the wolverine " noted : " the ' varsity showing was most satisfactory .
with a few private schools imparting satisfactory education , most of the government schools lack even a decent infrastructure , leave apart the quality of teachers .
meanwhile , stan , kyle , kenny and cartman are at the carnival , but find it far less than satisfactory , containing rides such as " the chamber of farts " ( which is rather short ) and the " line ride . "
haydn was paid 25 louis d'or for each symphony plus 5 louis for the french publication rights ; the sum was apparently very satisfactory from haydn 's point of view , since the lack
on june 12 , 1919 , the allies deemed the response satisfactory and the demand for a reconvocation of the original constituent assembly was abandoned .
inspired by reverend father coppin , mr. morsingh steered st. michael ’s towards a more satisfactory level of accommodation and staffing .
they rated the emmbrook as " satisfactory " , though they recognised the school as improving .
the first customer of jh-01 is hai he hydraulic works committee , and the performance of jh-01 was satisfactory enough for more orders from different customers , including the people 's liberation army navy ( plan ) , which deployed jh-01 for breakwater inspection and maintenance , in the same way jh-01 is used to inspect and maintain dams of reservoirs .
the bandwidth ( bw ) of an amplifier is the range of frequencies for which the amplifier gives " satisfactory performance " .
until more satisfactory knowledge becomes available , the status of lydian within anatolian remains a " special " one .
" control is checking current performance against pre - determined standards contained in the plans , with a view to ensure adequate progress and satisfactory performance . "
he had extensive discussion with the students and the principal of bmc as well as the elite mass of burla and come forward with a satisfactory package of college building , adequate hostel facilities for students and quarters for all the employees .
so satisfactory was his work that , on the death of father hand , he was appointed president of all hallows missionary college in dublin , and for years guided , fashioned , and made effective the discipline and teaching of that well known institution .
satisfactory proofs of eligibility of the applicant must be furnished with the application .
on the same day , the eu observer mission said the election was marked by " satisfactory conditions " and high turnout , and ecowas , which had 152 observers present , deemed the election to be " free , fair and open " .
the drying pistol allows the sample to be dried at elevated temperature ; this is especially preferred when storage in a desiccator at room temperature does not give satisfactory results .
children with satisfactory grades may opt to continue high school for a further two year period , leading to the caribbean advanced proficiency examinations ( cape ) , the equivalent of gce a levels .
others have expressed skepticism at these claims of humane treatment , as earlier attempts to produce fattened livers without gavage have not produced satisfactory results .
the vatican was therefore constrained to allow the " sacri monti di pietà " ( satisfactory derivation of the phrase has yet been suggested ) to charge sufficient interest to their customers to enable them to pay for expenses .
after investigating the murder to a satisfactory conclusion , baley returns to earth a hero .
gum printing is traditionally a multi - layered printing process , but satisfactory results may be obtained from a single pass .
the redruth secondary school was rated grade 3 ( satisfactory ) by ofsted inspectors in 2008 .
thus , classic malthusian theory does not offer a fully satisfactory explanation .
after insisting rumors , papadopulo quit due to a difference of opinion with the general manager of the club and was replaced by mario beretta , who had a quite satisfactory start in the 2008 - 09 serie a season .
if any of them were satisfactory we should not get any new ones . "
the pilot projects were deemed highly satisfactory by the ndeb .
an insight into the irascible perfectionism of roesch may be gained from the report that he refused ever to have a vacuum cleaner in his house because he found none of the existing vacuum cleaner designs satisfactory .
if " ui"("x " ) represents the degree of achievement in criterion " i " when in possession of " x " , a a threshold level " ui " * may be defined corresponding to a " satisficing " or satisfactory level of that criterion .
note however , that for non - smooth final conditions ( which happen for most financial instruments ) , the crank – nicolson method is not satisfactory as numerical oscillations are not damped .
mulligan is said to have written , " inasmuch as strokes taken after play is concluded on the 18th hole do not count towards the total entered on one 's tally card , it seems to me eminently reasonable that any shots struck before play is properly commenced with a satisfactory drive on the first tee , should be of no more consequence to one 's score than those swings which one has made by way of practice in the course of hitting balls upon the driving ground . "
however , the profile likelihood is not a true likelihood as it is not based directly on a probability distribution and this leads to some less satisfactory properties .
as all attempts to conduct a satisfactory negotiation with this emperor failed , alaric , after instituting a second siege and blockade of rome in 409 , came to terms with the senate .
the college received a silver award in april 2009 after meeting specific criteria including , a satisfactory occupational health and safety management systems and culture , action on health issues , and a reduction of accident rates .
st paul 's was upgraded to cathedral status in 1973 and a satisfactory 2-manual casavant frères pipe organ built in it in 1974 .
a few case reports have indicated satisfactory results when such men are treated with a 5-alpha - reductase inhibitor .
this gives " the river " an ambiguous ending as there was only a single series but is satisfactory enough .
when liszt was trying to transcribe the choral movement of the ninth symphony , he became " ... convinced of the impossibility of making any pianoforte arrangement of the 4th movement ... that could in any way be ... satisfactory " .
when he came the condition of the monastery was far from satisfactory .
montreal victorias won the season with a record of 9–1 , but could not make a satisfactory arrangement with the stanley cup trustees and would not play in a challenge against ottawa .
the advanced nature of the aircraft meant that 12% chromium stainless steel with a honeycomb centre was used for the construction of the outer skin , to which no paint was applied , but problems with the new argon arc welding technique known as puddle welding caused long delays and was less than satisfactory .
the " oxford english dictionary " states that the word was either borrowed from cornish or formed from a cornish first element with the english " beagle " ; however , none of the proposed cornish root words are fully satisfactory .
the word " kantha " has no satisfactory etymological root .
its riding performance was never fully satisfactory .
it could n’t come to a satisfactory agreement with them on where to take the station , and at the suggestion of a federal radio commissioner , decided to purchase another .
homemakers that follow preventive maintenance methods ensure that household equipment and the house are in satisfactory operating condition by providing for inspection , detection , and correction of incipient failures either before they occur or before they develop into major defects .
" toxic asset " is a popular term for certain financial assets whose value has fallen significantly and for which there is no longer a functioning market , so that such assets can not be sold at a price satisfactory to the holder .
touchscreens are popular in heavy industry and in other situations , such as museum displays or room automation , where keyboard and mouse systems do not allow a satisfactory , intuitive , rapid , or accurate interaction by the user with the display 's content .
after the belgian detailed his theory , einstein stood up , applauded , and is supposed to have said , " this is the most beautiful and satisfactory explanation of creation to which i have ever listened . "
for instance , one could select for both increased milk yield and increased milk fat content in cows via tandem selection by first selecting those with the best of one trait , say those that produce highest milk yield , and then when that trait is at a satisfactory level , by starting to select for those cows that produce milk with the greatest milk fat content instead .
a student must have a satisfactory attendance record and grade point average to audition for or participate in a production .
" n.s.2s early trials at kingsnorth were also satisfactory , but during an endurance trial on 27 june similar to that of " n.s.1 " , she became unmanageable when she lost gas and was wrecked in an attempted landing near stowmarket , suffolk .
to date , the pitt administration has rejected such demands , and discussions aimed at renewing this rivalry have so far yielded no solution satisfactory to both schools .
knighton church in wales primary school ( until 1998 - knighton voluntary primary school ) has 299 pupils ( 2008 ) and in the most recent estyn inspection was graded " good " or " satisfactory " ; the inspectors were largely positive but criticised " low expectations " .
the results were far from satisfactory , with one of the hounds biting the commissioner and both dogs later running off requiring a police search to find them .
to emphasize the importance of academics , the children must prove their grades are satisfactory to earn the privilege to play hockey .
the alteration was directed at a particular director whose conduct had not been satisfactory .
when he decides the car is satisfactory , he settles on agent murphy to drive sal , the remaining hostages and him to kennedy airport .
although left without any governmental guidelines for establishing an air force , the ottoman minister of defence of the time , mahmut şevket paşa , continued to encourage the idea of a military aviation program and sent officers fesa and yusuf kenan , who achieved the highest maneuvering points in a piloting test conducted in 1911 , to france for receiving a more satisfactory flight education .
the school 's final ofsted inspection was carried out in february 2008 , with the school as a whole receiving a ' satisfactory ' grading .
traditionally , it is made from the sorrento lemon , though most lemons will produce satisfactory limoncello .
after shelley 's departure for italy in 1818 , leigh hunt became even poorer , and the prospects of political reform less satisfactory .
the professor was unable to do a satisfactory psychic scan of her , due to the clashing human and kree portions of her psyche .
consequently the condition of the house at bartholomäus herder 's death in 1839 was by no means a satisfactory one .
he received only a " satisfactory " rating on his cadet evaluation in 1879 , but received the second highest grade in his class for the sea cadet 's exam the following year .
the non - yellowing nature of tung oil is vitally important for its satisfactory use in these applications .
as the season unfolds , max and isabel 's father is diving deeper into the past of his children , due to max not giving him a satisfactory reason as to what happened in utah , or why max was even there in the first place .
but the medieval criticism of documents was not very satisfactory even in the hands of a jurist like pope alexander iii .
the experience for those who receive a predictive dialer call can be less satisfactory .
as the ietsist will not have found any of the ' pre - packaged ' gods offered by traditional religions satisfactory , each ietsist 's conception of god will be different .
in less positive reviews , rodney ho of " the atlanta journal - constitution " called it " a satisfactory return episode with a fair share of drama and pathos … [ that ] provides just enough revelations to keep fans hungry for more " and david hinckley of the " daily news " rated the episode with three stars out of a possible five .
basic education level is satisfactory in shakrial .
roll call was kept at each meeting , and any man absent for two successive meetings , without satisfactory reason , was to be sent back to the regular service .
still , he had a fully satisfactory benefit in the game against yorkshire in august .
françois budan , in 1807 and 1811 , had enunciated the theorem generally known by the name of fourier , but the demonstration was not altogether satisfactory .
this is not entirely satisfactory , however .
this proved quite satisfactory when compared with the muddy streets after a good rain .
this proved a less than satisfactory debut but 1980 also brought success to the o'dwyer 's man .
the grant is paid to the research institution involved on satisfactory completion of the study .
to retire at four - star grade , an officer must accumulate at least three years of satisfactory active duty service in that grade , as certified by the secretary of defense and confirmed by the senate .
cloud removal algorithms perform a satisfactory job for pixels that are fully cloudy .
the 2006 ofsted report averaged the college at a satisfactory grade .
ciba - geigy corp resisted , claiming there was no satisfactory alternative for many patients .
torsion - free abelian groups of rank 1 are far more amenable than those of higher rank , and a satisfactory classification exists , even though there are an uncountable number of isomorphism classes .
an infinite series appears to offer little help , since it is basically impossible to check that each justification is satisfactory .
scs procedure involves careful placement of electrodes in the epidural space , a trial period ( which takes between 5 - 7 days ) , and if the results of pain relieving was satisfactory in the trial period , anchoring the electrodes to the interspinal ligaments , positioning and implantation of the pulse generator , tunneling and connection of the connecting wires , programming the system for the special pattern of stimulation and performing required postoperative cares .
initially , attracted by the music , in 1973 he participates in the sanremo festival singing " mondo mio " ( " my world " ) , but the results not really satisfactory convince him to follow the fatherly tracks and to devote himself to the cinema .
upon satisfactory performance of awarded contracts , services and or supply facilitation by the sdvosb , subject depository funds will be issued back to the performing sdvosb at the end of the 12-month calendar performance period at -0%- interest in favor of the u.s government .
he suggested that " as a character one feels she could not be transmuted into a normal , satisfactory adult " .
persons facing compelling security concerns in countries of first asylum ; persons in need of legal protection because of the danger of refoulement ; those in danger due to threats of armed attack in an area where they are located ; or persons who have experienced recent persecution because of their political , religious , or human rights activities ( prisoners of conscience ) ; women - at - risk ; victims of torture or violence , physically or mentally disabled persons ; persons in urgent need of medical treatment not available in the first asylum country ; and persons for whom other durable solutions are not feasible and whose status in the place of asylum does not present a satisfactory long - term solution . " -unhcr resettlement handbook "
despite a dry october outside of southeastern queensland rainfall for the rest of the year was generally satisfactory throughout southern australia , though the wet season did not start well in the north .
satisfactory results in meeting all goals
they nevertheless had satisfactory sexual relations , and the marriage produced children .
for the 2007 to 2008 school year the state rated the school as satisfactory for academics .
the minister has to ensure that facilities and services in leinster house are satisfactory for members and staff .
" the children who have been removed as wards of the chief protector have been removed because i desired to be satisfied that the conditions surrounding their upbringing were satisfactory , which they certainly were not . "
for allaire , the embargo created a scarcity of iron stock necessary for his manufacturing operations and led him to look at acquiring a satisfactory means of assuring a steady , inexpensive supply of raw materials .
the ship 's muster shows christian 's conduct was more than satisfactory
put more simply , there is more or less a “ continuum ” characterized by uniqueness ( of an individual from the group ) at one extreme and homogeneity at the other ; individuals must seek the optimal balance of the two extremes in order to maintain successful and self - satisfactory group membership .
from july 1916 to july 1919 , wilkinson served with distinction as the head of the experimental section , bureau of ordnance , where he developed ordnance materials and devices , most notable being a noxious gas filler for shells and an " exceptionally satisfactory smoke screen " .
middlesbrough experienced another satisfactory season , finishing 12th in the premiership .
mill believed that various chemical reactions ( poorly understood in his time ) could provide examples of emergent properties , although some critics believe that modern chemistry has shown that these reactions can be given satisfactory reductionist explanations .
following in the steps of the abbé charles bossut ( " nouvelles experiences sur la resistance des fluides " , 1777 ) , he published , in 1786 , a revised edition of his " principes d'hydraulique " , which contains a satisfactory theory of the motion of fluids , founded solely upon experiments .
the cruiser squadron operated from british facilities in hong kong which were far from satisfactory as the german ships always took second place for available docks .
this location was soon abandoned in favor of more satisfactory quarters at the northwest corner of 12th and chestnut streets , where meetings and rehearsals were held for five additional seasons .
should the results prove satisfactory , the tree will be produced and marketed by bailey nurseries , of newport , minnesota .
the arrangement was not entirely satisfactory to the french because trade was limited and misunderstandings over treaty obligations often arose .
rarely , a dater has not lied , but instead , a truth was not a suitable or satisfactory answer to a question will be played during this black - and - white flashback sequence .
generally water quality testing confirmed the satisfactory operation of it 's liner control program .
hence the definition above , which arose when it became clear that neither " convergence everywhere " nor " convergence almost everywhere " give a satisfactory answer .
he had been sent by pope gregory i as apostolic " nuncio " , to constantinople , but he apparently was not entirely satisfactory in that office .
yet , for all the knowledge and expertise that have accrued in this area of decision theory , no fully satisfactory general methodology is available to date .
the design management degree in product , transport or digital design ( awarded at the end of the five - year course ) is delivered only after a satisfactory presentation in english detailing the projects carried out during the year , before an international jury composed of managers and potential employers from asia , north america and europe .
historians have attempted to explain his retreat but there is no satisfactory answer .
along with that , gil - robles detected a firm political commitment to find a satisfactory solution among authorities he spoke with .
customer service is the foremost asset championed by the company and is evidenced by high marks on reseller ratings and their satisfactory record of membership with the better business bureau .
the supreme - quality modern equipment ( such as the equipment available in the above mentioned eeg and behavior analysis laboratories ) ensures further satisfactory results .
( good ) , receiving for the second time the reifezeugnis ( diploma attesting the equivalence of satisfactory completion of 6 years at a realschule . )
prisoners were sent to remote camps in vast uninhabited areas of siberia — where voluntary labourers were never available in satisfactory numbers — and forced to perform hard labour .
in the 2006 ofsted inspection the school received an overall 3,or ' satisfactory ' grade , on a scale of 1 - 4 where 1 is the best and 4 is the worst .
likewise the board had been finding the treasury difficult to deal with in obtaining a satisfactory mail contract .
many offers were received for the fm station , but none of the bids for 1560 am were satisfactory to management .
mira de amescua 's plays are dispersed in various printed collections , and the absence of a satisfactory edition has prevented , his due recognition .
originally it had 15 stock holders who worked hard and improved the school and continued giving very satisfactory service to the community in the field of education .
in the first years following the invasion , husák managed to appease the outraged civil population by providing a relatively satisfactory living standard and avoiding any overt reprisals like was the case in the 1950s .
he was named controller of the gregynog press , a well - known private press in wales , in 1933 , but his tenure with the press was brief and , by most accounts , less than satisfactory to all concerned .
in another method , a planter is mounted behind the plow , thus planting without further traffic , leaving a loose seedbed that is satisfactory in areas where postplanting rains may be heavy .
in 1956 , however , the township asked the millington association to find other quarters , and the central school location had steadily become less than satisfactory due to increasing enrollment .
one of his first challenges was to craft a cabinet satisfactory to all factions ; this he did by excluding the leaders of all sides .
a consequence has been a purely cosmetic improvement in universities ' own internal complaints systems in order to reach satisfactory conclusions without need for appeal to the oia .
if it is satisfactory , a further three year scholarship is provided .
that the public water supply of utica , furnished by the consolidated water company of utica , should be of a satisfactory sanitary quality provided efficient chlorination of the supply is at all times maintained .
baldwin locomotive works produced 495 15-tonne 4 - 6 - 0 t of a less satisfactory american design while hudswell clarke and andrew barclay sons & co. built 83 0 - 6 - 0 t locomotives .
a free program like the gimp may not have as many settings , but well used they can often provide a satisfactory result .
an investigation sponsored by the board of trustees discovered the warehouse facility in rhode island and applied under the vefp to bring it to campus , despite the fact that its original design was not satisfactory for the creation of an arena .
at any rate the antiquity of the place where waterford now stands can not be traced with any satisfactory degree of certainty beyond about 850 a.d. when the site was occupied and fortified by sigtrygg ( sitric ) the dane .
this was the same grading as it received in its penultimate inspection , and was a grade higher than the school 's grade of ' satisfactory ' .
he was aware of the slums and stacked tenements near mills in manchester , new hampshire and lawrence and lowell , massachusetts , and became convinced that satisfactory comfort and amenities were both practical and enlightened .
by 1941 a more developed v-770 was installed in the fairchild xat-14 gunner prototype and found satisfactory for the production fairchild at-21 gunner gunnery school aircraft .
the state cited the project 's price tag , which had risen to $ 125 million , and the existing road infrastructure in the area , which the state deemed satisfactory and as not in need of an extension of ny 531 .
yet it did not offer satisfactory results .
jras 1990 records : " it has not , however , proved possible to interpret title of yuvaraja attached to kharaosta in a satisfactory way , for the person entitled to be styled yuvaraja in the province of the mahaksatrpa rajuvula would naturally be his son sodasa .
the nearby casterton business and enterprise college , over in rutland lea , would also be a satisfactory alternative .
the ’south african liturgy’ — the prayer books of 1924 and 1954 — were widely acknowledged as amongst the “ most satisfactory ” in the anglican communion .
the latter usually include multiple procedures , more expense and with a less satisfactory outcome , in terms of replicating nature .
the single example built by heinkel was tested by the air force , and found still not quite satisfactory , was modified by cfm ( the air force workshops ) until the problems had been largely eliminated .
although he was a frequent fare dodger , he failed to give a satisfactory excuse .
wescoatt was an expert at playing the " henchmen " role in b - westerns and serials , as he had a satisfactory career in both .
the reasons for his removal as foreign minister in april 2001 are unclear , but his achievements in the position were often claimed to be less satisfactory than that of his predecessor , tariq aziz .
habitual residence may be a more satisfactory connecting factor than domicile because a person 's long - term residence would appear to offer a more practical basis for recognition , whatever his or her intentions may be .
initially , king did not think of lombardo as a candidate and believed lombardo would not be able to perform to a satisfactory level .
this method does not require any jigs but does require a lot of practice to achieve satisfactory results , especially in situations where the bevel angle is critical .
this led to the secondary orbital explanation as well as a satisfactory hypothesis that elucidated polymerization of certain diels - alder adducts .
by september 1908 he had issued a general invitation to all manufacturers of electric automobiles to participate in a trip from denver to new york with the challenge " to an endurance run between the above named points at a time in the fall that will be satisfactory and allow the greatest number of entries possible . "
the bishops opposed this and , after a struggle lasting for several years , obtained a final settlement of this and other questions , a settlement , in the main , satisfactory to the bishops .
after two failed attempts at bringing " galloping " inflation under control , in april 1924 a somewhat satisfactory stabilization scheme was established that reigned in inflation and laid the foundations for a modern financial system .
" i am persuaded that this is a righteous judgment of god upon these barbarous wretches , who have imbued their hands in so much innocent blood and that it will tend to prevent the effusion of blood for the future , which are satisfactory grounds for such actions , which otherwise can not but work remorse and regret . "
maintenance of the attractive palace , which has painted walls and glass work , ceiling , intricate woodwork , has not been satisfactory in view of lack of fund allocation for the purpose , by the government .
