the 2 . class torpedo boat was a designation in the scandinavian countries for a type of fast steam ships between 40 tons and 80 tons .
there he blended what he had learned in his formal education with clean scandinavian design .
native scandinavian sources are generally held to date no earlier than the 9th century in the form of skaldic poetry , such as " ynglingatal " .
in addition to the self - written material , the band also played some scandinavian standards , preferably by composers such as calle jularbo , alf prøysen , thore skogman and evert taube .
sweden has a long coastline on the eastern side and the scandinavian mountain chain ( skanderna ) on the western border , a range that separates sweden from norway .
norwegian farmhouses used timber or logs and built using scandinavian vernacular architecture .
the word " krone / krona " literally means " crown " , and the differences in spelling of the name represent the differences between the scandinavian languages .
it was founded by scandinavian mennonite immigrants , mostly from sweden .
jamtlandic or jamtish ( " jamska " , formally a definite form , in jamtlandic ) is a well - defined group of dialects of scandinavian .
according to the " þiðrekssaga " and a scandinavian ballad , he was of dietrich von bern 's warriors .
conway 's more recent work includes a series of satirical how - to videos in which he plays a diminutive , dark - haired scandinavian known as dorf ( a variation on " dwarf " ) , reprising his goofy mr. tudball accent .
even if the scandinavian analogues did not suggest wider dissemination , the close links between bavaria and fulda - the first abbot sturmi was a member of the bavarian nobility - would in any case be sufficient to account for knowledge of this material in the monastery .
he is best known as one of the leading exponents of scandinavian legal realism .
an alter ego similar to fellow scandinavian personality silvía night , elin ek says that the character of grynet just popped out of her head as an idea one day to do a parody on the typical swedish teenager .
the club said that they liked him , and that he had adapted well into the team , but he did not fit into the scandinavian style of play .
" grice " is a scottish and northern english dialect word originally meaning " young pig " ( scandinavian : " gris " ) .
the 15th regiment wisconsin volunteer infantry , more popularly known as the " scandinavian regiment " , was an infantry regiment that served in the union army during the american civil war .
rauset organized " night and day " , the first scandinavian exhibition of gay and lesbian art , in 1985 , and is a cultural ambassador of the international lesbian and gay cultural network .
of the different words or rather sounds that are used in cheering , " hurrah " , though now generally looked on as the typical british form of cheer , is found in various forms in german , scandinavian , russian ( " ura " ) , french ( " houra " ) .
" scandinavian journal of infectious diseases " is published by informa healthcare , a trading division in informa plc , a united kingdom - based publisher .
at about 8000 bp an accident of the uneven scandinavian isostatic land rise brought vättern above ancylus and the two became distinct .
playground music scandinavia ab ( or just playground music , abbreviated to pgm ) is a scandinavian based record label founded in 1999 .
a scandinavian lochlann appears in later irish tales , generally concerning the king of lochlann — sometimes called colgán — or his sons , such as in the tales of lugh and the fenian cycle .
historians see her as a fiction , derived from pre - christian folk tales of scandinavian night demons called " the lussi " , her story coming from the association with darkness combined with folk etymologies of her name as deriving from " lux " , the latin word for " light " .
of the three surfer leads , raven - haired peter brown was made into a blonde by makeup artist ben lane ( to match the hair of brown ’s surfing double – and to keep all three men from being brunettes ) , which required his girlfriend , the blonde barbara eden , to have auburn hair ; likewise the dark - haired shelley fabres – who is paired with the dark - haired fabian , became a scandinavian blonde .
alternatively , " mor " ( without diacritic ) may derive from an indo - european root connoting terror or monstrousness , cognate with the old english " maere " ( which survives in the modern english word " nightmare " ) and the scandinavian " mara " .
when this strip was reprinted as a back - up feature in the scandinavian the phantom magazines , nolan was also asked to provide painted phantom covers for three issues .
abettor ( from " to abet , " old french " abeter " , " á " and " beter " , to bait , urge dogs upon any one ; this word is probably of scandinavian origin , meaning to cause to bite ) , is a law term implying one who instigates , encourages or assists another to commit an offence .
most scandinavian countries require children sit rear facing until at least the age of 4 years .
scandinavian gold cup is a sailing race held annually for 5.5 metre yachts .
scandinavian tobacco group ( stg ) is one of denmark 's largest international companies and the parent company of a number of subsidiaries .
one member of litchfield ’s gar was unusual , at least for that very scandinavian town .
the " acta psychiatrica scandinavica " is a scandinavian peer reviewed scientific journal containing original research , systematic reviews etc .
the semi - mythical jomsborg ( home of the fearsome jomsvikings ) and other scandinavian outposts were located in wendish pomerania .
it has been proposed that , like dublin , cork was an important trading centre in the global scandinavian trade network .
from old norse to scandinavian languages .
goss is the recipient of numerous research awards from such organizations as the american - scandinavian foundation , the paul sacher stiftung in basel , switzerland , and the national endowment for the humanities .
the name was used in early 19th century scandinavian literature , probably as a variant of wilhelmina .
initially dubbed the " new yardbirds " for the scandinavian dates , the band soon became known as led zeppelin .
the 2007 scandinavian tour was conducted without singer / violinist naomi irvine , who had quit the band earlier that summer .
salt became a major trade item at the dawn of the scandinavian middle ages , which began circa 1000 ad .
fourth - based harmony became important in the work of slavic and scandinavian composers such as modest mussorgsky , leoš janáček , and jean sibelius .
the passive use of the scandinavian mediopassive is probably predominant , but the medial use is quite frequent as well .
it got little attention , and vennemann went on to study history and american and scandinavian studies at colleges and universities in vienna , innsbruck , and berlin before completing his first novel , " close to jedenew " .
this ballad is found in several scandinavian variants , with various different charms laid by the witch ; sometimes she could not enchant one location in the house , and when the woman in labor is moved there , the baby is born .
the international offices in hamburg , germany were acquired by divine and those in oslo by the scandinavian itera consulting group .
in 2000 , there are neighborhoods with very high human development indexes equal to or greater than the indexes of some scandinavian countries , but also those in the lower range in line with , for example , north africa .
rosette recipes are popular in the united states among families with scandinavian ancestry .
scandinavian tobacco group is a global company with danish headquarters and the group employs a staff of approx . 9,500 .
data show that y - chromosome markers ( y - str ) from known descendants of edmund are consistent with haplogroup i1 ( dys455 = 8 ; yca - iia , b = 19 , 21 ) with likely anglo - saxon or norse / scandinavian origin ( dys462 = 13 ) ; lacking strong specific haplotype characteristics of haplogroup r1b consistent with celtic welsh , briton , or irish ancestry predominantly found in other rice family lines ( see : y - dna haplogroups by ethnic groups ) .
it was steele who adapted the surname of his scandinavian paternal grandfather , thomas stil - hicks ( pronounced steel - hicks ) , adding another e to the spelling .
kyrklig förnyelse ( name translates " church revival " or " churchly renewal " , published in 1935 ) is a manifesto of the scandinavian lutheran high church movement , written by swedish priest gunnar rosendal .
after winning the scandinavian young artist competition , talvi furthered his studies in paris , vienna and the united states .
he began his career fighting for finnfight before moving on to fight for shooto where he became the first scandinavian person to hold a mma world title after winning the shooto world welterweight championship in 2003 from takanori gomi .
in this sense , a " haberdasher " ( scandinavian name ) would be very close to a " mercer " ( french name ) .
the population is mixed , largely scandinavian . "
he was also among the exhibitors at the society of scandinavian - american artists exhibition held at the brooklyn museum in 1932 .
in 1954 , the company received a subcontract from scandinavian airlines system ( sas ) , the successor of dnl , to operate a see plane route from tromsø via alta , hammerfest and kirkenes to vadsø .
a review by jon neudorf in the webzine , " sea of tranquility " , described the album as having " a more european flavor ... maybe scandinavian or celtic " going on to categorize it as celtic / gothic / folk ' and compared tiffany 's voice to that of nightwish singer , anette olzon .
these contacts and the scandinavian influence on pomerania was so considerable that this region is sometimes included in the nordic bronze age culture .
he has written six symphonies ( of which the fifth , " lapponica " , is dedicated to the sami people ) , twelve scandinavian dances , one opera ( " pelle svanslös " ) , and five ballets , as well as music for wind orchestra .
similarly , catholic parishes in the area welcomed irish and german immigrants .. far north omaha , near florence , was home to an almost exclusively scandinavian immigrant community .
the elves are typically pictured as fair - haired , white - clad , and ( like most creatures in the scandinavian folklore ) nasty when offended .
the scanian law , the oldest of the medieval scandinavian laws , came into force in the beginning of the 13th century .
scandinavian settlers followed the raiders into the swathe of england under danish control , which became the danelaw .
knudsen is a surname of scandinavian origin , derived from the personal name knud ( canute ) and literally meaning " knud 's son . "
at this time , most buildings changed their forms from being round to rectangular , following the scandinavian style .
as result of the success of the album and its singles in the countries near the netherlands , they started to release their singles in the scandinavian countries in 2006 too .
they are very prominent in scandinavian scholarly and public debate , where the expression is also used to refer to types of social manipulation not part of ås 's framework .
the daytime running light was first mandated , and safety benefits first perceived , in scandinavian countries where it is frequently and persistently dark during daytime hours in winter time .
other elements of norse mythology survived without being perceived as such , especially concerning supernatural beings in scandinavian folklore .
the etin of the scottish version is , in scandinavian and german versions , an elf - king , a hill - king , a dwarf - king , or even a merman .
the presence of the fort draw diverse settlers to the city , and by 1880 the city was nearly 90% scandinavian .
from 1877 , after the establishment of the scandinavian monetary union , and until present day , norwegian banknotes have included 1000 kroner , 500 kroner , 100 kroner , and 50 kroner notes .
( in actuality , no scandinavian language is spelled with macrons , although some forms of cursive , such as the sütterlin script , employs them to distinguish lowercase us from lowercase ns ) .
tradition history is connected with secular folklore studies , especially axel olrik 's analysis of scandinavian folklore and the " laws " which he established concerning the nature of such folklore .
blair had been inspired by a then recent danish anti - terror law which had been used by a copenhagen court to fine the environmentalist group greenpeace 30,000 kroner ( 4,900 dollars , 4,000 euros ) following a protest in october 2003 against genetically modified organisms ( gmos ) in the scandinavian country 's then robust pork industry . "
later european settlers also brought with them traditional folk and classical music , especially choral and christian - themed music , opera , and varieties of ethnic folk music including slavic and scandinavian styles .
for some reason , this edition was n't as successful as the other scandinavian editions , and the magazine was cancelled after only seven issues in 1995 .
sometimes the ending " i " is spelled " e " ( supported by manuscript spelling and mainland scandinavian custom ) .
scandinavian monetary union .
the original name of the bank had been " skandinaviska kreditaktiebolaget " , or " scandinavian credit ltd. " , and was only later changed .
this mutation occurs with the greatest frequency among scandinavian males : 35 percent in norway , denmark and sweden , and peaking at 40 percent within western finland .
for the purposes of this article the christianization of scandinavia refers to the process of conversion to christianity of the scandinavian people , starting in the 8th century with the arrival of missionaries in denmark and it was at least nominally complete by the 12th century , although the samis remained unconverted until the 18th century .
viasat sport 2 was a scandinavian soccer channel .
founded by norwegian immigrant jorgen eliason in the 1880s , poulsbo was settled in its early years by a large number of norwegian and other scandinavian immigrants because of its similarities to their native countries .
most of the conquered territories outside the scandinavian peninsula were lost during the 18th and 19th centuries .
then he was put in the care of some lapps sami ( the native tribe of the scandinavian arctic ) who with reindeer pulled him on a sled across finland and into neutral sweden , where he was safe at last .
other subjects discussed include literature from greenland , and scandinavian literature in england .
he is general editor for the equinox press monograph series " copenhagen international seminar " and associate editor of the " scandinavian journal for the old testament " , and serves on the editorial boards of the journals " holy land studies " and " dansk teologisk tidsskrift " .
birk ( " biærk " , " berck " , " byrck " ) was during the scandinavian middle ages the name for a demarcated area , especially a town or a market place , with its own laws and privileges , the bjarkey laws .
since this * " z " changed to * " r " in the scandinavian languages and in west germanic ( german , dutch , english , frisian ) , verner 's law resulted in alternation of * " s " and * " r " in some inflectional paradigms , known as grammatischer wechsel .
huldreslåt is a scandinavian folk band that was born not in scandinavia but in buenos aires , argentina , in the year 2006 .
the kings ' sagas are norse sagas which tell of the lives of scandinavian kings .
smygehuk lighthouse marks the southermost tip of sweden and the scandinavian peninsula .
a special ' cultural branch ' was set up under the leadership of dr. heinrich jessen , to facilitate contacts with the cultural and academic sphere in the scandinavian countries .
ohp researchers and practitioners also consult a variety of other periodicals including , but not limited to , " social science & medicine " , the " journal of applied psychology " , the " journal of organizational behavior " , the " journal of health and social behavior " , the " scandinavian journal of work , environment & health " , the " journal of occupational and organizational psychology " ( originally published as the " journal of occupational psychology " ) , the " american journal of public health " , " organizational research methods " , " occupational medicine " , the " european journal of work and organizational psychology " , " psychosomatic medicine " , the " journal of occupational and environmental medicine " ( originally published as the " journal of occupational medicine " ) , and ' .
the nearby community of thomson also is known to have a large scandinavian presence .
two pre - owned bombardier dash 8 q400s , acquired from scandinavian airlines system , were modified by cascade aerospace of abbotsford , british columbia , for the " sécurité civile " to act as fire - fighting water bombers in fire season and as transport aircraft off season .
foston from the old scandinavian fos+ton , for “ farmstead or fotr ” .
" uff da also spelled uff - da or uffda is a term used in in the scandinavian countries ; norway , sweden and denmark .
after the s scandinavian star disaster in 1990 , in which communication errors played a part , an effort was made by the international maritime organization to update seaspeak and the standard maritime communication vocabulary ( smcv ) .
the cineteca nacional ( the mexican film library ) , near the coyoacán suburb , shows a wide variety of films , and stages many film festivals , including the annual international showcase , and many smaller ones ranging from scandinavian and uruguayan cinema , to jewish and glbt - themed films .
scandinavian prisoners in germany .
this ballad is closely related with a scandinavian one , " young william " , in which a rival in love kills the successful wooer , the woman bears a child and has the rival told it was a girl , and the son , grown , kills the rival .
engstrom served various posts at the scandinavian collectors club , including the office of president .
the scandinavian version of jetix available in sweden , norway , denmark and finland was replaced by disney xd on september 11 , 2009 .
scandinavian languages .
joan elizabeth turville - petre ( b litt , ma ) ( 10 may 1911 - 9 march 2006 ) was a noted academic at oxford university , england , in the field of anglo - saxon , icelandic and scandinavian language studies .
the battle for tampere was fought between 16,000 white and 14,000 red soldiers , and it was the decisive action of the war and the largest military engagement in scandinavian history to that point .
the manx runestones are consequently similar to the scandinavian ones , but whereas a norwegian runestone is called " stone " in the inscriptions , even if it is in the shape of a cross , the runestones that were raised in the british isles typically call them " crosses " .
from 1985 to 2008 he edited the " scandinavian journal of educational research " .
however , many authors use the term " jarl " to describe contemporary scandinavian lords of the same rank , and the term " count " for french and german ones .
in the century or two before 1130 the name moray described a polity , far larger than the later county or district of the same name , which at its largest extended from drumochter in the south to the scandinavian held lands of caithness and sutherland in the north .
this was the last time racing cars held a race in norway before the war and did not resume afterwards as rallying started to dominate the scandinavian countries .
lyres appearing to have emerged independently of greco - roman prototypes were used by the teutonic , gallic , scandinavian , and celtic peoples over a thousand years ago .
subsequently , there were japanese film depictions , ( godzilla , gamera ) , british depictions ( gorgo ) , and even scandinavian depictions ( reptilicus ) , of giant monsters attacking cities .
ramberg has actively worked in the sphere of maritime law , having been the president of the maritime law association of sweden , a member of the editorial board of " lloyd 's maritime and commercial law quarterly " , president of the board of the scandinavian maritime law institute , as well as the honorary vice - president of the " comité maritim international " .
the name ' owston ' is of old scandinavian and old english origin .
rønning shared the 2005/06 season between the world cup and the scandinavian cup , competing almost exclusively in sprints .
in january 1912 , the canadian government commissioned cleven to be in charge of canada 's scandinavian settlement program .
starting with margaret i of denmark , the throne of norway was held by a series of non - norwegian kings ( usually perceived as danish ) who variously held the throne to more than one scandinavian countries , or of all of them .
the scandinavian empire is a historical name given to the period of scandinavia when cnut the great ruled as king of england , denmark , norway and parts of sweden between 1016 - 1035 .
in many ways they are a female version of the scandinavian nixie .
in addition there is run a roadracing event called scandinavian open each year , edurance races and a classic motor event .
nihilist was a swedish scandinavian death metal band formed in 1987 by nicke andersson and alex hellid .
it is an historic meeting between initiative rich , creative people in dar - es - salaam who earn their livelihoods by selling handmade artistic products , and scandinavian cultural assistance .
she is professor for modern scandinavian literatures at the nordeuropa - institut ( department of northern european studies ) , humboldt - universität in berlin .
in the north , about 50% of the voters were pietistic protestants ( methodists , scandinavian lutherans , presbyterians , congregationalists , disciples of christ ) who believed the government should be used to reduce social sins , such as drinking .
it is unusual for joel 's work in its direct homage to and influence of the music of the beatles and john lennon ( in particular " laura , " " surprises , " " scandinavian skies , " and " where 's the orchestra " ) .
cedar avenue became a hub of the minneapolis scandinavian community in the late 1800 ’s .
( some scandinavian countries still have protestant state churches . )
student teams compete in brännboll , a scandinavian game similar to baseball .
laws compiled in the 13th century but based on even more ancient customs give us most interesting and definite information as to scandinavian practices of allotment .
for example , it is known as " bacalao " ( spanish ) , " bakaiļao"(basque ) , " bacallà " ( catalan ) , " morue " ( french ) , " baccalà " ( italian ) , " bacalhau " ( portuguese ) , " klippfisk / clipfish " ( scandinavian ) , " saltfiskur " ( icelandic ) , " bakalar " ( croatian ) , and " saltfish " ( caribbean ) .
since around the 12th or 13th century it has been the name of the scandinavian martial art of folk wrestling still practiced today , notably in iceland but is also taught in various parts of scandinavia and europe such as and .
in the early 1900s cedar avenue had been known as “ snoose boulevard ” , a nickname often given to the main street in scandinavian communities .
the hydrogen link network in denmark was established in 2005 by the nordic transportpolitical network to form a hydrogen highway with hydrogen sweden and hynor as part of the scandinavian hydrogen highway partnership .
his mystical lyrics , entitled " liljor i saron " ( lilies in sharon ; 1820 ) , and his sonnets , which are best read in swedish , may be recommended as among the most delicate products of the scandinavian mind .
iceland was settled in the late 9th and early 10th centuries , principally by people of norwegian and other scandinavian origin .
he descended from an old noble family of remote scandinavian ancestry , who left denmark to settle in livonia during the fourteenth century .
in interjections , but not in normal words , pulmonic ingressive vowels such as frequently occur in scandinavian languages , e.g. swedish , and contrary to the common view that pulmonic ingressive speech is restricted to northern europe , speech technologist robert eklund has recently shown that it occurs on most continents , in a wide variety of languages of different typological origins , e.g. and ewe .
dalby is a scandinavian place name meaning " valley settlement " , during the viking age , the name was brought to england and it later also became an english surname .
steen & strøm is a scandinavian retail and real estate company that owns and operates 52 shopping centres in norway , sweden and denmark .
it has many meanings , including " goal " or " beginning " ( in greek ) , " sign " ( nissa , in hebrew ) , " friendly elf or fairy " ( nissa in scandinavian ) , " woman " ( in arabic ) and " end " ( in latin ) .
this meant that ba and scandinavian airlines ( sas ) had an effective monopoly on most routes between the uk and scandinavia .
in 1817 he was nominated by the scandinavian literary society a corresponding member ; and in 1840 he was made dd by the university of copenhagen .
label founded by scandinavian records in 1994 to release various electronic music ( mainly - dance genres ) .
other lutherans formed a complex checkerboard of synods , most of which merged with scandinavian - based synods in 1988 , forming the evangelical lutheran church in america .
vance probably took the name from an archaic / dialectal english verb derived from a scandinavian word meaning " to feel horror , shudder " ( oed ) , now most commonly encountered in the word " gruesome " ( " danish : " grufuld " , " swedish : " gruvlig " , " norwegian : " grusom " , " german : " gruselig , gruseln " ) .
also , after the failure to create a scandinavian defense union , denmark joined nato in 1949 .
late in the period scandinavian influences were added through the vikings , then original celtic work came to end with the norman invasion in 1169–1170 and subsequent introduction of the romanesque style .
nordic heritage museum is located in the ballard neighborhood of seattle , washington , considered to be the heart of the scandinavian community .
the other scandinavian churches celebrated this along with the icelandic church and many of the new cathedral 's items are gifts of theirs ; for example , gerður helgadóttir 's extensive stained glass windows are a gift from the danes .
the parallel florence project ( gro bjerkness & tone bratteteig ) started a long line of scandinavian research projects in the health sector .
the scandinavian sagas and le morte d'arthur gave him subjects after his own heart .
in the scandinavian countries customary law continues to exist and has great influence .
in order to generate business for his railroad , hill encouraged european immigrants to settle along his line , often paying for russian and scandinavian settlers to travel from europe .
he was known as " the scandinavian giant , " " the wisconsin paul bunyan , " and " count olaf " .
in jämtland the scandinavian inland transhumance , " buföring " , has always been more important than cultivation .
folk metal acts are not uncommon in the other scandinavian countries .
he attended the münster and bochum universities and received his masters degree in 1973 ( journalism , scandinavian studies , modern history ) .
bryn is notable for being the first scandinavian to play in the nba , and remains the only norwegian who has played in the league thus far .
it is bordered by the ecoregions of scandinavian and russian taiga ( north ) , urals montane tundra and taiga ( east ) , east european forest steppe ( southeast ) , central european mixed forests ( southwest ) and baltic mixed forests ( west ) , as well as by the baltic sea .
although lutefisk is eaten by norwegians , more lutefisk is eaten by americans and canadians of scandinavian descent .
she had previously been a scandinavian ferry , called the " stena baltica " .
the concept of a false fjord arises from differences in the use of the word " fjord " in english and in the scandinavian languages .
another option to get to kristiansund is to fly with scandinavian airlines from several other norwegian cities .
the head office of scandinavian airlines and sas group is located in solna municipality .
- list of scandinavian death metal bands
sea serpents also appear frequently in later scandinavian folklore , particularly in that of norway .
sabang beach in the northeast offers good snorkeling opportunities , though some visitors may recognize it as one of the settings for the scandinavian tv show " robinson expedisjonen " , the predecessor to " survivor " .
tvins is a scandinavian shopping channel broadcasting 24 hours a day .
in german and scandinavian countries , the popularity of the name spread due to saint bridget of sweden .
it may be a sign of the slowness of the conversion that many elements of the old faith , even several of the gods , remained part of scandinavian folklore until modern times .
the kalmar union between the scandinavian countries was established in 1389 and lasted until gustav vasa broke off at seizing power .
in the center of this movement was uppsala professor and poly - scientist olaus rudbeck ( 1630 - 1702 ) , whose work is described by flemming lundgreen - nielsen , professor , department of scandinavian studies and linguistics , university of copenhagen as follows : " by means of fantastical etymologies and bold combinations of historical and scientific facts , olaus rudbeck showed that sweden was the cradle of mankind and all early civilization , identifiable with plato 's lost continent of atlantis .
scandinavian and russian birds also migrate southwards , but western european birds , and a few in japan , are largely resident .
his articles include " the phonetic organization of early germanic " ( " american journal of germanic languages and literature " , 1992 ) and " gone with the wind : more thoughts on medieval farting " ( " scandinavian studies " , 1996 ) .
all the classical geographers who wrote about this region during the first six centuries ad name different tribes as the inhabitants of the main scandinavian " island " .
he was a fellow in the american college of surgeons and in the scandinavian surgical society , an honorary member of the christiania surgical society .
the title is a reference to alfred tennyson 's sonnet " the kraken " , which describes a scandinavian sea monster .
ancient literature , such as the norse sagas , does not reveal a history of whale fisheries in iceland but occasionally describes conflicts between various families over whale carcasses and early links between scandinavian people and whales .
already in euphemia 's lifetime it was easy to see that her genealogical position became a pivotal point to many future claims to the scandinavian thrones .
however , this scene is still overshadowed by the more popular scandinavian viking folk metal scene , pioneered by such acts as korpiklaani , ensiferum , and tyr .
the " poveşti de aur " series thus includes fairy tales from european folklore and asian folktales : indian ( " savitri and satyavan " ) , spanish ( " the bird of truth " ) , german , italian , japanese , polish , scandinavian and serbian .
he graduated from the raf staff college in 1946 , worked for the scandinavian airlines system from 1947 to 1949 and as the aerial attaché at the norwegian embassy in stockholm from 1949 to 1951 .
later a sound change occurred in east scandinavian from " a " into " e " , the so called i - mutation .
during the 16th and 17th centuries , numerous high german , scandinavian ( danish and swedish ) , dutch and english translations and adaptations in " volksbuch " or chap book form were printed .
recently , lisby and baehrenz created and wrote the scandinavian adaptation of the popular disney teen sitcom ‘
, in effect a weird response to the scandinavian defense .
whites are mostly of spanish descent , but there are also those of german , english , italian , scandinavian , and american descent .
scandinavian design was very influential at this time , with a style characterized by simplicity , democratic design and natural shapes .
when the civil war broke out , johnson joined the scandinavian regiment and was appointed captain of company b. after the battle at perryville , johnson was promoted to the rank of major .
he made his literary debut in 2001 with " the cocka hola company " , the first part of his " scandinavian misanthropy trilogy " . "
the norwegian theatre academy is exempted from the standard norwegian university entrance requirements and acceptance is gained by assessment of artistic talent during audition , which means that anyone can apply . because of the international profile there are no requirements for norwegian language skills , though it is expected that non - scandinavian students acquire an understanding of norwegian during their course of studies .
as a result , laestadian congregations separate from the extant scandinavian lutheran churches were formed in cokato , minnesota , in 1872 and in calumet , michigan , in 1873 .
according to ohthere , it was the first scandinavian voyage to the bjarmians , but this information is not reliable .
the scandinavian - american rockband jungle dreams , fronted by kim larsen , performed a version of this song on the album " sittin on a time bomb " with slightly altered lyrics .
scholars have theorized that the vanir may be connected to small pieces of gold foil , goldgubber , found in scandinavian graves from the migration period to the viking age and whether the vanir originally represented pre - indo - european deities or indo - european fertility gods .
despite the fact that the name appears to have a scandinavian ring to it , it has no connection to anything scandavian .
a stay at the court of svend estridson gave him the opportunity to find information about the history and geography of denmark , and the scandinavian countries .
bearded throwback to the sixties , hacker richard stallman serves as the movement 's spiritual leader while scandinavian linus torvalds acts as its mild mannered chief engineer ( as developer of the linux kernel ) . "
from here , they created the scandinavian adaptation of the popular disney sitcom ‘
the scandinavian championship , royal league , was started in 2004 and is played during the winter .
other : french , scandinavian , qgd .
he has retained life - long contacts with norwegian friends and sees scandinavian literature as a major influence .
there were three changes from the inaugural season , with the addition of the portuguese open and the scandinavian enterprise open , and the loss of the john player trophy .
the tale has its source in a scandinavian folk tale andersen learned in his childhood , but similarities with " aladdin and the wonderful lamp " and other tales have been noted .
carol j. clover ( born 31 july 1940 ) is an american professor of film studies , rhetoric language and scandinavian mythology ..
many embassies and consulates of countries such as france , england , italy , the netherlands and scandinavian countries connect syros with other european capitals .
unlike dutch , german , and southern low german , the northern dialects form the participle without the prefix " ge- " , like the scandinavian languages and english .
john iii was determined to keep his only port on the scandinavian west coast , and his efforts included the sale of warships and devaluation of the swedish currency .
in the uk , boots fitted with steel loops that go around the pole ( known as “ scandinavian climbers ” ) are also used for climbing poles .
many served as mercenaries , and the famed varangian guard , serving the emperor of constantinople was drawn principly of scandinavian warriors .
the song and associated game is traditional , and has parallels in the scandinavian languages and in dutch ( although the mulberry bush is replaced by a juniper bush in scandinavia ) .
- petter stordalen winner of scandinavian businessman of the year 2004
in the first part comes from the name " anlaf " , a form of the popular scandinavian personal name of " olav " .
in the first few years of growth , its main settlers were germans and people of scandinavian descent , mostly norwegians .
scandinavian tower .
kristian solmer vedel ( march 2 , 1923 - march 5 , 2003 ) was a danish industrial designer and part of the scandinavian design movement .
the finnish petrologist jakob sederholm first used the term in 1907 for rocks within the scandinavian craton in southern finland .
however , sami people increasingly mixed with finnish and scandinavian settlers , losing their culture and language .
a scandinavian cemetery is available for visits any time .
sometimes spelled maja , it can also be used as a short form of maria or mary in germany , scandinavian countries , poland , slovenia , croatia , serbia , and macedonia .
five years later , the runway was further expanded increasing the length to 1900 m. in 1975 , eilat airport started to attract scandinavian airlines .
he is credited with inspiring a generation of scandinavian horn players .
scandinavian activity theory is a derivation of soviet activity theory , a psychological meta - theory , paradigm , or framework , with its roots in the soviet psychologist vygotsky 's cultural - historical psychology .
at the time of its publication one reviewer wrote : “ novelty and freshness , and no little ingenuity as a parodist , salute us in this volume of dialect verse hailing from the haunts of the lumberjack or , more locally , northern wisconsin and minnesota , where dwell so many neo - americans of scandinavian birth . ”
this attire can include tunics , kimonos , scandinavian skirts / aprons , etc .
instead there have been finds of norse weapons , and there is a large viking age cemetery near the modern town 's railway station containing many scandinavian graves , these , too , showing a sweden - gotlandic pattern " .
while scandinavian sagas describe events in 10th century britain , their value as sources of historical narrative , rather than documents of social history , is disputed .
in 1958 - 1961 they showed up in the big scenes in scandinavian , england and germany as well as in the usa , among other at coconut grove in los angeles .
for this reason , rather than being parallel to the scottish clan model , the polish clan system may be considered as being more akin to the scandinavian " ætt " and the germanic " sippia " .
the female equivalent " svenja " , though seemingly scandinavian , is not common anywhere outside of german - speaking countries .
sam is married to birgitte hendricks , the danish creator of sewdanish , a scandinavian textile art company .
from 9 october , scandinavian airlines reduced their prices by 22% on the route .
the proposed union was being discussed by a joint scandinavian committee during the winter of 1948 - 1949 , but the cold war tension between the united states and the soviet union , and preparations for a western alliance that would result in the north atlantic treaty overshadowed the effort .
the town was originally surrounded by secure castle walls and the name fishguard derives from old norse " fiskigarðr " meaning " fish catching enclosure " , this indicates that there may have been a scandinavian trading post here , although there is no historical record to confirm this .
there is a curse associated with the hoard and it is also a germanic and scandinavian burial practice .
dutch , german , scandinavian , russian and polish speakers employ the expression " buying a cat - in - the - bag " when someone buys something without examining it beforehand .
the largest is a hangar belonging to scandinavian airlines , dating from 1979 , and a hangar from 1992 which is used by sas cargo .
after a bit civilian services were wanted , and april 2 , 1964 the first schedules flight was flown by scandinavian airlines with a metropolitan .
it is popular in more rural areas with sizable lutheran populations of scandinavian heritage .
the chief argument against this theory is the fact that it is not particularly likely that the old scandinavian language of the notoriously pagan varangians would have ben mixed with the language of christian - arian goths by a medieval copyist and that , furthermore , the arian goths of the balkans were in no way identical with the crimean goths at the northern shores of the black sea , which were very possibly not even converted to christianity , or at least not in its " heretic " arian variety .
plaza magazine international is an international publication , focusing on design , interior decoration and fashion with a " hip " scandinavian perspective .
storsjöbygden became an oasis in the middle of the scandinavian inland , surrounded by dense forest .
it is the earliest stage of a characteristically north germanic language , and the language attested in the oldest scandinavian elder futhark inscriptions , spoken ca . from the 3rd to 7th centuries ( corresponding to the later roman iron age and the earlier germanic iron age ) .
grynet is a swedish fictional character , an alter ego similar to fellow scandinavian personality silvía night , portrayed by elin ek .
the company was originally known as " tv1 " , but was renamed " scandinavian broadcasting systems " in 1991 .
the scandinavian version of toon disney available in sweden , norway , denmark and finland was replaced by disney xd on september 11 2009 .
margarete emilie charlotte steffin ( born 21 march 1908 in rummelsburg , now part of berlin ; died 4 june 1941 in moscow ) was a german actress and writer , one of bertold brecht 's closest collaborators , as well as a prolific translator from russian and scandinavian languages .
the word " kontor " means office in swedish and other scandinavian languages .
the runestone is considered by runologists and scandinavian language scholars to be a hoax ; yet its authenticity is believed by some amateur researchers and locals alike .
hamlet is a striking figure in scandinavian romance and the hero of shakespeare 's tragedy , " hamlet , prince of denmark " .
