" the village is pleasantly situated in a fertile plain , and the neighbour - hood partakes of the pleasing scenery which prevails in this part of the country .
the best of the few welsh artists of the 16 - 18th centuries tended to move elsewhere to work , but in the the 18th century the dominance of landscape art in english art bought them motives to stay at home , and bought an influx of artists from outside to paint welsh scenery , which was " discovered " by artists rather earlier than later landscape hotspots like the english lake district and the scottish highlands .
other scenes show hitomi singing in the forested area without the studio equipment , along with scenes of the scenery , as well ( particularly the sunlight shining through the trees ) .
a well - known italian director from the 1950s-1980s who also provided sets and costumes to opera companies nationwide insisted that while he had the scenery and costumes for the opera , he would not touch them himself . "
the nearby waterways eel river and big walnut creek offer ample fishing and scenery .
perched on top of a hill , mirabel is renowned for its mild climate and beautiful scenery .
the scenery changes without a break to --
the scenery on the bill depicts a stormy day at ginger hill .
while some are objective - based , many are centered around relaxing and watching the scenery .
games may be played on any appropriate surface , although the standard is a 6 ft by 4 ft tabletop decorated with model scenery in scale with the miniatures .
the eight views of korea are a collection of the beautiful scenery of korea , that are known today and that have been defined in the past .
it is the design of this publication to present full descriptions and elaborate pictorial delineations of the scenery characteristic of all the different parts of our country .
in 1848 cleethorpes was described as " ... much resorted to as a bathing - place , for which it is highly eligible ; the air is pure , the scenery good and besides a few lodging - houses and smaller inns , there is a large hotel , built some years since , on an eminence embracing extensive views of the sea , the humber , and the yorkshire coast .
perumalpattu , a town about 2 km from veppampattu , is known for lush green scenery and comparatively untouched flora .
the novel is notable for its descriptions of the local scenery .
after a while he also started using ' paint blotch ' backgrounds in some comics as a substitute for actual scenery .
mekong river scenery ( ทิวทัศน์ริมฝั่งโขง )
the premiere took place on january 18 , 1979 , at the new york state theater , lincoln center with scenery and costumes by santo loquasto and lighting by jennifer tipton .
haung is set in beautiful mountain scenery including 1,800 hectares of natural forest .
props are generally distinct from the costumes worn by the actors , the scenery ( sets ) or other large objects that can be considered part of the stage .
in the foreground of panorama a flock of sheep are grazing , which creates a pastoral scenery .
the road is known for the attractive scenery ranging from open farmland to dense forest , especially as it passes through mount worth state park and tarra bulga national park .
inland is highly unremarkable for the most part , with agricultural land dominating the scenery .
later , the plan was altered to incorporate the pristine scenery of minuma and create an open space that accommodates both people and nature .
a reviewer for the " metropolitan " said , " no one with any pretensions to poetic feeling can read its delicious portraiture of rustic scenery and of a mode of life long since defunct , without the most intense delight " .
this incorporates kenwood house , the former stately home and a popular location in the summer months where classical musical concerts are held by the lake , attracting thousands of people every weekend to enjoy the music , scenery and fireworks .
another recurrent theme is lakes and sailboats , in particular his beloved lake wannsee near the berlin of his youth , with its sailing boats , children swimming , sun - seeking bathers in rich colors and the hill scenery around it .
death valley national park is visited annually by more than 770,000 visitors who come to see its diverse geologic features , desert wildlife , historic sites , scenery , and clear night skies .
vaughan williams emphasized , however , that the work had nothing to do with what he called " lambkins frisking about " ( i.e. , english pastoral scenery ) ; its reference is the fields of france during world war i , where the composer served in the royal army medical corps .
filled with a more urban style of music and scenery , " the wiz " made mills a star particularly because of her stellar performance of the song " home .
as quake 's network protocol allowed clients ( and thus the stoogebot ) to know the positions of players even when they were obscured by scenery , the stoogebot had the uncanny ability to shoot players moments after they emerged into view ( even with slow - moving weapons such as rockets ) .
thorpe considered the fire hose , but there was much scenery in the way .
also common are stage hands rushing onto the stage adding and removing props , backdrops and other scenery ; these stage hands , known as " kuroko " ( 黒子 ) , are always dressed entirely in black and are traditionally considered invisible .
it was followed by " glotta , or , the clyde " ( 1721 ) , a tribute to scottish life and scenery in which the most ordinary topics ( such as golf and swimming ) are depicted in high - flown language .
it stands 1,034 m above the sea level and creates a graceful scenery on the back of a summit lake for yangsu power generator and such historic sites as jeoksangsanseong ( jeollabuk - do regional monument no .
environmentalists vehemently opposed the cap because of its detriment to the scenery of the grand canyon .
two peoples bay boasts unspoilt coastal scenery and is a vital area for threatened animal species .
also in slat dance and treppenwitz , the performers ' costumes make them into living sculpture , as if part of the scenery .
holiday visitors frequently comment on the fine scenery and the variety of activities that eriskay offers : yet tourism has been slow to develop .
b&o also went so far as to add floodlights on the roofs of its dome cars to illuminate the scenery during nighttime travel .
baise is blessed with beautiful natural scenery .
the helicopter , which had been filming scenery for a promotional film about the city , crashed down on the pavement about five meters from the side entrance .
” gerstein chose the second option and followed the circle of the painter avraham ofek , supporting a lyric realist style that was concerned with the local scenery and the local atmosphere .
the hand - colored lithographs of scenery and ethnography are notable as historical records of that period .
the area is well known for its scenery , sunsets , peculiarly - shaped granite peaks , huangshan pine trees , and views of the clouds from above .
many blamed director franco zeffirelli for burying the music under heavy costumes and huge scenery .
the region gets a high number of tourists every year for its beautiful scenery .
graphic equalizers appear on the race course and in the surrounding scenery , displaying waveforms for the currently playing audio track .
thomas pringle ( january 5 , 1789 – december 5 , 1834 ) was a scottish writer , poet and abolitionist , known as the father of south african poetry , being the first successful english language poet and author to describe south africa 's scenery , native peoples , and living conditions .
most of the routes are back roads with beautiful scenery and little traffic .
the mountains are rugged and difficult ; but there is much of the world - famous beauty of scenery , and of the almost phenomenal agricultural wealth of the valleys of bukhara and ferghana to be found in the recesses of badakhshan .
be held on this day football match between incubators and their guests and then the procession , i was ready and went to the countryside to walk and take pictures and videos , it was beautiful there was beautiful scenery , it was good to breathe the fresh air and mashed pollution , was heard the wild notes of the trill , i rested for a while listening to my ipod and half days to return the people had to go to q procession went with my sister we met many friends after many years , chatted happily until q the procession began my dear " platonic love " appeared on the scene .
ruidoso is a rapidly growing resort community due to the region 's alpine scenery , ruidoso downs racetrack , and slopes of ski apache , the mescalero apache indian - owned ski resort on the mountain sierra blanca .
a lot of fantastic scenery and buildings were produced by reg hill , his carpenter bill james and an assistant , bob bell .
through garner valley , the scenery is among the finest in california .
it was magnificently staged with paul - dressed as lohengrin wearing a silver shining armor - drawn over the lake by an artificial swan and the whole scenery was illuminated by electric light .
it was also used as a rehearsal space and scenery storage facility .
tourism focusing on geology is scarce if considering that the natural scenery that attracts many tourist to different locations in chile is product of geological processes .
dover island has a combination of quality bouldering problems and breathtaking scenery .
scenery for scale model displays and dioramas and games such as warhammer , warhammer 40,000 , lord of the rings strategy battle game and void , is often produced by hobbyists from foamcore .
from pontsticill to brecon is about of remote scenery crossing the brecon beacons mountains - partly pretty forest tracks and partly wide open , expansive moorland .
jointly , they began to use the pejorative article as a platform to market the area for visitors interested in desert scenery , history , and solitude .
gauguin is here and now the estonian painter toomas altnurme , who carried out the world of exotic scenery , and not as a tourist .
anybody can create their own airport , scenery package or just place a few model objects wherever they want .
strathdon attracts visitors for salmon and trout fishing as well as its castles and scenery .
the scenery was made by tuomas and tero kinnunen , but antti made some changes .
however , in contrast to the more populous areas of the state , presidio county offered clean air , rugged scenery , and historic sites .
a charge artist ( or charge scenic artist ) leads and oversees the painting of stage , film or television scenery .
the scenery along this route is really worth watching .
accompanied by a flight of songbirds , the shining engine floats above the scenery , the cartoon creatures below celebrating its arrival .
noted for its beautiful scenery and wide - angle shots , the 45-minute movie was filmed in various settings in africa .
theatrical scenery .
the duke 's company had already been using moveable scenery to good effect in their previous playhouses .
colorado is prominent for its scenery of mountains , plains , rivers , and a western area of desert .
blowing rock is currently the home of numerous artists of all types , many of whom use the local scenery for their work .
being the highest mountain pass of pakistan , the views from the top of pass are unforgettable , by the views of many famous climbers from around the world , it offers the best mountain scenery anywhere in the world .
" audiosurf " synchronizes the environment , traffic patterns and scenery with the events in the current song .
" noen 1255 viewpoint ( จุดชมวิวเนิน 1255 ) " is a short - distant viewpoint where the scenery of ban huai nam phak below , as well as , phu soi dao and phu wiang in the lao people ’s democratic republic can be witnessed .
" the school was designed with three administrative " houses " - mountain , bay and sky - which have views of mount baker , bellingham bay and open scenery , respectively .
tourists can climb up the on to an open landing to local scenery : the , baltimore harbour , fields with cows and the .
terry 's daughter edith craig became a theatre director , producer , costume designer and early pioneer of the women 's suffrage movement in england ; her son , edward gordon craig , became an actor , scenery and effects designer , illustrator and director and founded the gordon craig school for the art of the theatre in florence , italy , in 1913 ; and her grandnephew was the actor sir john gielgud .
he had counted as a friend e.g. sammy miller , john surtees , walter zeller , luigi taveri , hans haldemann , schorsch meier and many other of the motor race scenery .
as the cartoon returns to the regular desert scenery , wile gingerly drops a bunch of mousetraps onto the road , but when the road runner zooms past , instead of getting trapped in them , the traps drop onto wile in his trench hideout .
" hopalong casualty " introduced a change in the scenery as designed by maurice noble .
saint lucia tends to be popular due to its tropical weather and scenery and for its large number of beaches and resorts .
the scheduled shoot of the " gallimimus " chase was moved to kualoa ranch on the island of oahu and one of the beginning scenes had to be created by digital animating a still shot of scenery .
" west side story suite " is a ballet made by new york city ballet balletmaster jerome robbins to the 1957 music by leonard bernstein and lyrics of stephen sondheim and extracted from the eponymous musical which he had choreographed , with scenery by oliver smith , costumes by irene sharaff and lighting by jennifer tipton .
it should provide , after the fashion that stage scenery provides — illusion rather than reality . "
extracurricular activities include , sports such as basketball , football , soccer , handball , and volleyball , chorus , drama club , early act club , fitness club , math club ( one for each class level ) , newspaper club , reading and writing club , scenery club , world language club , and yearbook club .
" george " leaves the scenery without a word and as jenny returns into the clinic george 's bike lies in the hallway and water with blood is shown running out under a nearby door .
the national parks act 1980 provides for the establishment of national parks or reserves in areas where the scenery is of such distinctive quality , or the natural features or ecological systems so important scientifically that their preservation is in the national interest .
however , this scenery is quickly changing as in the last decades industries have been moving out of são paulo for it has become increasingly expensive .
“ the scenery of the surroundings of hu zhou , zhe - jiang , is picturesque , and it demonstrates a very desirable aura , which explains the phenomenon where the area is the origin to a great number of talents .
these include lighting & sound , stage management , costume and scenery & props .
the breathtaking contrasts of steep mountainsides , winding roads , and waterfalls are characteristic of western norway ’s exceptional scenery .
rosseau is a tourist area , with many people visiting in the summer months to enjoy the scenery , shop for arts and crafts , or stop at the historic buildings .
over the past decade , she has introduced different styles to the ever expanding , turkish pop music scenery .
to reduce the memory impact of the large animated graphics , the programmers blew up single graphic cells to create all the sprites and foreground scenery in the game , effectively reducing the resolution of the graphics but compressing them in memory and so increasing the amount of space available for game content .
bruce willis and sharon stone chew the scenery , while justin timberlake gives a noteworthy performance .
adolphus cimabue grigg , an english tourist and amateur photographer , enters in search of pretty scenery , but he is lost and finds the travelling with his photographic gear difficult .
the island has a few other names : " garden of the gulf " referring to the pastoral scenery and lush agricultural lands throughout the province ; and " birthplace of confederation " , referring to the charlottetown conference in 1864 .
( magical towns ) due to the quality of the silverwork , the colonial constructions and the surrounding scenery .
the main character walked through the audience toward the stage , acting drunk and shouting sexist comments before he proceeded to tear down ( i.e. , deconstruct ) the scenery .
here the ground was fertile , but the scenery did not meet the criteria for judson 's " ideal home " .
there are two pagodas in yinchuan that are part of the ' eight famous scenery of ningxia ' : one is the haibao pagoda in the northern suburb and the other is the chengtiansi pagoda in the west .
awesome scenery surrounds langevåg : mountains ( sulafjellet , 796 m ) , forest , lakes and of course ( as it is situated on an island ) a beautiful coastline .
in most of her movies , she was a backdrop , part of the scenery .
the tavern had a shadow theatre in its basement and miguel also created the scenery , ombres , and stage settings for the productions .
the wynne prize is awarded for " the best landscape painting of australian scenery in oils or watercolours or for the best example of figure sculpture by australian artists completed during the 12 months preceding the [ closing ] date " .
because of the scenery of the hope and derwent valleys , literary connections , and easy access by train or road from sheffield and manchester , hathersage is a popular tourist destination .
over the years , denver has acquired , built and maintained approximately 14,000 acres ( 56 km² ) of mountain parks , including red rocks park , which is known for its scenery and musical history revolving around the unique red rocks amphitheatre .
his son thomas lefroy explained that this was a " household word in our family circle for the great admiration he had for the scenery of the county wicklow where for many years he spent his summer vacations " .
sheer sandstone cliffs standing hundreds of metres above the river make for spectacular scenery and can be viewed extensively from the blackheath area , where there are a number of accessible lookouts , the best known being govetts leap .
some types of scenery add - ons replace or add structures to the simulator .
in terms of tourism , the presence of such historical monuments as stirling castle , the national wallace monument and other nearby attractions like blair drummond safari park , the key role which stirling has played in scottish history , as well as the scenery of the area , has bolstered stirling 's position as an important tourist destination in scotland .
" the lands are in meadow and pasture , with a small portion of arable ; the scenery is bold and romantic .
from the 1840s , some writers experimented with a norwegianised danish by incorporating words that were descriptive of norwegian scenery and folk life , and adopting a more norwegian syntax .
the simplest explanation for the absence of any street scenes in this drawing is that the academy had not yet obtained the land on which the scenery would later be built .
michael costello of " allmovie " has described her performance as " uneven " and has also stated , " her unique lady macbeth is either an exhibition of rank scenery - chewing or a performance of intriguingly kabuki - like stylization . "
this poor curate sets off on his straggly mare grizzle in a quest for picturesque scenery , often ( and usually to his discomfort ) oblivious to the realities of the world around him .
the bus contains no passengers , and there is no scenery or other traffic on the road .
such similarities allow us to provide high quality scenery elements for architectural models .
sicily 's sunny , dry climate , scenery , cuisine , history , and architecture attract many tourists from mainland italy and abroad .
is characterized greatly by the setting of a story ; being a genre of writing that has been typified as going where other writings wo n't go , namely dark and depressing areas , it makes sense that this story of repetition is dark and depressing in its scenery .
there is just enough room for the road , and the steep , soaring slopes of both mountains are some of the catskills ' most striking scenery , with landslides and rocky cliffs visible .
he designed scenery , lighting , and costumes for nearly 100 broadway productions .
the more notable features along the highway exist in the pastoral scenery , and the surprising appearance of lakes amongst the rolling hills .
in addition to the whitewater , the scenery is beautiful .
chamoli proved itself " the most spectacular in its natural assets ; be it maintain scenery , valley aspects , water - edges , floristic varieties , dramatic landform or the climatic cardinalities " .
the scenery was executed by prince a. schervashidze , the costumes under the direction of mme .
mini - mo modules have to be used in conjunction with traditional free - mo modules , as they are not stable on their own , and offer little space for scenery .
further west is the rest of the wild argyll scenery and marks the first real sense of isolation and wilderness after arriving in the highlands at loch lomomd .
although the sauratown mountains occupy only 5% of stokes county , they dominate the scenery from almost any direction , abruptly rising from 800 to above the surrounding terrain .
the ozark and ouachita mountains also offer great scenery and have mountain springs and recreation parks in abundance .
due to the intimacy it offers with the tracks and the passing amtrak and metro - north trains , as well as the striking scenery , it is a popular place for railfans to practice their hobby .
there are tourism resources such as cultural historic sites constructed during the tang dynasty , former residences of famous figures , natural scenery of all kinds , and unique hakka cultural sights .
the park features tranquility , shore scenery , and fishing .
the festival draws many tourists to the area to take in a number of festival events & local culture , while also enjoying the beautiful scenery of the valley with apple orchards in full bloom .
in the summer , two long scenery lifts are working in koli .
the natural scenery , natural resources , and vast areas of farm and grasslands offer a good base for future economic development .
in running the d'oyly carte opera company she took steps to keep the productions fresh , engaging designers to redesign the costumes and scenery .
outdoor activities and scenery seem to be the primary attractions .
the ending of " summerland " has the band entering a realm of static nature scenery that mirrors the album cover artwork .
the park won the good design award in 2002 , 11th sapporo urban scenery award in 2003 , and hokkaidō red brick architectural award in 2004 .
another reviewer , " the washington post 's " rita kempley , recognized the heavy drama , writing that the film " sets new standards when it comes to pent - up passion " , but commented positively on the " spectacular scenery " .
he became involved with the first performance of the mystery plays , building scenery and acting as a stage hand .
the main attraction at the canada pavilion is " o canada ! " , a circle - vision 360° movie of canada 's cities and scenery .
the route is in the beautiful adirondack park region , linking unique history to breathtaking scenery .
dutton had a distinctive flair for literary description , and is best remembered today for his colorful ( and sometimes flamboyant ) descriptions of the geology and scenery of the grand canyon region of arizona . "
his works of " scenery of snow and creek " and " jinan ’s fusheng portrait " are both realistic in their representation of the subjects .
he produced the scenery and costumes for the royal opera house 's 1968 production of igor stravinsky 's " apollo " .
many features of kunming lake are inspired by natural scenery form the region south of the yangtze river .
systematic attempts to evolve a system of perspective are usually considered to have begun around the 5th century b.c. in the art of ancient greece , as part of a developing interest in illusionism called skenographia , allied to theatrical scenery ; using flat panels on a stage to give the illusion of depth .
shaffer 's screenplay made much use of camera movements and scenery that could only be suggested on - stage , as did morgan with " frost / nixon " .
the object of the game is to shoot all other enemies that appear on screen and avoid crashing into bullets , enemies or foreground scenery .
" verfremdungseffekt " is achieved through the use of placards which reveal the events of each scene , juxtaposition , actors changing characters and costume on stage , the use of narration , simple props and scenery .
as he further developed his particular style , quiroga evolved into realistic portraits ( often anguished and desperate ) of the wild nature around him in misiones : the jungle , the river , wildlife , climate and terrain , make up the scaffolding and scenery in which his characters move , suffer and often die .
mclaughlin meanwhile decided he needed a change of scenery , and announced he was leaving the team for innovative motorsports , to the shock of the nascar community .
this did not come to fruition , but as a student , he also worked as a painter of theatrical scenery .
after a series of test transmissions and special broadcasts that began in august , regular bbc television broadcasts officially resumed on 1 october 1936 , from a converted wing of alexandra palace in london , housing two studios , various scenery stores , make - up areas , dressing rooms , offices , and even the transmitter itself , now broadcasting on the vhf band .
he learnt lithography and produced " sketches of scenery in perthshire " which was published as an album of views .
the stage is provided with a fly loft , fly balconies , a scenery workshop and ten dressing rooms .
alhama looks out over some of spain 's most spectacular scenery .
beuron with its beuron archabby lies in the middle of the attractive scenery of the nature reserve .
in 1982 , a non - musical adaptation of " lolita " by edward albee opened to memorably negative reviews , and many critics specifically pointed out ways in which this version was lacking when compared to the earlier musical ; rich contended that albee 's version had a hideous set , pointing out that even the " flop musical version ... got the scenery right . "
irish destiny contains the highest elements of art , action , scenery and photography .
on the hour - long tv drama shows of the golden age of television , such as " the united states steel hour " , " the philco television playhouse " and " studio one " , productions often were telecast from studios with limited scenery and other constraints similar to theatrical presentations .
in 1981 , this ancient city was listed by the state council , the prc government , as one of four cities ( the other three being beijing , hangzhou and guilin ) where the protection of historical and cultural heritage as well as natural scenery should ideally be treated with utmost care .
he created the scenery for many drama , opera and ballet performances .
the most obvious effects are the spectacular mountain scenery and other continental landscapes fashioned both by glacial erosion and deposition instead of running water .
part of it is the famous tongariro alpine crossing , a day 's march that incorporates the northern circuit 's most stunning scenery .
the soldier walks straight into the scenery , with a perspective similar to " cabal " or the " 3d view " stages of " contra " .
two statues have been added to the campus scenery - one of kuang chi , a replica of one found in xujiahui in shanghai , and a larger - than - life sculpture of st ignatius of loyola , reminiscent of that in santa clara university .
alswang 's first major design work was the scenery for the 1942 production of " comes the revelation " at jolson 's 59th street theatre .
the film opens up to a montage of scenery and landscapes .
this layout was 27 by 55 feet in size , and was of a double - track folded dogbone design , built with traditional square tabletop framing , plaster scenery , and relay control .
he praises the black - and - white engravings of the illustrators for their tact and their illumination of settings , but criticizes elaborate modern stage scenery that overwhelms the actor 's art .
the final portion deals with the general scenery of war and the effect of warfare .
the pine valley mountains add to the area 's beautiful red rock scenery .
it was n't long before a number of refineries were up and running , with over 350 oil derricks , tank farms , and sprawling industrial complexes becoming a familiar part of the scenery .
westcott made many innovative contributions to nearly every aspect of the hobby , and was creative and forward thinking in layout planning , modeling of equipment , scenery techniques , and electronics and control systems .
a book about the west country with photographer kim sayer , " part of the scenery " , was published in 2001 .
ottringham boasts two local public houses and a service garage , some lovely rural scenery and just off a main bus route .
this drama premiered in the city of madrid , in spain with costumes and scenery by alejandro rangel hidalgo .
nova scotia is known for its lovely scenery ; most renowned is the cape breton highlands .
the highway is known for its pristine scenery and grand vistas .
it is surrounded by picturesque scenery and is well known for bauxite and coal mines .
filmed on location in south america , the river and jungle scenery dominate the characters , who are over - dressed for the heat in their old world clothes and armour .
it has been designated as an area of outstanding natural beauty for its moorland scenery , the product of centuries of farming and leadmining .
the scenery and music are done in a different style , and there is a separate room for north america , with dolls representing canada and the united states .
after the english restoration , shakespeare 's plays were performed in playhouses , with elaborate scenery , and staged with music , dancing , thunder , lightning , wave machines , and fireworks .
jdc is developing a sea port at seogwipo designed to become an international marine tourism attraction by utilizing the appeal of the surrounding natural scenery
silent valley rain forests and the attappadi high range add grandeur to the scenery .
a farming town world famous for its beautiful scenery .
the minimalist format , with little or no scenery and few props , sketches without any real purpose or punch line , and mixing live action and short animations directly influenced the format of monty python 's flying circus .
the album was released in january 2002 , preceded by a single , " star guitar " , a melodic , balearic beat number , with a promotional video by michel gondry that featured passing scenery synchronized to the beat viewed through a train window .
already the egyptian book of the dead mentions sycomores as part of the scenery where the soul of the deceased finds blissful repose ( gollwitzer p. 13 ) .
the father , charles , also a notable artist , taught each child to paint scenery and portraiture , and rembrandt was no exception .
the park features typical outback scenery of flat , reddish - brown landscapes .
the lake offers sailing , fishing , various sports and beautiful scenery for walking .
following the design of recent exhibits such as the islands of southeast asia , the african savannah will attempt to merge habitats and scenery to make visitors feel as if they are on the plains .
because of the surrounding scenery , and its status as " the station which you can never leave , " umi - shibaura has been featured in several books and television programs and has gained some popularity as a day - trip destination .
a native of pasadena , california , hopkins got his start designing scenery on stage after studying design in college .
it furnished a lot of the scenery and a lot of the people . "
it is a state and locally managed river featuring native trout fishing and rugged mountain scenery in the context of a historical mill town settlement .
uzungöl is famous for the natural beauty of the area and the amazing scenery .
houseboating is appealing due to the ability to more completely explore the local scenery , remain in close proximity to other outdoor activities ( hiking , boating , beaches , etc . ) , and finally , retain the potential to move the living quarters for a change of view or neighbors , on a whim .
in 1999 , he designed scenery and costumes for boston ballet 's production of " firebird " , also choreographed by mr. wheeldon .
eero järnefelt painted together with a.w. finch and ilmari aalto a large scenery about koli in 1911 .
the last episode ended on a rather sour note ( after everett had locked horns with thames management over his show and its scheduling ) with everett giving a restrained farewell speech as the set and scenery was being stripped down by the crew .
the highest point is mount scenery , 877 metres ( 2,828 ft ) , on saba ( also the highest point in all the kingdom of the netherlands ) .
in many productions , set pieces are flown in and out so as to quickly change the scenery during the course of a performance .
towards the west , both reclining alligator island and the oceanic scenery of cingshueiao are in a full view .
geoffrey yarlott points out that the narrator 's description of his scenery and condition " presents a clearer picture of what rapport with nature means than do the majority of [ coleridge 's ] formal theistic passages .
a quick 15 minute flight from honiara 's international airport takes you across some of the most picturesque scenery of tropical islands and coral reefs , before landing at anuha 's own airstrip .
south of rugby , the canal passes through rural scenery and doubles back on itself for several miles until it heads southwards again passing for a short distance into northamptonshire towards braunston .
the main theatre has a capacity of 68 seats , and the theatre has it own workshops to build sets and scenery items as well as furniture , props and costume storage facilities .
the 138 acre campus covered with a verdant reserve of forest makes a serene environment and a picturesque scenery .
typical of the rugged scenery of kolovesi , formed by the ice age , are craggy cliffs rising from the water .
the principal aim of the walk was to encourage other like - minded people to appreciate the scenery of the island .
the first bayreuth production of " meistersinger " following world war ii occurred in 1956 , when wieland wagner , the composer 's grandson , attempted to distance the work from german nationalism by presenting it in almost abstract terms , by removing any reference to nuremberg from the scenery .
the area is renowned for its rivers , the lake trout and otters indigenous to the county , and dramatic natural scenery .
the masque saw jones 's introduction of two techniques of scenery construction to english stagecraft .
often this area is decorated with special scenery and lighting to match the mood of the singer and the song .
while the urban area of eastern cape breton county influenced by the coal and steel industries came to be referred to as " industrial cape breton " , many rural communities in the rest of cape breton island have been relatively stable economically , largely due to the mix of fishing , forestry , small - scale agriculture , and a growing tourism industry as a result of the spectacular scenery found throughout the island .
the best of the few welsh artists of the 16 - 18th centuries tended to move elsewhere to work , but in the 18th century the dominance of landscape art in english art bought them motives to stay at home , and bought an influx of artists from outside to paint welsh scenery .
these performances combine themes to which young listeners can easily relate with music , multimedia , guest artists , scenery , and animation .
he worked mainly in munich , and was among the first designers to use built scenery instead of painted flats .
in góngora 's description of the scenery and the characters of the polifemo , the descriptions themselves become the focus and take on an existence of their own .
the course 's scenery was described by " the guardian " as " visually sumptuous " .
the region is known for its sports and outdoors activities and also its largely arid , sunny climate and " wild west " scenery and culture .
there is also an improved fluidity through the use of non - linear interpolation , digital compositing , and the introduction of computer generated " virtual " scenery .
adams grew up in texas and attended the university of texas where he received a b.f.a. in scenery design , then attended the california institute for the arts where he received a master 's degree , also in scenic design .
this is due both to the mountain scenery and to the numerous landmarks in the region .
it is known for its striking scenery and for the pungsan dog , a large breed of hunting dog .
the academy 's petition to the city government for the additional land anticipated that if acquired , the space would be used to create perspective scenery ; it explains that the extra land would be used to build a theatre " along the lines laid out by our colleague palladio , who has designed it to permit perspective views . "
he also painted portraits , religious subjects , still life , and local scenery .
on both sides are fertile forest - lands with sheer cliffs providing beautiful natural scenery .
in 1865 geikie 's " scenery of scotland " ( 3rd edition , 1901 ) was published , which was , he claimed , the first attempt to elucidate in some detail the history of the topography of a country .
benger 's use of boy actors from ' the children of st. pauls ' , realistic three - dimensional scenery , and stage effects , were to define the courtly entertainments of elizabeth 's reign and set the standard required from the noble lords the queen visited on her regular summer progressions .
ernest was a watercolour artist with a specific interest in scottish scenery who often told his children stories , possibly sparking katharine 's life - long interest in them .
located on a 4,877 m2 site near tung chung , the buddhist youth camp enables youth and families to share and experience life in a peaceful and natural environment amongst beautiful scenery .
in recent years , however , the situation has begun to change as more people become aware of the park 's abundant wildlife , beautiful scenery , and thirty miles of trails .
bells were also added for good measure to complete the winter scenery .
he attended his uncle william gilpin 's school at cheam in surrey and in the 1780s taught himself the relatively new aquatint process of etching in order to produce plates to illustrate his uncle 's books on picturesque scenery .
the city of scottsdale has even found a way to beautify their scenery to commuters and tourists traveling down pima freeway .
the landscape of italy , in particular the alps , is a pervading focus of the book , with its often lush descriptions of scenery conveying the thoughts and moods of characters .
he appears on the faraway island and calls for the animator give him a close - up , but the animator mocks him , first by reducing the scenery frame while keeping daffy at background distance , and then an extreme camera zoom that leaves only daffy 's bloodshot eyes visible on - screen .
following the car as it negotiates the turns at high speed , the scenery is cut off when the car enters the darkness of a tunnel and subsequently explodes .
in the game driver 2 , the player is able to drive around meigs field . while the airfield is filled with aircraft , they are only part of the scenery and the player is unable to enter them .
striking for its romantic setting of loch and mountains , the castle is one of the icons of romantic scottish scenery , endlessly reproduced on calendars , postcards , etc .
some of the huorns , particularly in angmar , are so motionless and tree - like as to resemble harmless scenery on higher graphics settings , a danger for the unwary player .
while he was english major at brown university , he also directed , wrote , acted and drew posters and scenery for college productions .
successful in this inquiry and having received the necessary instructions for reaching his intended destination , mengmei enjoyed what variable lengths of scenery stood before him , and upon further introspection , he had taken the initiative to open a small rosewood box that sat among a pile of boulders .
the area around huagou in the wumeng mountains , has become famous through photographers who discovered the unique local landscape and its " red earth " scenery in the 1990s .
