the cathedral 's choral scholarships are available to students above or of eighteen years of age who are in full - time tertiary education in the nottingham area .
the foundation awards more than $ 250,000 in scholarships , grants and humanitarian efforts annually to worthy recipients around the world .
the institute offers residential research scholarships in the humanities and social sciences to academic scholars and specialists from government , the media , and the private sector .
daiwa scholarships .
in 1922 , under the supervision of professor t. h. laby , he completed a master 's degree in science obtaining first class honours and both the dixson and kernot scholarships .
honda has donated more than $ 2 million in grants and scholarships to the universities over the course of the program .
six scholarships and grants , each worth more than hkd300,000 per year " ( or up to hkd1,200,000 per grant ) " , are awarded to suitable wah yan students for overseas undergraduate studies every year .
sanders later used his shares to create the colonel harland sanders trust and colonel harland sanders charitable organization , which used the proceeds to aid charities and fund scholarships .
both the chapter and national organization raised funds in the 1920s and 1930s for scholarships , and contributed to the naacp and urban league .
there are many students graduated from esli , all the students enter to universities with high marks , even some of them acquired scholarships and exemption that remit university credit points of the first year ’s course .
it also funds clinical training scholarships in various areas including surgery and anaesthesia .
gravel asserted that the money spent on the war in iraq could have built 4 million houses thus helping victims of hurricane katrina , or financed 21 million four - year college scholarships , or hired 7.6 million new teachers .
she was a member of the mesa desert club , which provides scholarships to qualified needy high school graduates , and was also a past member of the phoenix junior league .
on national signing day , february 5 , 2003 , the hawkeyes signed 22 players on football scholarships . ref name="itaprofile " >
edge grove pupils have been awarded 47 scholarships to senior schools over the last three years including eton , harrow , haileybury , sevenoaks and cheltenham ladies college .
queen christina was generous to the university , gave scholarships to swedish students to study abroad and recruited foreign scholars to uppsala chairs , among them several from the university of strassburg , notably the philologist johannes schefferus ( professor skytteanus ) , whose little library and museum building at " s : t eriks torg " now belongs to the royal society of sciences in uppsala .
reamon assisted brooks with his transition to the university of virginia , and later , each of the vick brothers at virginia tech , where each they received full scholarships .
this subsidy has declined since the 2001 abolition by the labour government of state - funded scholarships ( formerly known as " assisted places " ) to independent schools .
1989 50th anniversary of the scholarships , publication of commemoration book and staged a grand exhibition in the no .
the association on american indian affairs offers various scholarships and helps nearly 100 students per year pursue graduate and undergraduate studies .
this legacy originally provided for scholarships for the british colonies , the united states , and germany .
the aim of sst was to set up boarding schools that would provide quality education to students from all over pakistan and at the same time allow underprivileged deserving students to participate through a program of scholarships .
the college had a master , nine secular chaplains and three choral scholarships for boys .
students at c. w. jefferys consistently rank among the top winners in mathematics and science competitions , and each year , many of them are recipients of numerous bursaries and entrance scholarships to some of the province 's top colleges and universities .
in his three years as education minister , he abolished restrictions on students ' hair length , enabled the establishment of private colleges , established a college of physical education , increased scholarships for graduate students , and established the university publications committee .
as an honor undergraduate , he won a fellowship to the university of chicago and scholarships to harvard and yale universities .
in addition , in an effort to support clients desires to enable their children 's education , friendship bridge offers scholarships and school supplies to thousands of children , and operates a children 's learning center in the remote village of nebaj .
according to the testimonies of bogisic ’s parisian friends , bogisic seriously considered establishing a foundation in belgrade which would , after his death , take care of his legacy especially the scientific library and archive , and give scholarships to prosperous young lawyers for studying abroad .
the bill allows for non - citizens access to scholarships and federal funding .
scholarships are also available to active members on a yearly basis .
delta state university in cleveland , mississippi has several art scholarships in his memory and has many of house 's works on display .
they are sub - par with sports in general but have had winning seasons in baseball and football with many student athletes being offered ncaa division i scholarships .
however scholarships and other benefits are offered today .
however , copies of the film can be purchased from the uncommon friends foundation , a nonprofit organization founded by james d. newton that provides educational scholarships to business students .
the organization offers scholarships to some attendees .
scholarships and talent competitions evoked even closer scrutiny of contestants’ morals and backgrounds .
“ founder scholarships for teachers 2008 ” was presented in peking university .
its annual revenue reached $ 9 million and for the first time it granted scholarships for students .
two scholarships were set up in laughery 's name : the jack laughery scholarship fund through the national restaurant association educational foundation in chicago and the helen and jack laughery honorary scholarship endowment at nash community college in rocky mount , north carolina .
each year , approximately 40 graduates of lake county high schools receive daly scholarships .
in addition , his charitable trust provides support to the london symphony orchestra , the london sinfonietta , the rambert dance company , and provides scholarships for students to study at the royal college of music of which he is a fellow ( frcm ) and past council chairman .
all wa graduates continue their studies at stateside or local universities , many with full scholarships
first citizens’ provides annual college scholarships throughout the areas they serve each year .
later she received scholarships to study scenic arts in italy and attended acting classes in the actors studio of new york .
in 2005 , the afl went on a sydney - centric recruitment drive , offering a nsw scholarships program and young apprentice scheme .
many schools also use the ce exam as the basis for awarding entrance scholarships and bursaries , but often also apply their own further interviews , tests , or examinations .
these scholarships are usually offered to divers with age - group or club diving experience .
it has additional responsibility for planning and administration of scholarships provided by the government of singapore .
she won several convention scholarships and dance titles such as most outstanding jr. dancer , the face of an angel , and most likely to become a star .
in honour of his work in this field , the graduate studies in strategy and defence program ( based in the sdsc ) offers up to three " t.b. millar scholarships " each year to outstanding students .
aside from the philanthropies mentioned above , pi delta psi nationally awards two scholarships per year for outstanding members .
the sms ( women ) is one of the most prestigious scholarships that are offered to young women in singapore .
he also announced 500 new scholarships for students in pakistan to study in australia .
the group awards scholarships to graduates from each of the knox county high schools , and presents a " long knife " award to individuals who help promote the history of knox county .
it admits and grants scholarships to students who are gifted in science and mathematics .
after the performances , scholarships are handed out to deserving recipients .
scholarships available through the american indian college fund ( aicf )
since 1985 the foundation through its education program has awarded more than $ 32-million in scholarships and bursaries to more than 8,400 first nations , inuit and métis students nationwide .
yet he received no awards or scholarships .
the winners in the competition won prizes and scholarships worth over rs . 6 lakh collectively .
a few scholarships are available for exceptional candidates who get selected for various programs at iiit - b .
the school also offers academic & music scholarships and means - tested bursaries at 11 + .
a list of over 60 scholarships and grants available for dc3 students can be found at and the college .
although those currently participating in " r - dance " need their own funding the movement is working towards creating grants and scholarships for those less fortunate .
some of its sought - after scholarships are renewable for periods up to four years , providing students with the opportunity to conduct most or all of their phd research in athens .
tara offers scholarships and bursaries that provide full or part remission of tuition fees .
sop assists students interested in applying for scholarships .
furthermore , forty four meritorious students of all the 9 institutes under the university of dhaka are also provided with similar scholarships and job training by mutual trust bank ltd and duaa jointly .
advancement of film & television productions , raising of professional standards of film making and television production , creating awareness of the rights and responsibilities of film and television , constant review of professional codes and ethics set by the professional and regulatory bodies for film makers and television producers , emphasizing the need for raising the standards of film and television training , arranging scholarships , awards and organising travel for purpose of research in the field of film & television production , facilitating attachment to film and television production houses for the purpose of research , conducting short term and long term training courses on media research , establishing databank and clearing - house of information on film & television , organising debates , seminars , symposia and workshop on various subjects relating to film and television .
a variable amount ( minimum $ 300 ) of additional funds are allocated for in - house chapter cash scholarships .
in the past decade , duke has had the sixth highest number of fulbright , rhodes , truman , and goldwater scholarships in the nation among private universities .
cardinal medeiros scholarships .
in 1819 he sent his first works ( " reposing venus " , " portrait of csokonai " , " shepherdess or the beginning of fine crafts " ) to hungary and they brought him several scholarships and , as a result , he became canova 's pupil for two years .
in just three years , room to read has established 300 school libraries , built 25 schools , donated more than 140,000 books , set up 11 computer rooms , and awarded 100 scholarships to fund the education of young girls .
in its history , bayside yankee players have earned scholarships to universities such as the university of miami , clemson university , vanderbilt university , st. john 's university , duke university , wake forest university , university of north carolina , university of arizona , georgia tech , university of notre dame , oklahoma state , florida state , virginia tech , tulane university and top junior colleges .
since its founding , over 1,200 individuals have received scholarships .
uncf also administers over 450 named scholarships .
scholarships .
the engineering school at the university of sydney is known as the ' peter nicol russell school of engineering ' , and there are three peter nicol russell scholarships for mechanical engineering , and a medal for research work .
freeships and scholarships are available to students on a need - cum - merit basis .
reforms of oxford university after two royal commissions in the latter half of the 19th century led to removal of many of the restrictions placed on the college 's fellowships and scholarships , such that the college ceased to be predominantly full of welsh students and academics .
the young artists foundation of the philippines provided him a grant to pursue scholarships for piano studies abroad , first at the chetham ’s school of music in manchester , england , and at the manhattan school of music in new york where he was a pupil of the eminent piano pedagogue solomon mikowsky .
inman graduated from stanford with distinction ( phi beta kappa ) in 1952 , and was awarded back - to - back fulbright scholarships in german literature in graz , austria .
he has since served on the board of governors of drake university and endowed the opperman scholars program which provides scholarships to 5 incoming 1ls each year .
he continued working in the uk as assistant welfare and scholarships officer at the colonial office in london for a while then returned back to ghana .
financial concerns forced him to decline scholarships to harvard and yale universities ; he instead enrolled at whittier college , a local quaker school , where he co - founded a fraternity known as the orthogonian society .
the society ’s scholarship program , established in 1953 , awards scholarships to bright and deserving students from the new york city area attending new england educational institutions .
scholarships are available to students who need financial assistance .
among the emmaus high school class of 2007 , 26 emmaus high school athletes signed letters of intent for full ncaa athletic scholarships .
the technological and scientific development national council ( cnpq ) and the coordination for the improvement of higher education personnel ( capes ) support most of these courses , offering scholarships and research grants .
as the largest supporter of high school level foreign language education in the toledo area , the german - american society uses festival revenue to support a wide variety of scholarships recognizing young german scholars who have shown great enthusiasm and dedication in studying the german language and culture . " beer - lots of german and domestic beer ! " 2007 was the first year the gaf had " park and ride " bus service available at various locations around toledo .
eligible students must apply for the scholarships and students are chosen through a selective process by the board of directors upon recommendation from school faculty and administration .
the musical side of life at knighton is also strong , with music scholarships to senior schools won regularly .
afa is dedicated to ensuring america 's aerospace excellence through education , scholarships , grants , awards and public awareness programs .
100% of the funds raised by big shoulders are given to its schools to support a variety of educational mediums , including scholarships , special education programming , instructional equipment , facility improvements , faculty development , and operating grants .
this is particularly the case with education and nursing scholarships for people prepared to work in rural and remote areas .
in this position , he became a patron of numerous institutions across the globe that sought to provide welfare , and also provided scholarships to theological students from across the muslim world .
the bctia takes an active role in developing local talent and recruiting skilled technology workers through a number of initiatives , including awarding scholarships to bc students who plan to make their careers in science and technology , and offering foreign recruitment workshops and other programs to help fill the 10,000 bc job openings in technology and related fields projected for 2008 alone .
payouts and scholarships begin when the fund has reached a pre - determined level for a full calendar year .
the constitution guaranteed free and compulsory education at all levels , a system of state scholarships and vocational training in state enterprises .
it has an office in new york city , united states , and holds workshops , showcases , and provides scholarships to promising artists to help develop new songwriting talent .
for students in three cities , the alliance will award 50 scholarships for up to $ 42,500 each for students pursuing science , technology , engineering and math ( stem fields ) college degrees .
it is this accent on youth development that has seen four players gain football scholarships to universities in america .
he had applied to other schools who had rejected him on the basis of race , but cooper union administered its scholarships in a blind test : “
the team was added due to the ncaa 's title ix and allows for 20 full scholarships .
johnson turned down many football scholarships to pursue his dream of baseball .
the student program is carried out in partnership with the university of hawaii and other universities in hawaii and the continental u.s. scholarships are awarded annually in an international competition .
several students have gone on to win scholarships as well as be drafted in the western hockey league .
through that organization she has spearheaded education and mentoring programs , hiv / aids awareness initiatives and raised over $ 350,000 for scholarships for high school seniors .
the group is intended to encourage welham graduates to aid in the school 's success through their union ; they have established scholarships and bursaries for deserving students .
the college offers three scholarships a year to indigenous students from rural and regional areas of western australia .
people in 24 networks of 5 to 8 local organisations benefit from trainings , look - and - learn visits and scholarships ( e.g. zavsap network in zimbabwe ) .
hearst college is first mentioned in the second season , when one of veronica 's fellow jurors recommends its generous scholarships and grant programs .
he attended colorado state university on football and wrestling scholarships , graduating in 1970 with a degree in physical science and geology .
governor keating also created a $ 6 million fund to assist victims and provide for scholarships for children who have lost a parent in the attack .
emerson has a limited number of formal scholarships available each year .
scholarships .
danielle egnew earned two - full ride college scholarships , one for musical theater from the university of arizona in tucson , arizona ( 1987 ) , and one for theater from eastern montana college in billings , montana ( 1989)1 .
in 1900 the london county council ( lcc ) agreed that intermediate county scholarships could be held there , and in 1905 it was allowed to become a centre for the training of pupil teachers .
in 1971 , she established the vikki carr scholarship foundation , dedicated to offering college scholarships to hispanic students in california and texas .
donors to aiducation international , who award these merit - based scholarships are known as aidumakers .
as the proportion of pupils from outside rugby increased and the people of the town seemed to benefit less from lawrence sheriff 's original bequest , local concern led to the nineteenth century proposal of a lower school for local boys , with foundation scholarships to the great school .
during his education he obtained scholarships from the polytechnic institute of brooklyn , fullbright foundation and unesco .
the soviet union provided scholarships for albanian students and supplied specialists and study materials to improve instruction in albania .
dr. nejat f. eczacıbaşı foundation music scholarships
over the years , though , more than 100 graduates of the program have earned division i basketball scholarships , including six from the 2007 - 08 team .
nevada state college offers financial aid in the form of grants , scholarships , and loans .
ray mackewn scholarships - awarded to boys in year 7 at guildford grammar preparatory school to those who plan to continue in the senior school as boarders .
the hinckley institute offers several scholarships to university of utah students who have exhibited outstanding academic performance , civic engagement and service to their local community .
he is 12 - 23 through his first three seasons , trying to rebuild the program after ncaa sanctions limited scholarships .
winning ensembles are ranked according to gold , silver , and bronze ; awards and scholarships are also presented.to individual musicians .
some of the programs it funds are leadership school , undergraduate scholarships , the grand chapter website , and regional conclaves .
byu lacrosse does not offer scholarships to players as incentive to attend brigham young university .
he took up in 1584 one of the scholarships at st john 's college founded by his uncle , the lawyer john gwyn , matriculating at easter .
to date the fund has awarded one fully - paid scholarship and a number of part - paid scholarships as well as essay prizes annually .
it has a young writers ' project and also provides research scholarships .
in his youth he played not only baseball but also basketball , for which he was offered several scholarships .
he won scholarships to radley college and then brasenose college , oxford , as a classical scholar , graduating in 1932 with a first .
yair samet was the recipient of three scholarships from the american israel cultural foundation .
on his death , he bequeathed a large proportion of his estate to found a prize essay , two scholarships , and the positions of ' hulsean lecturer ' and ' christian advocate ' .
they also point out that athletic scholarships allow many young men and women who would otherwise be unable to afford to go to college , or would not be accepted , to get a quality education .
during the 1930s new zealanders joined the raf through raf scholarships and short service commissions , like the first raf ace of wwii , ' cobber ' kain .
benefits of membership in the ujsc included scholarships , government - paid studies in foreign countries , and a guaranteed job in the administration once back at home .
in 2006 , members of the suhi family ( present and alumni ) founded the suhi foundation , a 501(c)(3 ) that provides scholarships , student financial aid services , and awards to students in need .
in addition , the company supports the classical guitar and guitarists by presenting several annual new york guitar series at the manhattan school of music , the queen sofia spanish institute and other important venues , by commissioning hundreds of original solo and chamber music works and concertos from some of the foremost contemporary composers , by donating thousands of dollars for scholarships , special artist 's projects and guitar festivals , and by publishing guitar review magazine .
the 2007 graduating class was awarded over $ 3.2 million in scholarships .
aditya has several scholarships at canadian post secondary institutions such as ryerson university , trent university , george brown college and york university .
he was offered football scholarships at colorado , arkansas and vanderbilt but elected to stay closer to home to play at tcu in fort worth .
the foundation offers three scholarships to polish students admitted to the bruges campus of the college of europe .
the jcib class of 2008 obtained more than $ 11 million in scholarships .
the group also annually awards scholarships to graduating students from local elementary and secondary schools to acknowledge the outstanding contributions of local youth .
academic department scholarships .
there are many players receiving scholarships in the usa at division 1 universities .
largely through the foundation 's efforts , nova has been able to fund an increasing number of scholarships , and in 2001 completed the rachel m. schlesinger concert hall and arts center on the alexandria campus .
during his time with hockey canada , hay worked to develop programs for coach certification , student ice hockey scholarships , and hockey research .
while the ivy league institutions settled , mit contested the charges on the grounds that the practice was not anticompetitive because it prevented bidding wars over promising students from consuming funds for need - based scholarships and ensured the availability of aid for the greatest number of students .
this is under a project in which the cuban government provides scholarships and facilities for those chinese to learn spanish .
the davis family 's contribution to the united world colleges , in scholarships and grants for building projects , represents the biggest contribution to international education ever made by a single donor ( as of 2002).1 shelby davis , the scholarship 's namesake , is an investor whose largest fund , davis new york venture , was named to the forbes honour roll for mutual fund investments ; he is the son of shelby cullom davis .
jaime gilinski and his wife raquel have developed the jaime and raquel gilinski hillel ambassador program , which will award up to 15 merit - based scholarships per year at hillel community day school in north miami beach , florida .
entrance from the school and 8 of them achieved different kinds of scholarships .
founded in 1858 it has 95% of graduates attending college and 50% receiving scholarships .
he persuaded the government to provide scholarships , fee concession and a number of other incentives for the education of their children .
it foments literature , the historical test , the plastic , scenic and cinematographic arts and establishes stimuli , economic scholarships and aids for investigators , interpreters , creators and artists .
the scholarships served as a model for the fulbright program 's grants for international educational exchange .
jake fischer is a hot - shot candidate for ast who was ranked as a top competitive swimmer in high school with scholarships to every ivy league college and university , but opted to enlist in the coast guard instead in hopes of becoming an ast .
these scholarships are provided by various organizations such as the memorial foundation and the nashville artist guild .
it is primarily a social club whose main goal is to give scholarships tograduating seniors .
cornell also placed a priority to soliciting endowed scholarships for undergraduates .
annually bau offers 20 scholarships .
scholarships and awards .
in addition , lianza sponsors several scholarships for continuing research in several aspects of the field of librarianship .
combined endowment assets are currently valued at or around $ 1,500,000 covering 34 annual scholarships .
as a grammar school , bailey 's accepted students who 's parents paid or who gained scholarships ( by passing the eleven plus exam ) until fees were phased out , leaving scholarship as the only means of entry .
mildmay otherwise showed his interest in education by acting as an original governor of chelmsford school , founded in 1550 - 1 ; by giving an annuity of 52s . to christ 's hospital ( 10 april 1556 ) ; and by bestowing £ 20 a year on christ 's college , cambridge ( 10 march 1568 - 1569 ) , to be expended on a greek lectureship , six scholarships and a preachership to be filled by a fellow of the college .
scholarships .
financial aid assistance offered at dcc includes scholarships , tuition waivers , grants , loans , and work study .
the university of iowa golden girl is one of only two full tuition scholarships available to the feature twirlers in the nation .
she has created two foundations : " fundación vida y esperanza " ( in 1994 ) , that helps patients with multiple sclerosis , and " fundación alicia koplovitz " , ( created in 2003 ) that includes the other one and gives scholarships for phycisians specialising in children 's psychiatry .
the trust also sponsors a number of scholarships and endowments in various educational institutions in coimbatore .
the campaign transformed the university ’s ability to serve students and the state of washington by supporting scholarships , faculty recruitment and retention , learning technology and statewide education .
together baseball factory and team one baseball have assisted players in obtaining over $ 500 million in college scholarships .
scholarships in 2005 were awarded to the top three per cent of ncea level 3 candidates in the subject , given that examiners are satisfied a worthy standard has been met .
the team received scholarships and a free trip to washington , d.c. for the national competition .
to that end he endowed the john motley morehead foundation , which each year awards generous scholarships ( for undergraduate work ) and fellowships ( for the graduate and professional schools ) to applicants chosen through an extensive and competitive screening process .
the daiwa anglo - japanese foundation - yoshitoki chino memorial scholarships .
2007 marked the 50th anniversary of america 's junior miss. the national finals were held june 28 - 30 at the mobile civic center theater in mobile , alabama where more than $ 150,000 in scholarships were awarded .
winners of the nationals receive scholarships ranging from $ 10,000 to the coveted $ 100,000 grand prize .
• financial aid and scholarships are available to motivate and support students
ottih donated to charitable organizations and community development efforts , such as bakweri development union and victoria city down beach revitalization committee , and awarded educational scholarships to disadvantaged children in catholic elementary school and saker baptist college in victoria city , cameroon , and awa community secondary school , in imo state , nigeria .
scholarships .
earning two scholarships , he attended graduate school at texas a&m university , the university of oklahoma , and colorado state university , beginning in late 1956 .
he also underwrote the " sasayama scholarships " for sitka and wrangell high school students .
geissler and william gillies both graduated from edinburgh college of art in 1922 , having won scholarships , and exhibited for several years with colleagues as " the 1922 group " .
interviews are held again in u5 ( yr 11 ) for scholarships in the 6th form .
winners receive scholarships for postgraduate study .
after gaining tertiary scholarships , he studied medicine at the university of western australia , perth , graduating with his m.d. in 1971 .
in 1937 , german foreign minister von neurath spelled out the reich ’s strategy in a memo , following the peel commission ’s plan to create a palestinian and jewish state side by side : " german therefore has an interest in strengthening the arab world as a counterweight against such a possible increase in power for world jewry . " arab countries , including egypt , received german scholarships , german firms took in arab apprentices , arab party leaders were invited to nuremberg party rallies , and military chiefs were invited to wehrmacht manoevres .
his support for extending scholarships for south carolina residents to the then - unaccredited bju was accepted by the legislative black caucus because unaccredited black schools were also included in the final bill .
offered more than 150 athletic scholarships , lucas certainly had his pick , when ohio state sent then - freshman coach fred taylor to meet him .
since 1991 , the society has donated more than $ 300,000 raised through the show to various railroad museums , historical societies , nonprofit groups and organizations dedicated to preserving railroad history and restoring railroad equipment and structures , as well as scholarships .
scholarships .
it issues various medals and awards , offers grants and scholarships and elects new members to itself .
he also changed the criteria for the awarding of secondary school scholarships by making them available to all who qualified , rather than by way of competition .
a patron of education , he founded several scholarships at his former oxford college .
scholarships are awarded on the basis of academic achievement , hockey achievement and community involvement .
the ift supports ventures and initiatives that encourage an interest in film production and help emerging film - makers to develop and express themselves , through financing activities such as basic film courses for the disadvantaged and the provision of training scholarships for those who have demonstrated talent but need monetary or other help .
received two fulbright scholarships and numerous grants for her artistic projects and her academic work .
during the summer following the selma movement , vivian conceived and directed an educational program , vision , and put 702 alabama students in college with scholarships ( this program later became upward bound ) .
each year , many students from this gifted program also acquire college scholarships due to their excellence .
a.in the naia , the only difference between divisions is the maximum number of scholarships offered in men 's and women 's basketball .
to further the goal of encouraging interest in metrology as a career , ncsl international supports scholarships to institutions and individuals .
the winner and runner - up of the entire competition receive trophies as well as cash scholarships granted by the rotary club .
cited in many of the newspaper articles on him during his lifetime and immediately after his death were his provisions of scholarships for the poor , and quality health services for the underserved , the poor without regard to their age , sex and color , the colored children asylum and other orphanages , the mentally ill and convalescents .
in 1985 , the alumni announced that the funds collected earlier would be rediverted to other projects , such as providing scholarships .
merit scholarships .
he studied advanced conducting at the guildhall school of music and drama having received post - graduate scholarships and graduated with the ricordi conductors ' prize .
for example , between 1993 and 1995 , scholarships were extended to other countries in the european community .
he has been a board member of the albert shanker institute , a member of the u.s. board of foreign scholarships , co - chair of the committee for labor law reform , co - chair of the committee for an effective unesco , and consultant to the national endowment for the humanities , the national humanities institute , the national endowment for democracy , and the american jewish committee .
iptay is an athletic booster club founded in 1931 to provide athletic scholarships for all student athletes at clemson university .
in a typical year , fifty such scholarships , worth over $ 250,000 , are allocated .
acha teams are not sanctioned by the ncaa ; they offer no scholarships and typically receive far less university funding .
although intake to the college is open to all , with history of a few private students , students usually gain entry by winning any of the various scholarships that send students to this college .
a limited number of choral scholarships are available .
at which time over 900 student grades 6 - 12 from over 100 schools within western pennsylvania competed for over $ 550,000 in scholarships and prizes .
george murray and was educated at st peter 's college , adelaide , where he won the prankerd , wyatt , christchurch and farrell scholarships .
blue lake includes the blue lake scholarship program where representatives travel to schools and award scholarships .
he has finished many special courses ( ex . european film college ) and received many international scholarships for european film professionals .
he then obtained scholarships to finish at the school ( 1907–1910 ) .
the focus of the campaign , to end in 2009 , was stated to be " student scholarships , faculty support , campus facilities and priority needs .
knox college offers generous scholarships to outstanding international students who wish to take full advantage of what the american liberal arts mode of education has to offer .
scholarships .
the foundation offers annual scholarships to young jewish immigrants arriving from italy and who intend to enroll in universities , yeshivot , or other institutes for advanced learning .
the council provides scholarships , sponsors youth philanthropy programs , and hosts an annual youth opportunities expo .
the program awards scholarships to incoming students to cover room and board .
activities range from mentoring , scholarships , job listings , conferences , speaking , etc .
( 6 ) to perform research - oriented works on bangla language , literature and culture and arrange scholarships for researchers ;
the management of janata shikshana samiti has been kind enough to institute 57 scholarships of the value of rs . 100 /-
the shane twins were national high school and college tennis champions , attending northwest missouri state university on athletics scholarships , and they appeared in a television advertisement for the restaurant chain " sonny 's bbq " , wherein they played two mermaids who were sick and tired of a movement away from fish eating , and so had had their fins turned into wheels so they could drive to sonny 's and eat ribs .
as well , auditions are used to select or screen candidates for entry to training programs ( ballet school or circus school ) ; university programs ( b.mus , m.mus , mfa in theater ) ; performance - related scholarships and grants ; or to be considered for representation by a talent agency or individual agent .
members of phi theta kappa have opportunities to receive some of more than $ 40 million in scholarships provided exclusively for phi theta kappa members .
the center supports the creation and presentation of new works , sponsors visiting artist residencies , and offers courses , scholarships , lectures , and symposia , all in a creative alliance with the school of art , creative writing program , moores school of music , school of theatre and dance , and blaffer gallery , the art museum of the university of houston .
by 1962 the school had a sixth form and matriculation classes which led to thirteen girls receiving commonwealth scholarships .
the class of 2008 , containing approximately 70 students , accumulated a total of $ 1.1 million in scholarships .
these scholarships , each worth $ 2,500 usd , were designated for master of science or phd. students studying wildland fire or wildland fire - related topics .
in 1922 walton won scholarships to trinity college , dublin for the study of mathematics and science .
scholarships and some forms of financial aid are available .
besides support for the addis ababa synod of eecmy , the budget of ilc has included support for many christian organizations working in ethiopia , such as mekane yesus seminary scholarships , the bible society of ethiopia , win souls for god , and mother theresa orphanage .
additionally , cuba provides doctors , as well as scholarships for i - kiribati medical students .
proud of the hard work and dedication of the 2008 - 09 pths seniors who earned over 2 million dollars in offers of scholarships .
parents help run a bingo program that contributes funds for instructional equipment , coaching positions , scholarships , and a variety of special programs .
the aiaa foundation funds numerous scholarships for both undergraduate and graduate students .
because of the north coast athletic association athletic agreement , the university is not permitted to offer academic scholarships for athletic recruiting .
scholarships .
applicants for united world college scholarships are interviewed by national committees , all of which have a slightly different system but are unified by the uwc mission and vision .
kramer produced the hendrix tribute album , ' , featuring the cure , eric clapton and buddy guy , raising $ 750,000 for the united negro college fund as musical scholarships to berklee college of music , the juilliard school of music and the dance theatre of harlem .
