this was to be the scot 's last taste of success in a major event although the odd final appearance still came over the next few years .
dj scot project .
philp resumed his position as leader and his conciliatory treatment of the government continued when fellow scot william kidston became premier .
in 1812 , a stone coffin that some speculated was that of michael scot the philosopher and " wizard " , was found in an aisle in the abbey 's south chancel .
the right of election in malton was vested in the scot and lot householders of the borough , of whom there were about 800 in 1832 .
on december 28 , the 49ers , through gm scot mccloughan , announced that singletary would be retained as head coach for the 2009 season ; the team won five of its final seven games and went 5–4 overall under singletary after nolan 's dismissal .
scot on the wars between tipu sultan and the british army are said to be the only visual representation of the wars .
he was the first scot to win the british circuit race time trial championship , in 2006 , and won the british 25-mile time trial twice , in 2006 and 2007 .
jeffrey scot baisley ( born december 19 , 1982 in tampa , florida ) is a major league baseball third baseman for the oakland athletics organization .
on july 21 , 2007 , mauer hit his first career inside - the - park home run against angels pitcher scot shields .
she is released the next day , but only to after having been made to swear an oath that she would marry a scot .
he continued to play for arsenal as a near ever - present for the next two seasons , although he missed out arsenal 's 1950 fa cup triumph after manager tom whittaker preferred fellow scot alex forbes in the final .
in 1991 , murray established the " sunday scot " , a tabloid newspaper which ceased publication after only 14 weeks .
the scot abroad .
michael scot .
whereas , scot 's landing is located on the saskatchewan river .
on july 11 , the celtics addressed their need for a backup center by signing patrick o'bryant to a 2-year , $ 3 million contract , after he had an impressive workout with the team a week earlier , and consequently ruled out the return of scot pollard and p.j. brown .
in 2005 he fought and won both fights at the major muay thai stadiums in bangkok , the lumpinee and rajadamnern , making him the first scot ever to do so .
robinson gives the scot 's word ' blout ' as meaning the ' eruption of fluid ' or a place that is soft or wet .
scot and maurine proctor are the founders of the latter - day saint oriented website " meridian magazine " .
along with fellow scot james webster , he purchased 7000 acres ( 28 km² ) of uncleared land in nichol township and laid out the town of fergus .
from 1927 with the introduction of the lms royal scot class , the claughtons ' main work had been taken away and many were transferred to the midland division .
after consideration , the committee agreed with calthorpe that the right to vote in hindon was not tied to payment of scot and lot , and therefore that the petition was not justified on those grounds .
for the 2009 season he was handed a motogp spot for team scot honda , thus replacing his former 250cc team - mate andrea dovizioso who heads for hrc 's official repsol honda outfit .
indian trail was first a big farming community ; however , german and scot - irish settlers began to move into the area due to its geographical location .
at the time of his hiring , smellie edited a weekly called the " scot 's journal " , which made him familiar with the editing and publication of a work in parts .
allison adelle hedge coke ( born august 4 , 1958 ) is an american book award - winning american / canadian poet of mixed wendat / huron / metis / tsalagi/ creek / french canadian / portuguese / irish / scot / english ancestry .
in the manuscript of the austrian national library , vienna lat . 2334 , the seventh and part of the eight book of the long commentary are preserved in a translation which differs considerably from the one by michel scot , both in vocabulary and in syntax .
scot is tried and executed .
graetz even goes to the length of regarding anatoli as identical with the jew andreas , who , according to roger bacon , assisted michael scot in his philosophic translations from the arabic , seeing that andreas might be a corruption of anatoli .
after pride 's purge , scot became one of the chief organizers of the trial and execution of the king .
charles hadow was a partner in willis , hadow and co , wine merchants of scot 's yard , bush lane , london and also traded in india .
though he had a penchant for long , passionate speeches in parliament , scot could also be a subtle backroom politician and had a knack for creating alliances and rallying votes .
the lineup in the mid 1940s of jerry dawson , dougie gray , shaw , scot symon , young and cox was also commonly referred to as the iron curtain .
two days latter on 9 may four more men were appointed to the committee john lambert , john desborough , james berry and thomas scot .
the chapter on magic tricks in scot 's discoverie was plagiarized heavily , and constituted a substantial portion ( in some cases , nearly all ) of the text in english - language magic books of the 17th and 18th centuries .
the exhibit also featured two of tina turner 's tour costumes for the 1995 - 1996 wildest dreams tour ; the premiere outfit was designed by wayne scot lukas and executed by gianni versace .
it took another 92 - from scot dougie brown to see them past 200 , and his four - hour knock proved invaluable to warwickshire 's eventual turn - around .
after a career of successes and excesses undermined , carlos " morocho " herández , met the end and defeat when measured in london , on 11 may 1971 to scot ken buchanan , to whom fell by tko in the 8th round .
the franchise for the welsh boroughs was a mix of freemen , scot and lot and corporation , but in practice there were all under the control of local patrons and contested elections were rare .
the artistic director of the bristol faire until 2008 was ron scot fry .
he found that financial compensation would be inappropriate , but ordered nalliah and scot to take out newspaper advertisements to the value of $ 68,690 which summarised the findings in the case .
others believe the jump was invented by a scot , pat low ; in britain , the walley was formerly sometimes called the pat low jump instead .
it is not enough , according to scot , to explain a technology 's success by saying that it is " the best " -- researchers must look at how the criteria of being " the best " is defined and what groups and stakeholders participate in defining it .
sir william duke ( 1863–1924 ; full name is sometimes given as william taylor duke , and he appears to have been a scot ) studied at arbroath and then at university college london , before joining the indian civil service , in the bengal cadre .
one of the first two labour mps to be elected to parliament , the scot keir hardie , was elected by the merthyr tydfil constituency .
before the reform act 1832 , those who paid scot and bore lot were often entitled to the franchise .
barry 's strategy of adhesive laying , however , soon gets all three into trouble , as the three are now boxed in by the adhesive , painting themselves into a corner ( for which scot and david make mock celebratory gestures ) .
an anglo - scot business elite would control canadian commerce up until the 1950s , founding a protestant public school system and hospitals and universities such as mcgill university .
he may also have been a native scot .
born in rotherham , south yorkshire , thomas was the eldest son of sir thomas rotherham , of brookgate in rotherham , and his wife , alice scot .
british sprinters had made little impression on the international scene , and the sight of the scot winning two gold medals ( 200 m , 4 x 100 m ) , and a silver ( 100 m ) at the commonwealth games in edmonton , alberta , canada , was a surprise for british athletics fans .
" the scot abroad " is a book by john hill burton .
it was a scot , john muir , who had initiated one of the first national parks in the world , at yosemite in the united states .
exact details of cameron 's hire remain vague , but on august 23 , 1779 an enthusiastic catherine wrote to grimm that " at present i am very taken with mr. cameron , a scot by nationality and a jacobite , great draughtsman , well versed in antique monuments and well known for his book on the " baths of rome " .
scot halpin , an audience member , was brought on to finish the show .
after a while macphee , a character who appears in " that hideous strength " ( though here he is a scot , not an irishman ) , points out that the " dark tower " is in fact a replica of the new cambridge university library .
the scot thus lost ground , and finished seventh , just out of the points , behind sauber 's felipe massa .
the marathas had set up camp to besiege the citadel of gwalior , in which a scot named george sangster , whom de boigne had met in lucknow , was commanding the garrison .
after the indemnity and oblivion act became law on august 29 , 1660 , cooper sat on the special commission that tried the regicides , and in this capacity took part in sentencing to death several colleagues with whom he had collaborated during the years of the english interregnum , including hugh peters , thomas harrison , and thomas scot .
andrew the scot .
sharon oakley is a glasgow based anglo / scot radio presenter and broadcaster .
graetz also suggests the possibility that anatoli , in conjunction with michael scot , may have translated maimonides ' " guide for the perplexed " into latin ; but this suggestion has not yet been sufficiently proved ( compare steinschneider , " hebr . uebers . "
in the seventeenth century it was afflicted with the usual controversy prevalent in small communities as to where the right of election lay , and the committee of privileges reported in 1661 ' that the right of election was in such freemen only as paid scot and lot ' .
he replaced fellow scot david leslie after his death in 2008 .
mckenzie was a scot by birth , a canadian immigrant as a teenager .
on 16 october 2006 , norwich held a press conference to reveal that former city player peter grant had left west ham united to become the new manager , and in february 2007 , grant replaced assistant doug livermore with his fellow scot , jim duffy .
the islamic council of victoria was ordered to pay half of scot 's and nalliah 's legal costs of the appeal .
helen a. johansson , who sat up behind ina scot in prix d'amérique , was the first woman ever to drive in the race .
barry blaze , scot kifer , rick brainer , skippy
kenny richey 's brother , tom richey , who is serving a prison sentence for murder , authored a book about the case entitled " kenny richey death row scot : my brother kenny 's fight for justice " .
he has been described as an " extremely patriotic " scot .
robin refuses , because the scot will prove false .
scot walters came home third , three laps behind the lead duo with billy bigley , jr. eleven laps behind in fourth followed by royce mason .
the modern team first appeared in their own mini - series " creature commandos " # 1 may 2000 , this version was written by tim truman and drawn by scot eaton .
scot shields relieved donnelly .
there exist translations by scot himself of the " historia animalium " , of " de anima " and of " de coelo " , along with the commentaries of averroes upon them .
according to scot , ‘ a single transistor alone can only do so much … it needs a circuit , other transistors , to operate’. not ‘
the british press have linked janković and jamie murray romantically but she has remained coy about their relationship , though she joked in interviews that she used kisses as a way of motivating the scot .
he played 365 consecutive matches for liverpool from 1975 to 1983 , finally seeing this sequence brought to a halt after he suffered an injury which forced him out of one solitary match , it was a league cup 2nd round 1st leg tie at griffin park on 5 october 1983 , the versatile young scot steve nicol covered for the injured neal as the reds won comfortably by 4 goals to 1 .
ina scot earned us$ 1,003,789 in 1993 .
despite the boldest of the act , only a few stragglers were punished by the sheriff and william brown , ' diehard ' himself , got off scot free .
-"sauny the scot : or , the taming of the shrew .
he struck up an impressive partnership with fiery scot and fellow striker david speedie , despite initial personal problems between the two , and also linked up well with winger nevin ; between them the trio scored almost 200 goals over the next three years .
the furthest southern penetration since weddell was made by the scot william speirs bruce in 1903 .
in the final match of the afternoon , 15th seed dave askew crashed out 10 - 7 to world number 19 jamie harvey , a scot who every now and again enjoys a fabulous run in a tournament .
he then suffered two successive first round exits , losing to fellow scot jocky wilson in 1982 and to australian , kevin white in 1983 .
most of these books feature her main series character , chief inspector robert macdonald , a " london scot " and an avowed bachelor with a love for walking in the english countryside .
over 5800 of the type have been built by its manufacturer ( originally the gordon douglass boat company , now flying scot inc. ) , based in maryland .
ina scot did not manage to win any of her first three races in 1992 , but after that , she started to line up victories in a fashion that had never been seen before .
reverend scot sloan is a character in the comic strip doonesbury .
some elements of the village like to call the village " teach an stocaigh " after willie scot .
scot shields .
at one end , a paved square of land is dotted with scot 's pines growing out of circular benches .
the identity of the engraver is also not known ; it may have been robert scot but thomson may also have found a private engraver on his own .
sociologists james coleman , barry wellman and scot wortley adopted glenn loury 's 1977 definition in developing and popularising the concept .
it was first held in 1926 , and started by dr j.a. russell - cargill , a london based scot .
the scot james tassie ( 1735 - 1799 ) , and his nephew william ( 1777 – 1860 ) developed methods for taking hard impressions from old gems , and also for casting new designs from carved wax in enamel , enabling a huge production of what are really imitation engraved gems .
scot rebuilt the tower in the 1620s .
the following week , a local newspaper , the " northern scot " , reported the liberal democrats to the electoral commission for attributing quotes in leaflets to the newspaper itself rather than to the specific liberal democrats whom the paper had been quoting .
on 16 april 1991 , the fiery scot departed for his former club liverpool before the league campaign reached its dramatic culmination , saying he had " gone as far as he would be allowed to go " .
the members of the first council were the earls of denbigh , mulgrave , pembroke , salisbury , lords grey and fairfax , lisle , rolle , oliver st. john , wilde , bradshaw , cromwell , skippon , pickering , masham , haselrig , harrington , vane jun , danvers , armine , mildmay , constable , pennington , wilson , whitelocke , martin , ludlow , stapleton , hevingham , wallop , hutchinson , bond , popham , valentine walton , scot , purefoy , jones .
scot kelsh .
in 1758 he became the first briton to win the triennial architecture competition at the accademia di san luca , which made his name known in london , and won him the rivalry of fellow scot robert adam .
barnes ' relationship with other band members was volatile ; as a scot he often came to blows with liverpool - born prestwich and he left the band several times .
during his first season at the club graham has proved to be a hit with the fans and management alike , earning a regular place in the team and also taking over the role of captain from lee bullen whilst the scot 's injury problems had regularly kept him out of the team .
a number of premium services were offered , culminating in 1937 with the launch of the coronation scot , which featured streamlined locomotives hauling a nine coach train of specially constructed stock between london euston and glasgow central in six and a half hours .
its nine members are scot armstrong , tara copeland , jon daly , james eason , jesse falcon , jason mantzoukas , doug moe , jessica st. clair , and christine walters .
in the social construction of technology ( scot ) approach developed by collins ' student trevor pinch , as well as by the dutch sociologist wiebe bijker , the strong programme was extended to technology .
on september 9 2008 scot rubin was appointed as vice president of marketing of the championship gaming series .
the stop at the end of the line was named after the earl of airlie , the leader of the scot capitalists .
" scot replied , " we do n't have a choice . "
the editor of " the ulster - scot " is the church journalist billy kennedy and its associate editor is joanne crockard .
jack is understandably enraged that loyvek and maldic got off scot - free .
jeffrey scot suppan (; born january 2 , 1975 , in oklahoma city , oklahoma ) , is a major league baseball pitcher for the milwaukee brewers .
it is no secret that scot macdonald remains prime minister by prime mover chamberlain 's leave . "
he has collaborated with john bischoff , chris brown , john butcher , eugene chadbourne , fred frith , gianni gebbia , scot gresham - lancaster , luc houtkamp , yoshi ichiraku , joelle leandre , roscoe mitchell , gino robair , the rova saxophone quartet , elliott sharp , leo wadada smith , and john zorn .
he is remembered for his famous ' māori chuckle ' , and his quotes : " if it was n't for the poms you 'd all be the same colour as me , mate ! " , and " i 'm half scot , half māori .
lms royal scot class .
the group recorded three albums for the beltona sword label , a branch of decca records - " the great gaelic sound of na h - oganaich " ( 1972 ) , " gael force three " ( 1973 ) and " scot - free " ( 1975 ) .
additionally , st. simon had easily beaten the lambkin ( who would win that year 's st. leger ) , that year 's 2,000 guineas stakes winner , scot free , and st. gatien , who had dead - heated for the win a the derby , showing he had the talent to win the triple crown had he ever had the chance to pursue that route .
scot gresham - lancaster ( b. redwood city , ca , usa , 1954 ) is a composer , performer , instrument builder , educator and educational technology specialist with over three decades of professional experience .
reginald scot ( c. 1538 - october 9 , 1599 ) was the english author of " the discoverie of witchcraft " , which was published in 1584 .
after bill struth collected two more domestic doubles in 1950 and 1953 , scot symon was appointed as rangers third manager on 15 june 1954 .
from the 1584 publication of reginald scot 's " discoverie of witchcraft " until the end of the 19th century , only a few books were available for magicians to learn the craft , whereas today mass - market books offer a myriad titles .
meanwhile , scot dougie brown took four for 58 , but glamorgan actually recovered quite well from 76 for 6 to their final score of 239 .
scot kleinendorst .
coltrane was voted no . 10 in itv 's " tv 's 50 greatest stars " and sixth in a poll of 2000 adults across the uk to find the ' most famous scot ' , behind the loch ness monster , robert burns , sean connery , robert the bruce and william wallace .
the accident , also fatal to b. shimada , occurred near guadalajara as these men were en route to join the scot expedition at acapulco .
despite williams driver rosberg 's best attempts , he was unable to pass the scot .
nickerson had replaced scot brantley , who was the commentator from 1999 through 2005 .
many american and anglo - scot merchants settled in quebec city in the nineteenth century , but the majority of anglophones were working - class irish immigrants .
" entertain us " which borrows the guitar riff from the queen song stone cold crazy was the last song recorded while nikki was in the band and it features drummer scot coogan on lead vocals
scot schmidt .
thomas was devastated by the verdict having floored the scot twice and largely dominated most of the contest .
scot draws on work done in the constructivist school of the sociology of scientific knowledge , and its subtopics include actor - network theory ( a branch of the sociology of science and technology ) and historical analysis of sociotechnical systems , such as the work of historian thomas p. hughes .
the prime minister , the earl of bute was extremely unpopular with english opinion in the early 1760 's , so promoting another scot was thought too risky .
the group 's lineup was rounded up by singer london legrand and drummer scot coogan formerly of ednaswap and annetenna .
the most noted of these was michael scot ( c. 1175 to c. 1235 ) , who took the works of ibn rushd ( " averroes " ) and ibn sina ( " avicenna " ) to italy .
" brain chain " was designed by alicia vaz and scot blackburn , who are los angeles attorneys , and kris harter , who is a math and history teacher at loma linda academy .
the scot continued his pattern of success with dartford and won trophies by the shoal during the decade leading up to the 1939 - 45 war .
the minority country party was largely ulster - scot , centered in new castle county , and quickly advocated independence from the british .
hamish hamilton limited was a british book publishing house , founded in 1931 eponymously by the half - scot half - american jamie hamilton ( " hamish " is the vocative form of the gaelic ' seamus ' [ meaning james ] , " james " the english form - which was also his given name , and " jamie " the diminutive form ) .
alexander mackennal ( january 14 , 1835 - june 23 , 1904 ) , british nonconformist divine , was born at truro in cornwall , the son of patrick mackennal , a scot , who had settled there .
seattle ’s trees are aging and inundated with invasive plants , including english ivy , himalayan blackberry , scot ’s broom and knotweed .
scot brantley ( born february 24 , 1958 in chester , south carolina ) is a former linebacker who played 8 seasons for the tampa bay buccaneers in the national football league .
dj scot project a.k.a .
the scot alexander leslie led the regiment between 1622 and 1624 .
montgomery obtained the pardon but king james i divided the land in three , with the area from killyleagh to bangor going to another scot , james hamilton , later 1st viscount claneboye .
clyde & co was founded by richard arthur clyde , a scot who took the high road to england .
wilson entering the seeds meant he would replace rab smith , the scot having to play the first round before moving into the later stages .
of morrissey , gilbert wrote " he brings depth to brown , a scot , as a moody , private workaholic whose passion is in ideas and not in performing to the public . "
despite his exotic name , boris is actually a scot who lives in folkestone .
he currently lives in winchester , va with his wife , together they have had 3 children : rob , a physician ; rebecca , a former high school counselor ; and scot , a surveyor .
in , thompson began the season with the angels after relievers chris bootcheck and scot shields began the season on the disabled list .
the one illustration in which he appears does not make his class clear , but he may be either a patriot class or one of the larger royal scot class .
the town was laid out by another scot by the name of maconachie ( full name unknown ) .
hatton began his carlisle united career playing alongside hugh mcilmoyle , but was soon thrown in at the deep end when the scot moved to middlesbrough .
on april 27 , 2006 , scot j. patrow , writing for " the wall street journal " , reported prosecutors were investigating whether other members of congress or their staff received the services of prostitutes provided at cunningham 's request by mitchell wade .
team scot .
scot eaton is a comic book artist , best known for his work on " friendly neighborhood spider - man " , ' , and ' .
" rhona " was a sitcom which starred cameron as rhona campbell , a lesbian scot living alone in london , who has problems similar to those of her straight friends .
the following year , johansen signed for rangers on june 24 , 1965 for £ 20,000 after impressing manager scot symon with his performance for a european select side against a uk select in stanley matthews ' testimonial .
robb ’s vintage analog recording techniques and a musician ’s soul create the sublime sonic landscape that pairs the rich gospel - honed vocals and bluesman ’s undressed piano style with superlative musicianship by guitarists matthew j. ruffino and zachary throne , bassist larry “ bones ” dennison , drummer oscar seaton , percussionists craig krampf and scot little bihlman , and robb himself on b3 and wurlitzer .
one was a scot .
scot started as a copy boy on the sun , covering a wide variety of general work before winning the herald @ weekly times overseas scholarship and moving on to sport .
robert smalley ’s position in goal was also under threat from an emerging twenty year old scot named jack angus while david kirkwood having lost the battle to secure the inside right birth to alec brady , now shared the centre back duties with charlie parry
scot . , 1998 , p. 59 .
rizzo would only make two starts in 1998 , as scot walters purchased rizzo 's ride .
although scot has had a nice career after football , he has endured some difficult times .
although it took him some time to settle in to the pace of the english game , there was a steely determination about the young scot that was to stand him in good stead .
other earls were hugh ii , ranulph iii and john the scot .
she served in this role alongside laura foy , geoff keighley , and previously scot rubin .
other players of this time were frank brennan ( like mitchell a scot ) , ivor broadis , len white and welshman ivor allchurch .
a tribute to his memory was given by fellow scot , the rev , john mcfarland , in finsbury chapel on october 14 .
cope led for the first time on lap 92 with scot walters , freddie query , dave jackson , and ron young all having a turn at the front of the field .
it tells the story of counterterrorism agent scot harvath , who attempts to uncover a revelation that could damage the standing of radical islam .
the film is a comic satire on a judicial system , where cases drag on for decades , where plaintives either die or loose hope and money , while the corrupt run scot free , thanks to their nexus with corrupt lawyers .
it took another 92 - from scot dougie brown to see them past 200 , and his four - hour knock proved invaluable to warwickshire 's eventual turn - around .
on more than one occasion , the scot fell out with the blackpool board or management , and on one occasion he refused to join the team to play leeds united in the fa cup .
6100 " royal scot " is owned by bressingham steam museum in norfolk , and returned to steam for first time in over 20 years at the west somerset railway 's 2009 spring gala .
no such attempt was made , and the french escaped scot - free .
in 1904 he was offered the management of the new london office of macandrews & forbes , an american firm with interests in the east , one of whose partners was david forbes , a fellow scot with whom he had become friendly in baku .
in fact , ramocinski 's sponsor , " dirtmasters " , and it 's g.m. mike devitt is the one who protested scot .
scot davis .
[ scot . ]
he also suggested adding a scot to the mix .
laura foy ( born march 16 , 1976 in oakdale , new york ) is an american television producer and former co - host alongside tina wood , geoff keighley , and scot rubin of the interactive video game television program " g4tv.com " on g4 .
voght recruited two landscape gardener renowned in europe for flottbek : the scot james booth and frenchman joseph ramée .
however , sue , a scot , is perhaps the least suited person for the job .
failed to qualify : randy tolsma ( # 61 ) , marc robe , lance norick ( # 90 ) , scot walters ( # 37 ) , rob rizzo ( # 27 ) , mark kinser ( # 92 )
gruffydd i of gwynedd promoted the primacy of the episcopal see of bangor in gwynedd , and funded the building of bangor cathedral during the episcopate of david the scot , bishop of bangor , between 1120 - 1139 .
" the valet 's tragedy " ( 1903 ) , which takes its title from an essay on dumas 's " man in the iron mask " , collects twelve papers on historical mysteries , and " a monk of fife " ( 1896 ) is a fictitious narrative purporting to be written by a young scot in france in 1429 - 1431 .
having taken such vows , ( a mendicant ) should not , on entering a village or scot - free town , & c. , take himself , or induce others to take , or allow others to take , what has not been given .
scot rubin is a talk show host .
there is also a large marriott chain hotel here ( previously the royal scot ) , and the gyle shopping centre is nearby .
the organisation also issues the young scot nec card , which provides cardholders with discounts for goods and services across certain european countries and can be used as a proof of age card in the united kingdom via the pass scheme .
the school was re - opened in 2008 by scot , john smeaton , made famous as a hero during the attempted terrorist attack on glasgow airport , however , he should not be confused with the school 's namesake , 18th century civil engineer john smeaton of austhorpe , leeds .
he insisted that english and scot should " join and coalesce together in a sincere and perfect union , as two twins bred in one belly , to love one another as no more two but one estate " .
in order to prove that the translator was not michel scot , but probably hermannus alemannus , this edition will be accompanied by a detailed comparison of technical terms and of important portions of the text . the study has been approved by the nordrhein - westfälische akademie and will be published by f. schöningh , paderborn ( isbn 978 - 3 - 506 - 76316 - 7 )
one pastor , a man who had fled pakistan when a charge of blasphemy was made against him there , was daniel scot .
scot davis is the current wrestling head coach at owatonna high school in minnesota .
james joseph , an ulster - scot , was born in county antrim , ireland in june 1845 ( his gravestone says july 1 , 1845 ) .
his own earldom of chester went to the son of his sister maud of chester , john the scot .
he toured with the 1930 british lions , including a match against the all blacks , and was the only scot on the squad .
william scot .
two studies are f. picavet , " les discussions sur la liberté au temps de gottschalk , de raban maur , d'hincmar , et de jean scot " , in " comptes rendus de l'acad . des sciences morales et politiques " ( paris , 1896 ) ; and a. freystedt , " studien zu gottschalks leben und lehre " , in " zeitschrsft für kirchengeschichte " ( 1897 ) , vol . xviii .
frederic h. jones , a scot , had started a mission in iceland in 1897 .
effectively frozen out along with mcrae at ford , he along with the scot moved to citroën for the 2003 and 2004 seasons , with whom he was to score his final world rally victory at the 2004 rally argentina .
indeed at one time , the first xv boasted a total of 14 welsh regulars , along with their captain alec daly - a scot !
annette crosbie , known to many as the long suffering wife of victor meldrew , played by fellow scot richard wilson , in the bbc comedy series " one foot in the grave . " is a former resident of gorebridge .
kjeldsen had broken the course record with a 10 under par 62 on saturday to move into the lead , and a level par final round of 72 on sunday was enough to see off the challenge of scot david drysdale by three strokes .
it took another 92 - from scot dougie brown to see them past 200 , and his four - hour knock proved invaluable to warwickshire 's eventual turn - around .
as cevert began to draw even with stewart 's driving abilities , the scot was secretly planning to retire after the last race of the season in the united states .
the celtics also hoped to keep unrestricted free agent eddie house , and decisions were to be made on unrestricted free agents sam cassell and scot pollard .
scot halpin ( february 3 , 1954 – february 9 , 2008 ) was an artist and musician noted for sitting in for the who 's keith moon during a rock concert at the cow palace in san francisco .
el borak describes his ancestry as highland scot and black irish , he has black hair but has black eyes instead of the blue typical of the black irish .
the right to vote was disputed in the 18th century , but according to a judgment of 1796 , belonged to those " free burgesses " who were resident householders paying scot and lot .
scot 's house ” .
at the northern end of the park is a statue from 1890 of the reverend j.d. lang , the presbryterian minister who founded the scot 's church in 1826 .
scot hollonbeck .
south gallia high school 's current principal is scot west .
the second scot to lead the orchestra , the late bryden thomson , maintained the nordic link with a memorable cycle of nielsen symphonies , with the recordings of the fourth and sixth symphonies generally regarded as amongst the finest available .
the flying scot is a day sailer dinghy used for pleasure sailing as well as racing throughout north america .
the becket fund for religious liberty , an interfaith public interest law firm based in washington dc , had intervened on pastor scot 's behalf , engaging in discussion with the attorney general of australia , providing legal representation with local counsel , and providing legal arguments employed for the legal appeal .
april 2006 - tigers announce retirement of bob green ( d ) and scot spelying ( d )
a former head of news and sport at scot fm , he also presented the station 's news magazine ' lunchtime live ' which won a silver sony award in 1999 .
the minority country party was largely ulster - scot , centered in new castle county , and quickly advocated the idea of independence from the british .
jir planned to run three - time ama superbike champions ben spies , but it was team scot who retained honda support .
st. andrew the scot was the brother of st brigid the younger , he was born in ireland near the beginning of the ninth century to a noble family .
the top scorers for the season were james collins ( 23 ) , austrian striker andreas weimann ( 16 ) , nathan delfouneso ( 15 ) and scot barry bannan ( 13 ) .
the flying scot was inducted into the american sailboat hall of fame .
after being championed by a host of djs , including eddie halliwell , pete tong , guy ornadel , scot project and dave pearce , ' nervous breakdown ' was picked up by nutrition for an official release and later featured on a number of compilations including the godskitchen direct mix album .
his replacement , a scot named james wallace , recommended a change back to .
having gained the backing of hungarian oil company mol group , talmácsi moved to the team scot motogp team starting with the sixth race of the season at circuit de catalunya .
the film follows chris vale ( scot nery ) , a young man who was wrongly convicted of murdering his family in 1982 , and admitted into an insane asylum based largely on the fact that chris had been found at home with the bodies by the police .
the legendary michael scot used to feast his friends with dishes brought by spirits from the royal kitchens of france and spain and other lands .
however , he had heard of a fellow scot in the area who was trying to recruit new stars to his football club .
similarly , the socially deterministic theory represented by some proponents of the social construction of technology ( scot ) or social shaping of technology theory as advocated by williams & edge in 1996 see technology as the product of human social forces .
in august 2005 , buchanan along with justice geoffrey nettle granted leave to appeal a decision against danny nalliah and daniel scot , and a christian organisation called " catch the fire ministries " .
robinson gives the scot 's word ' blout ' as meaning the ' eruption of fluid ' .
in 1932 , william baxter fsa ( scot ) restored the well .
however , fellow scot musician luke sutherland has contributed violin to mogwai 's records and live performances .
another scot , william mcdougall , was known as one of the fathers of the confederation ; sir richard mcbride ( 1870 - 1917 ) was from 1903 - 1915 the premier of british columbia , where his was the first government under the new system of political parties .
" ron scot fry is an important figure in the growth of the american renaissance faire movement in the late twentieth and early twenty - first centuries .
rindt finally got past on the straight on lap 21 , and eventually , the scot began to fall back . "
he was born at newcastle , and at an early age was sent to christ 's college , cambridge , where he studied under cuthbert scot .
in 1994 , the scot left sligo just before the start of the new season after being approached by celtic to become their youth team coach .
her first marriage was to william brockie wilson , a malayan - born scot .
he married a scot , lady lorna gillivrie , and is the father of alexander and francis fox - selywn .
the leading scot to be disinherited was david de strathbogie , the former earl of atholl , who had defected to the english on the eve of the battle of bannockburn due to his sister being jilted by edward bruce , earl of carrick .
ina scot made her competitive debut as a two - year - old on august 26 , 1991 , at her home racetrack , mantorp .
thereafter the inhabitants of the five boroughs , paying scot and lot ( a local tax ) , formed the electorate .
thomas rotherham , also known as thomas ( scot ) de rotherham ( 24 august 1423 – 29 may 1500 ) , was an english cleric and statesman , and is considered a local hero in rotherham , south yorkshire , his town of birth .
contemporary critics of witch hunts included friedrich von spee , gianfrancesco ponzinibio , cornelius loos , reginald scot , anton praetorius , johann mayfurth and alonzo salazar de frias .
