all neon tubes are hand made and labor intensive , even today , and the shop equipment is normally custom assembled from scratch by the craftsmen themselves from parts .
it is suggested that a scratch from the werewolf is the source of haemophilia in many of her descendants .
economic and social life before that war was dominated by a small number of factory owning families that would scratch each other 's backs .
guillot ” , who invented a machine “ that could scratch fine patterns and designs on metallic surfaces ” .
it can be assumed , given his knowledge and intellect , that he created his devices from scratch .
they take of a year from their studies to design and built a new version of the solar racer from scratch .
kcl is notable in that it was implemented from scratch , outside of the standard committee , solely on the basis of the specification .
d.o.r.c. describes each mission to the leader captain catgut and send the team of tom , scratch and sniff out to work .
the club welcomes the public to visit the optical lab on saturdays between 1 p.m. and 4 p.m. for the purpose of building a homemade telescope , from scratch .
platforms north of new york had to be constructed completely from scratch .
although genopolis is advanced in many ways , it is also primitive , because the citizens are served by slaves and rely on barter instead of money ; while the buildings and people are decaying because pain no longer acts as an early warning system against disease and injury , so it is very easy to die of a simple scratch .
hagelberg is the only famous finnish author to use scratch cardboard as his medium and has won a puupää hat award of the finnish comic society in 1997 .
the pair were famous for their sometimes unhealthy , but presumably very delicious , meals made from scratch .
" i 've missed three fantastic years with bolton , including promotion to the premiership twice . i 'm playing again now but it 's just like starting from scratch .
such was the complexity and depth of the stolen secrets that to check them would have required an effort almost as great as developing a similar product from scratch .
seth had been told about the attack by summer , marissa 's best friend , whom marissa had finally told about the attack after summer questioned her about the scratch marks on her neck .
dj 's were allowed to use rane mixers to compliment the ever - present technics turntables and some even used a scratch live - based routine .
she won the central american and caribbean road race championships in 2002 and in 2006 became the scratch race champion in the same games .
a scratch the width of a human hair ( 100 micrometres ) could corrupt several dozen bits , resulting in at best a pop , and far worse , a loss of synchronization of the clock and data , giving a long segment of noise until resynchronized .
the bears tried to climb the rock , but fell off , leaving their scratch marks on the sides .
a finer or softer abrasive will tend to leave much finer scratch marks which may even be invisible to the naked eye ( a " grainless finish " ) ; a softer abrasive may not even significantly abrade a certain object .
since then , " the tartan " has rebuilt its internal and external web sites from scratch .
he starts his life from scratch , living in container dwellings , finding clothes with help from the salvation army and making friends with the poor .
dell possesses plants in countries external to the united states of america , however it assembles personal computers and does not manufacture them from scratch .
so he had to start the translation effort from scratch .
a few scratch and sniff forums began by fellow collectors and more and more information came in rapidly .
the station also features disc jockeys kid scratch and nephets , and the 106 & park weekend countdown hosted by rocsi and terrence j.
in developing the athletic program after world war i , metzger did not have to start from scratch since union did not abandon its program like other colleges did during the war .
software is portable when the cost of porting it to a new platform is less than the cost of writing it from scratch .
throughout the years with epmd , scratch drove audiences into frenzies with visual and technical routines far beyond mortal djs .
he won the 15 km scratch race at the 2004 world championships .
unfortunately , a civil war and a siege of the city destroyed the garden in 1622 and pierre richer de belleval had to recreate the garden from scratch and continued working on this until his death .
it was originally formed in 1984 as a scratch team , and grew from an unremarkable english local club cricket team into , as it bills itself , the " world ’s greatest cricket club " .
women 's scratch .
in an era when many smaller teams such as forti , pacific and simtek went bankrupt , and fellow debutants mastercard lola folded almost immediately , stewart 's competent first year after building a car from scratch proved to be a welcome boost for the sport .
since they were in the minority , they had to rebuild from scratch .
miniatures and model kits are used in contemporary art whereby artists use both scratch built miniaturizations or commercially manufactured model kits to construct a dialogue between object and viewer .
it is still the only film scanner on the market that due to a special version of digital ice is able to scan kodachrome film reliably dust and scratch free .
another of the group 's trademarks was kajanus ' invention , the nickelodeon , a scratch - built contraption of pianos , synthesisers , glockenspiels , etc . that allowed the four piece band to reproduce on stage the complex acoustic arrangements that they had done in the recording studio .
final scratch was originally developed for beos , and premiered at the be developer conference in 1998 .
golden kiwi ended in 1989 with the introduction of the instant kiwi scratch card lottery .
d. boon used the " cat - scratch " technique and quick solos almost all the time , mike watt demonstrated highly skilled bass - playing , and hurley 's drumming was tight throughout .
the distribution is scratch - built as opposed to modifying one of the more popular distributions to create a new distribution .
when a single element is to be added or deleted , the update of a static data structure incurs significant costs , often comparable with the construction of the data structure from scratch .
" the boss " is the person who sends nuzzle and scratch to the job .
their goal was to build a community from scratch for people wanting to establish a lifestyle that was simple and close to nature .
along with the heptones ' " party time " and junior murvin 's " police and thieves " , this album can be seen as part of a black ark lee " scratch " perry produced " holy trinity " .
also there is an orange cue marker that simulates the stickers used by scratch dj 's .
expo ' 98 was fully built from scratch .
this is called " building from scratch " , and it adds another facet to the hobby .
diamond 's very high scratch resistance and thermal conductivity , combined with a lower coefficient of thermal expansion than pyrex glass , a coefficient of friction close to that of teflon ( polytetrafluoroethylene ) and strong lipophilicity would make it a nearly ideal non - stick coating for cookware if large substrate areas could be coated economically .
mick harris has cited discharge circa 1979 - 1984 , disorder , chaos uk , killing joke , joy division , siege , swans circa 1983 - 1995 , cocteau twins , membranes , pil , meat beat manifesto , old school & darkside jungle , drum & bass circa 1993 - 1996 , early aphex twin , skinny puppy , brian eno , zoviet france , nurse with wound , lee scratch perry , scientist , jon hassel , miles davis up to 1975 , john coltrane & alice coltrane , celtic frost , moritz von oswald & berlin dub experimentalists , deathstrike , jeff mills , rob hood , minimal , hard techno , gai , swankies , janet jackson , john zorn , kuro , electroacoustic & music concrete , found sounds , genocide , repulsion , death , kid creole and the coconuts , sho & ag , a tribe called quest as prominent inspirations .
in " it 's the thought that counts " episode # 6 cy - kill , cop - tur , crasher , geeper - creeper , pincher , and snoop attack a lab , but it is defended by leader-1 , baron von joy , blaster , dozer , dumper , road ranger , scooter , scratch and turbo .
following " crisis on infinite earths " , the entire superman mythos was rebooted from scratch in the limited series " the man of steel " .
in 2002 , mizell founded the ' scratch dj academy ' in manhattan to " provide unparalleled education and access to the art form of the dj and producer . "
characterizing brookville as a way to scratch a creative itch he ca n't quite reach with his other projects ( ivy and paco ) , singer / songwriter / multi - instrumentalist / producer chase explains , " as an artistic experience , it 's incredibly satisfying , and i do n't think there 's anything closer to my heart . "
spitkingdom were also the team behind the legendary hip hop london weekly spitkingdomhq @herbal in shoreditch between 2004 - 2007 . which saw a wealth of artist perform , such as the mixologists , killa kela , skelectrik , trip , rookwood , spider j , dj martello , and special guests including - andy c , whookid ( 50 cent ) , goldie , artful dodger , dynamite , nicky blackmarket dj cash money , kool herc , chase n status , scratch perverts , stanton warriors and more .
a.skillz kicked off 2005 in january with a mini - mix for annie mac that was later voted best mini - mix of the year by radio 1 listeners , beating industry heavyweights such as basement jaxx , mylo and scratch perverts .
despite the name , this is not a derivative of the open source cruisecontrol , but instead a new product written from scratch , which is due to be released under a proprietary license .
rotorcraft manufacturers fall into two categories , those that can design , certify and manufacture new designs from scratch and those that can only manufacture extant designs under license .
following the independence in 1945 , indonesia began to form its own modern indonesia law , not developing from scratch but with some modifications of the precepts of existing laws .
the most likely means of the discovery of aguamiel and fermented pulque was from the observation of rodents who gnaw and scratch at the plant to drink the seeping sap .
this is probably due to having been written from scratch and with security in mind ( the security issues with sendmail have long been well known ) .
he joined compaq from texas instruments , and established operations from scratch in both europe and asia .
in contrast to the reaction of bet , little brother received praises from many powerful forces within the hip hop world , such as xxl magazine , who gave the album an " xl " rating and most notably , scratch magazine , who gave it a perfect 10 out of 10 rating .
this was the second studio album by the kenyan trio , following their debut release scratch to reveal .
glass aquariums are heavier but harder to scratch .
( cd - audio + cd - rom ) , which interactive part is a behaviour object and a video scratch of 111 loops by j - j. birgé and antoine schmitt .
extenxls contains methods that can create new workbooks from scratch , allowing for the insertion of new cells containing text , and numeric data .
from a young age capital j was interested in battle djing , by the age of thirteen he was winning london , ontario 's foremost scratch competitions .
the kitbash in such cases can be as simple as painting or redecaling a model , or as complex as tearing the model down and adding scratch - built components , followed by custom decals .
chicken scratch ( also known as waila music ) is a kind of dance music developed by the tohono o'odham people .
while walking alone outside , dawn runs into amanda who has a scratch on her head and claims to have been attacked by a vampire .
it was released on october 14 , 1997 for def jam recordings and was produced by ll cool j , sean combs , the hitmen and dj scratch .
therefore , the autobahn system was brought up to better standards , new buses were ordered ( the stadtbus ) , and it was decided to buy new light rail vehicles for the hanover stadtbahn . whilst a ninth series of the tw 6000 , the stadtbahn vehicle built from 1974 to 1993 , could have technically been produced , the hanover public transport operator üstra decided to build a new vehicle from scratch , using up - to - date technology , without the necessity to make the vehicle compatible to the aged design of the tw 6000 .
scratch - off tickets .
one male north american cougar , named scratch , was two months short of his 30th birthday when he died in 2007 .
in 1989 , he lost majority control of the group and resigned , starting again from scratch .
it featured radically transformed vintage styling , but re - engineered around modern and scratch - built components : at the customer 's preference a george barris - style body could sit atop a chassis with the comfort and accessories of a modern luxury vehicle , or around the roll cage and open pipes of a salt - flats racer .
it was relatively primitive but some users found that , if configured correctly , it outperformed all subsequent versions of final scratch 1.x .
the idea behind year zero is that all culture and traditions within a society must be completely destroyed or discarded and a new revolutionary culture must replace it , starting from scratch .
it has a clamshell design , featuring a small 1.1 ” scratch - resistant , monochromatic oled external screen ( 128 x 36 pixel ) that ’s built into the phone ’s casing .
the tornado project aimed to complete the task of building the locomotive from scratch , with no recovered / restored parts , a feat never achieved in the preservation movement before , and not completed in britain for a main line locomotive since 1960 .
she has continued to work for cbbc in programs such as nuzzle and scratch , scoop and gigglebiz .
allen built a team from scratch in pre - season of the 2003–04 campaign .
monkey forms are not normally performed fast paced from start to finish as in other techniques , instead the practitioner will execute a very swift series of movements then stop to ' play ' ( which means to fidget or scratch and it usually involves nervously looking around , picking imaginary fruits or insects from off the legs , arms , ears or head and even the groin area then very quickly eating them or scooping water from an imaginary pond or stream then drinking it ) .
those " clean " engineers developed code from scratch to mimic the bios apis .
written from scratch and filling 144 pages , the " aeto " rules are the example of an extreme intent to attain impossibly perfect clarity with no ambiguity .
studio one has recorded and released music by ( and had a large hand in shaping the careers of ) artists such as the skatalites , the ethiopians , bob marley and the wailers , lee " scratch " perry , burning spear , toots & the maytals , john holt , horace andy , ken boothe , freddie mcgregor , dennis brown , jackie mittoo , gladiators , michigan & smiley , wailing souls , dillinger , delroy wilson , heptones , johnny osbourne , marcia griffiths ( of the i - threes ) , sugar minott , the abyssinians , culture , soul vendors , lone ranger , and alton ellis .
the lee " scratch " perry dub version is called " disco devil " .
there are two families of server software for the ed2k network : the original one from metamachine , written in c++ , closed - source and proprietary , and no longer maintained ; and " eserver " , written from scratch by a person named lugdunum in pure c , also closed - source and proprietary , although available free of charge and for several operating systems and computer architectures .
although " start from scratch " features r&b singer marsha ambrosius , the beat " eschews the traditional r&b vibes " for more " aural intimidation " .
steve played bass at several concerts and on the " spiral scratch " " ep " .
game 4 did n't feature very many big hits or any home runs , but it was won by the dodgers in typical scratch - and - claw fashion that defined their 1988 season .
the metal snap can scratch the finish of the weapon , or even snag it , which could interfere with the user 's ability to draw the weapon cleanly and safely .
the second message appeared across a t - shirt of a brainiac saying ' call your mum ' , and the third said ' scratch your nose ' when a sound wave hit the brainiac logo .
after leaving warp , colleen went on to completely rewrite and redraw the entire " a distant soil " series from scratch , self - publishing it for some years before moving on to image comics where it is now in multiple printings as a series of graphic novels .
do not rub and scratch the skin aggressively , as this can break the skin and leave it vulnerable to a more serious infection .
the political opposition argued against this decision , stating that the use of the municipal stadium would prevent varzim from having to buy terrain and build a new stadium from scratch , thus reducing the amount of construction to be allowed on the old stadium location , because its terrain could then be sold for much less .
for those who do not wish to scratch - build mods , there are several companies that sell transparent xbox cases and various cooling / lighting equipment for them .
in windowed mode , neko would stop at window boundaries and scratch at the edge of the window .
smokey then decides that the only way to rectify things is to scratch him out .
it is limited to 2000 copies worldwide and comes with one of five ( randomly affixed ) scratch & sniff scents ( fruit punch , campfire , firecracker , tomato , and dirt ) .
craze released his first album in 1999 , crazee musick , and a second in 2002 , scratch nerds .
the largest camp was at tomsk , which had to be rebuilt from scratch , starting in april to hold 15,000 deportees .
nuzzle and scratch are available on bbc iplayer .
after the total destruction of this institution in 1870 , however , a new collection had to be reassembled from scratch .
the ash is hard and abrasive and can quickly cause significant wear on the propellers and turbocompressor blades , and scratch the cabin windows , impairing visibility .
under his leadership , it took less than four years to achieve a maiden flight from scratch for fc-1 , a record that remains unbroken in china today , and this was achieved while yang was also the general designer of the chengdu j-10 double seated version .
a selection of 30 to 40 scratch - offs featuring louisiana , holiday , casino , and other themes are introduced yearly .
originally in development at another studio , new zealand based sidhe interactive started development from scratch when the publisher ( home entertainment suppliers ) decided to change their approach to the title .
in december 2005 , kelly won £ 2,500 on a scratch card .
" let the sewanee tiger scratch , let the yellow jacket sting , let the georgia bulldog bite , alabama still is right!and whether win or lose we smile , for that 's bama 's fighting style : you're dixie 's football pride , crimson tide!a - l - a - b - a - m - a "
on the operatic side , webster had to create a new company from scratch .
a slope rating is calculated from the difference in a bogey course rating and a scratch course rating , more commonly known as the course rating .
" i ca n’t remember when we found out what we were doing was scratch or that we were part of a movement .
by this time , it was also believed that australia did not have the capability to design a major warship from scratch , so the decision was made to select a proven foreign design and fit it with an australian - developed combat system .
layo & bushwacka ! , sander kleinenberg , danny howells , junkie xl ( live ) , hernán cattáneo , audio bullys , babasónicos , josh wink , scratch perverts , dj marky , catupecu machu 5.1 and infusion ( live ) were some of the prestigious artists that have taken part of the artistic proposal .
the first game offered by florida lottery was millionaire , a $ 1 scratch - off game with a us$ 1 million annuity prize .
in this manner , vlts can be thought of as computerized scratch - off lottery tickets .
a scratch - made beta version of the track has also been created for rfactor .
bramptonians feared urban sprawl would dissolve their town 's personality , and bramalea residents took pride in the built from scratch and organized structure that came with a new city .
some of the british dead " died without sustaining a scratch .
it was a way to start fresh and let everyone start from scratch in a way " .
the code base for limesurvey 2.0 is being completely re - written from scratch using a mvc ( model - view - controller ) approach and the php framework cakephp .
facilities , such as libraries , language rooms and science laboratories , had to be set up from scratch at all three locations , and staff had to shuttle between the three sites .
cat scratch fever .
the group released three studio albums , 1997 's " x - pressions " , 2002 's " built from scratch " and 2004 's " revolutions " .
laswell was unsatisfied with the second recording and advised that the band re - record it from scratch .
all tracks composed by lee " scratch " perry
the scratch perverts are a collective of turntablist djs from scotland , formed in 1996 by tony vegas , prime cuts and dj renegade .
this technique was named after the bullet proof scratch hamsters since quest was a member of this group .
following the 1967 season , the usa merged with the national professional soccer league to form the north american soccer league with the teams from the former usa having to create their rosters from scratch .
many , like panhala fort and rajgad existed before him but others like sindhudurg and pratapgad were built by him from scratch .
38 players will play 6 games starting from scratch
why do you scratch me on the back ?
the contestants of the show were chosen from a draw of scratch - tickets sent in by the public .
scratch and sniff .
they rose up on a huge rock , while mato tried to get up from every side , leaving huge scratch marks as he did .
it was released on june 6 , 2006 for sure shot recordings and was produced by dj scratch , the neptunes , dj blaze , prayon and mac g.
mr. scratch congratulates daniel and the contract is torn up .
ornette coleman was the curator of the 16th annual meltdown festival held in june 2009 at london 's southbank centre , following in the footsteps of previous curators including david bowie , patti smith , john peel and lee ' scratch ' perry .
from season 3 onwards sofia encouraged teens to call a help line about road safety after scratch was hit by a car placed in a comma and killed off in episode 9 of the 3rd season .
online scratch cards are played by clicking on designated areas to reveal information used to determine the card ’s prize value .
therefore the scratch is intended as an effect or for cueing a track , and is not appropriate for stopping the track by touch as it is on the other cdj models .
jackman 's earliest known musical activity was as a member of cornelius cardew 's scratch orchestra between 1969 and 1972 .
whitix ( ) is a desktop computer operating system written from scratch for the x86 architecture by matthew whitworth and others .
the 8,508-seat arena is named after gene bartow , the coach who largely built the school 's men 's basketball program from scratch over the last quarter of the 20th century .
in march 2007 , the olgc announced that it had recalled over 1,000,000 scratch and win tickets .
mac formed the bands smash mac mac , itch - e and scratch - e , boo boo and mace , the lab and the dissociatives as well as releasing records under his own name .
itch is likely to be more than a localized phenomenon in the place we scratch .
lee " scratch " perry .
los tetas was a chilean funk band , formed in 1995 by four musicians : pepino ( drums ) , rulo ( bass ) , c - funk ( guitar , keyboard and vocals ) and tea time ( scratch and vocals ) .
as the dwyka glaciers moved , grinding their way southwards , the rocks and rubble that became embedded in their belly smoothed the underlying andesite rock pavements and scoured out scratch marks , known as striations .
however stardent owned the rights to the titan and stilleto lines , so the new company had to develop new machines from scratch .
after the burning , the town council and many survivors of the destruction held a meeting in zubieta , where the devastated town dwellers decided the reconstruction of the town almost from scratch .
the track was recorded at sarm east studios in whitechapel , engineered by mickey foote and produced by lee " scratch " perry .
the temple has since been renovated from scratch and the same is being inaugurated in grand functions lasting from 4 march 2009 to 12 march 2009 .
during the period in which the pecking order is establishing , frequent and violent fights can happen , but once it is established it is only broken when other individuals are entering the group , in which case the pecking order has to be established from scratch .
anosmia can be diagnosed by doctors by using scratch - n - sniff odor tests or by using commonly available odors such as peanut butter , coffee , lemon , grape , garlic , vanilla and cinnamon .
drummond has said he was inspired by the hip - hop and scratch he was hearing regularly on john peel 's bbc radio 1 show , but looking back in 1991 he said " if you listen to it now , it sounds nothing like a hip hop record , you know , it sounds a lot more like british punk ... [ a ] punk version of a hip hop record , i suppose . "
instead of making them from scratch , most argentines simply buy them at the local bakery .
when we came here , we did n't know a single person and i did n't have any projects so i had to start from scratch .
however unofficial internationals featuring scratch teams representing scotland continued .
there is something very attractive in this imperfect and undone scratch that is very near to a state that invites us to shared ascesis ”
the most well known adobe_flash music videos for music bands leningrad ( band ) , stu , skafandr band , multfilmy , scratch , robin vood .
in addition to these kits , numerous manufacturers sell individual supplies for super detailing , scratch building , and kitbashing .
large professor makes a reference to his falling out with sir scratch and k - cut on a tribe called quest 's third album " midnight marauders " .
a two - position tang safety and redesigned trigger system were also designed from scratch .
scratch in april 2004 .
stored inside the file is a mono copy of the song playable in standard players , a high quality scratch live version of the song , id3 meta data , full visual track overview and bpm of the song .
she defeated him and accused him of serving mephisto , but in reply scratch called down his true new master dormammu .
a subprogram may find it useful to make use of a certain amount of " scratch " space ; that is , memory used during the execution of that subprogram to hold intermediate results .
though the game 's director " deliberately created " bayonetta " from scratch " and has called its story " completely original " , he has admitted using " some names from scandinavian mythology " and playing " about half of " " devil may cry 4 " for research .
the advent of the naca laminar flow aerofoil sections in the early 1950s prompted slingsby to start from scratch , designing a large aircraft with nearly 18 m three - part wings and a large fuselage with spacious comfortable cockpits .
all eight generals who remained at athens , thrasyllus among them , sailed out with this scratch fleet ; none is known to have served as supreme commander .
by purchasing tickets players could scratch off and win a chance on the show , which is filmed in detroit .
scratch you out .
the original crizal coating specialized in anti - reflective technology , smudge resistance and scratch resistance .
between 324 and 330 , constantine built , virtually from scratch , a new imperial capital at byzantium on the bosphorus ( it came to be named for him : constantinople)–the city employed overtly christian architecture , contained churches within the city walls ( unlike " old " rome ) , and had no pagan temples .
tim played his part by writing a carrier bundle from scratch to natively support iphone mms and tethering on his network o2 uk .
roger thinks he has seen her before and soon realizes that he saw her working as an s&m dancer at the cat scratch club .
tracks 6–9 are from sessions with lee " scratch " perry , july – august 1977 .
so they were torn down and first houses was built from scratch , employing re - used bricks and dozens of workers on relief paid for by the federal government .
more importantly , 130s were no longer built from " cut - and - shut " 110s , but had dedicated chassis built from scratch .
uriah , the school bully , and his gang play a prank involving firecrackers that puts the girls in harms way , but after a bit of taranee 's quick thinking and unidentified powers , the girls get off without a scratch .
during the same event he would also win the 120 yard dubbo gift after starting a yard behind scratch , displaying his much - publicised speed .
it 's enough data to create a whole person from scratch .
they knew that diamond could scratch quartz , so showing it to be harder .
the second player will also be able to port any experience , renown and gold to their own " fable ii " hero via a memory card if they have imported their character and not created the henchman from scratch .
the lens had a bad scratch in it , making it useless .
the scratch awl is preferred for long grain layout .
in this new guise , patsy focuses her efforts on combating occult evils , notably nicholas scratch ( who had based himself in her hometown , centerville ) and dormammu .
his music has been remixed by mad decent artists buraka som sistema , diplo , as well as drop the lime , scratch perverts , and fellow act caspa .
a small diseased girl prophesies that a man bringing the jaguar will bring the raiders to those who will scratch out the earth and end their world .
while some homebrew pads use custom electronics built from scratch , most homebrew pads make use a circuit board from a standard controller to simplify the process of interfacing the pad with a gaming system .
it can be caused by infections ( usually following infections such as herpes simplex virus , influenza , mumps , cat - scratch fever , histoplasmosis , epstein - barr virus , mycoplasma pneumoniae or similar ) , adverse effects of drugs ( allopurinol , diclofenac , etravirine , isotretinoin , aka accutane , fluconazole , valdecoxib , sitagliptin , oseltamivir , penicillins , barbiturates , sulfonamides , phenytoin , azithromycin , modafinil , lamotrigine , nevirapine , pyrimethamine , ibuprofen , ethosuximide , carbamazepine and gout medications ) , malignancy ( carcinomas and lymphomas ) , or idiopathic factors ( up to 50% of the time ) .
by the smooth switching between two different scratch forms in
brown has published the nonfiction " starting from scratch : a different kind of writer 's manual " and the autobiographies " rita will : memoir of a literary rabble - rouser " and " animal magnetism - my life with creatures great and small . "
the trio 's first single " drop the bomb ( ak-48 ) " on their own scratch city records in 1996 became a dancefloor hit in the uk and miami .
the studio later discarded the original " the passion of the ark " script completely , and oedekerk fashioned a new script from scratch ( only he received final credit on the finished film as screenwriter ) .
in 2005 , dunn won the time trial , sprint , individual pursuit and scratch race events in the under 15 australian national track championships .
building up an arsenal including a jumpsuit , a flight pack and time control - based weaponry , and using his modified nickname as an alternate identity , hamilton began to steal the components he required to built a solar ray cannon , since he had neither time nor resources to construct it from scratch .
inspired by experimental ' 60s music ensemble scratch orchestra , free - jazz musician alan silva 's celestial communication orchestra and glenn branca 's guitar symphonies , crimewave has organized five " guitarkestras , " featuring an orchestra of up to 100 seasoned and novice volunteer guitarists .
they are prepared in one of three ways , depending on the store operator 's preference : 1 ) freezer - to - oven , also known as fto , where the rolls are pre - made in a factory and sent to the stores frozen ; 2 ) prepared dough , where the dough is received frozen , then is thawed and made into rolls on location ; and 3 ) from scratch , where stores still make the dough fresh in a mixer from flour , a proprietary base mix of dry ingredients , margarine , yeast , etc .
they are one of the few types of speakers in which the transducers themselves can be built from scratch by an amateur .
turgutlu has been reconstructed from the scratch and is today an industrial base structured under the chamber of industry founded in 1926 .
in addition , the plastic sleeves can develop kinks or creases in the surface , which will scratch away at the emulsion during handling .
australian newsagents ' federation is a chain of newsagencies in australia , selling lottery tickets , stationery , magazines , birthday cards , confectionery , newspapers and scratch cards .
by the 1970s , taylor had entirely sold all but a few of his theatres to famous players , yet he started a new theatre chain from scratch , with garth drabinsky co - founding cineplex odeon cinemas .
rudolph 's design for the university of massachusetts dartmouth is an example of an entire campus designed from scratch in the brutalist style .
during the next 36 years , starting almost from scratch at an age when most men are permanently set in their chosen vocations , he cut 113 fonts of type , thereby creating more usable faces than did the seven greatest inventors of type and books , from gutenberg to garamond . "
black tree monitors in the wild are reported to be nervous and high - strung ; they will flee if threatened and if handled carelessly will scratch , bite , and defecate on the offender .
students involved in the production department learn card making techniques such as iris folding , chicken scratch , spirella , quilling , cross - stitch , teabag folding , and embossing .
chicken scratch dance is based on the " walking two step " or the " walking polka " and the emphasis is on ( a ) very smooth gliding movement " ; dancers may also perform the mazurka or the chote , though no matter the style , it is always performed counterclockwise .
decryption of the " code " has been started from scratch .
they bite , scratch , and claw at him until he stumbles out of a window and falls to his death .
does not have to be computed from scratch ( which in general is expensive ) ,
he was soon playing better than his father ( and his older brother , dirk ) , and by the age of 14 he was a scratch handicap .
this engine was designed and coded from scratch by relic in order to make use of special graphical effects , including high dynamic range lighting , dynamic lighting & shadows , advanced shader effects and normal mapping .
it was built from scratch , starting in 1878 , to provide housing and social services for the workers in a cotton textile factory erected on the banks of the river adda .
z - trip is featured in the 2001 documentary scratch and also starred in " how to rock a party " showing off some technique .
in the same year , the movie " scratch " ( 2001 , doug pray ) was released to dvd with dj shadow appearing several times throughout the movie .
another indian description written in the beginning of the 3rd century describes strength , regularity , brilliance , ability to scratch metals , and good refractive properties as the desirable qualities of a diamond .
" spiral scratch " is a four - track ep by the british punk rock band buzzcocks , recorded in 1976 and released in january 1977 .
although commercially prepared and prepackaged lei cha can be bought , the drink is usually made " from scratch " just as it is about to be consumed .
can be made from scratch , a bit of well seasoned nuka from an older batch is
spiral scratch " turned my head around . " .
for contestants to appear on the show , they must have bought an " illinois instant riches"/"illinois ' luckiest " scratch - off ticket from an illinois lottery retailer .
she immediately rips open that you offer to her with a large needle ( which gives you no more pain than a common scratch ) and puts into the vein as much venom as can lye upon the head of her needle , and after binds up the little wound with a hollow bit of shell , and in this manner opens four or five veins ....
spaceport america is the first built - from - scratch commercial spaceport in the world .
the format is 36 holes pro - am , four - ball stroke play at scratch .
isi listened to the fans and fixed almost every single aspect from previous versions , most noticeable was the sound which proved to be the most realistic to date , it was later improved in 2004 in a 3rd party mod release ; also the cars models were changed and made from scratch for this release to make them more realistic .
the lottery 's first game was the scratch - off ticket lone star millions , with the first ticket sold to gov. ann richards at polk 's feed store in oak hill .
although the music was that of holly 's , renzetti taught the actors to play their instruments , sing the songs from scratch , and act as a performing group .
alec and crew attack , surprising galdo that they can even scratch him .
dessa fox in the nme tried a similar hype when she suggested that scratch video was a televisual punk rock " .
this means that a scratch on either surface of a dvd is not as likely to reach the reflective layer and expose it to environmental contamination and perhaps to cause corrosion , perhaps progressive corrosion .
usually because it is a guaranteed scratch or because it has a low percentage of being pocketed and is likely to leave the opponent in good position .
the album was produced by q - tip and jay dee ( as the ummah ) , and dj scratch .
atypical cat scratch disease takes several different forms depending on organ systems involved .
he was the first scratch golfer in the midlands and a founder member of worcestershire golf club .
when i - cat is in listening mode , you can " scratch " along to the
instead of starting from scratch , mahathir advised fernandes to buy an existing airline instead .
milada had to learn the czech nearly from scratch .
the novel 's climax occurs in a nightclub , " scratch " .
over the years , davenport / second family has included billy lee ( aka lliam ian , crystal dragon , wormsblood ) , t endless ( pan to scratch , drunjus , craig microcassette system ) , nico kain ( apaculus , wormsblood ) , clay ruby ( jex thoth , burial hex , wormsblood , hintergedanken ) , dan woodman ( [ drunjus ] ) , theresa behnen , tyler olsen , jonathan matthews , clay kolbinger ( maths balance volumes ) , lyx ish , db pedersen , dms ( craig microcassette system ) , nic stage ( wormsblood ) , karen eliot ( the mumber toes , hintergedanken , dragon faggot ) , john gould , justin may , jon stage , jerod annoye , beau devereaux ( anvil dome ) , andy knackert , jessica non popa , aaron laurant ( cult of hypnos ) , corey bushcott , azrael zanon - stage , david libert , joanne powers , sven bolan , smith baker , ivan calderon , daeve ross , richard remington , cyrus andreas , jacob tibbs , nick johnson , kelly shippey , dave 3000 , ivan mairesse , max elliott ( absinthe minds ) , mike schultz , johnny danielson ( jex thoth ) , nathaniel ritter , troy schafer , as well as collaborations with friendly outsiders such as : peaking lights , spiral joy band , the skaters , tomutonttu , jooklo duo , glenn donaldson , lau nau , maths balance volumes , hush arbors , absinthe minds , relentless corpse , islaja , wooden wand and the vanishing voice , mumber toes , nautical almanac ( band ) , anla courtis , cult of hypnos and takuri tali .
" melody maker " ( 10/18/97 , p. 53 ) - " ... full of scratch - tastic heavy beat , gold plated hip hop which manages to combine the minimalist ground - breaking sugar hill sounds with the show - no - mercy aural assault of the then - emerging public enemy . "
grandmaster flash scratch mixed " rapture " on his single " the adventures of grandmaster flash on the wheels of steel " .
this review works free of the constraints of the existing organization , including the constraints of policy and law , as if there is no " as - is " organization and the review team is creating business processes from scratch to meet the business requirements .
hikers , it says , should not only be aware of what they put their poles into , they should remove the pole baskets unless hiking in snow and use rubber tips to avoid scratch marks on rocks .
this series is very much a slapstick type comedyespecially with the incredibly melodramatic explosions and quirky story linesbut sonic is always portrayed as being skilled and clever , whereas scratch and grounder are clumsy and often serve as robotnik 's foil .
claws will continue to grow following tendonectomy , and because the cat can no longer extend the claws to scratch , the cat will not wear down the claws as before .
question : here was a man with ability , knowledge and talent , who built up a company from scratch and made it possible for it to own a magnificent fleet of ships , now ranking amongst the first five which today sail the seas .
apart from a couple of visits by wigan st. judes playing against scratch sides at the end of the rugby union season there was little activity in the area until a group of friends advertised on the rlfans.com website in 2001 aiming to form a club to join the rugby league conference .
