the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
mother and father move to atlantic city to escape the scrutiny of the townspeople .
such conversations are a mundane part of our daily lives and , archer suggests , this very ‘ everyday’ quality may account for the process involved attracting such little theoretical or empirical scrutiny .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
jade gatt was not immune to scrutiny either , when he would pose as a news reporter called " dick wadd " in one of their segments .
it has faced scrutiny for its close connection to its private clients , particularly in relation to tobacco research , as it maintained a research program funded by philip morris .
entertainment weekly " said that hawke " opens himself to rough literary scrutiny in " the hottest state " .
first , ferdinand had rushed the article on " ecclesiastical reservation " through the debate ; it had not undergone the scrutiny and discussion that attended the wide - spread acceptance and support of " cuius regio , eius religio " .
in egypt , refugee communities formed at the edges of population centers , far enough away to be safe from imperial scrutiny .
nobody was safe from " confidential ’s " scrutiny , and the articles hurt the stars whether the allegations were true or not .
after the 1990s brought end of the cold war , western concern over communism waned , and suharto 's human rights record came under greater international scrutiny .
the idea that resistin links obesity to t2dm is now under even more scrutiny as recent investigations have confirmed a rather vast expression of resistin in many tissues rather than those only characteristic of obesity such as adipocytes .
ikl came under increasing scrutiny from government and was subject to two laws designed to arrest its progress .
he has been critizised for raising obscene amounts of money through his religious media projects , and scrutiny of these projects has discovered that the funds he raises for charity are scantily spent on the purposes for which they are raised .
in order to ensure that the first foundation would be created , seldon and the psychohistorians of trantor placed the commissioner linge chen ( then actual if not crowned emperor ) under intense scrutiny , as well as mentalic influence in order to achieve their aims .
because of this , the nutritionally - enriched product has become not just a competitor for other milk - based drinks , but also faces scrutiny from supporters of natural milk consumption , including breastfeeders , and is known to be given to one - year - old infants .
the conclave was also the first to feature accessus voting ( votes cast " in accessit " ) , derived from a practice of the roman senate , where a cardinal could change their vote after an unsuccessful scrutiny to any cardinal already receiving votes .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
yeager and the other members of the group , now under increasing government scrutiny , resolve to continue their efforts and to go " underground " to continue the fight against the system .
this latter view sorted laws into categories that demanded deference toward other branches of government in the economic sphere , but aggressively heightened scrutiny with respect to fundamental civil and political liberties .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
under fbi scrutiny .
he ties this into his perceived overall inability to keep himself together even as he grows into an increasingly prominent figure in the public eye with lyrics like , " i feel the pressure , under more scrutiny /
along with the increased scrutiny of donations there has been a long term contraction in party memberships in a number of western democracies which itself places more strains on funding .
on 5 february 2008 , the standing committee on scrutiny and constitutional affairs of the parliament of norway recommended that a commission be named to investigate and , if warranted , prosecute for impeachment three of the norwegian supreme court justices who presided over the cases of fritz moen , a victim of miscarriage of justice .
in november , alpha tau omega once again found itself under intense scrutiny when the mu chapter caused more than $ 10,000 worth of damage to a lake of the ozarks resort during the weekend of november 12–13 .
the level crossing will now be protected by a barrier system which has been subject to much scrutiny by local residents .
in season 4 , dr. venture 's illegal cloning farm being revealed has placed him under intense o.s.i. scrutiny , but this does n't stop various organizations from seeking to force him to clone their leaders , such as hitler .
peter forde 's paper " a scientific scrutiny of ot iii " ( which also covers scientologists ' belief in the ancient galactic ruler xenu ) analyzes the matter in detail .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
however , since the contract only promised to " bring to the house floor the following bills , each to be given full and open debate , each to be given a clear and fair vote and each to be immediately available this day for public inspection and scrutiny " , the contract did accomplish its promises , even if some bills failed in votes or fell to presidential vetoes .
at that time , a distinction was made between so - called legitimate theatre , which could be performed in royally - sanctioned theatres , and the more lowbrow street theatre , which did not undergo the scrutiny of royal censors .
the original method proposed by falk and rubinstien fell under scrutiny in 1989 , when ott showed the equivalence of hrr to the classical rr method demonstrating the hrr holds only when there is zero chance of recombination between disease locus and its markers .
joe insists on having an attending to stitch walter 's head up and burke successfully pulls off the makeshift surgery under the intense scrutiny of george , who earlier witnessed one of burke 's hand tremors .
when requirements to support the british pacific fleet were piled on top of american demands and an increasing tight army manpower situation , cannan protested the " lavishness and extravagance which characterised us demands whilst the australian services ' demands were being subjected to rigid scrutiny and economies " , citing examples , and urged that economies be made on goods and services supplied to allied countries .
as the capps was only for luggage , the three hijackers did not undergo any extra scrutiny at the passenger security checkpoint .
that he documented his work to encourage scrutiny of his facts was a testament to his due diligence , work ethic and commitment to not only african people , but the world , its history and culture .
backman has written widely about the ills faced by asia ’s economies , arguing for greater scrutiny and transparency and denouncing official corruption .
the appearance of pupils is assessed prior to each house 's outing in the competition , areas of scrutiny include ; i ) the polishing of parade shoes , ii ) tidiness of ceremonial blues ( the school 's parade uniform ) , iii ) correct alignment of uniform .
the return of sharon six years later in 2001 became a seminal moment for the show , eclipsed only by the intense media scrutiny surrounding den ’s return two years later .
airport surveillance video from washington 's dulles airport shows four of the five hijackers , including salem al - hazmi , being pulled aside to undergo additional scrutiny after setting off metal detectors .
his performance as a reviewer of philosophy books and his understanding of the kind of philosophy taught in british and american universities has come under critical scrutiny by academic philosophers , as highlighted in " the chronicle of higher education " itself
the union for environmental defense has criticized the fund 's forestry practices for " overreliance on highly flammable pine trees " and overuse of toxic herbicides , in the context of minimal government and public scrutiny .
as parliamentarian young has served on the standing committees for public accounts and scrutiny of regulations , and worked with opposition members to create an ad hoc parliamentary committee which addresses the concerns of the aerospace industry .
omani arab colonization of the kenyan and tanzanian coasts brought the once independent city - states under closer foreign scrutiny and domination than was experienced during the portuguese period .
election eligibility : " supreme election board " head muammer aydin claims that after the scrutiny of the candidates in terms of their eligibility , the election board decided that erbakan and former dep ( democratic society party ) parliamentarians ( orhan doğan , selim sadak and hatip dicle ) , who was jailed after being found guilty of supporting the pkk , ( a militant group recognized as a terrorist organization by a number of states and organizations , including the usa , nato , and the eu ) .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
after his return to england in 1626 he came under the company 's scrutiny for irregular or illegal private trading .
also , the city of montreal issued a list of a few overpasses under its own responsibility , citing that those were also under close scrutiny and closed to overweight traffic .
the committee undertakes a scrutiny , policy development and consultation role with respect to the office of the first minister and deputy first minister and plays a key role in the consideration and development of legislation .
however , under scrutiny , his allegations , and the reports issued with his collaborators , became the subject of much criticism in the media .
on 22 october 2007 , nominated member of parliament siew kum hong tabled a petition to the parliament of the republic of singapore in support of the repeal of section 377a. a petition is required to pass through the scrutiny of the public petitions committee in order for the issue to be fully debated in parliament .
the 2008 presidential campaign of barack obama , a black united states senator , brought a heightened level of scrutiny to the bradley effect , as observers searched for signs of the effect in comparing obama 's polling numbers to the actual election results during the democratic primary elections .
the letter has come under scrutiny , and fitzgerald asked miller about it during her grand jury testimony .
with roberts 's nomination to the supreme court in 2005 , the positions he advocated at the time have come under increased scrutiny , particularly as they related to the emotional issues surrounding abortion .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
" hawaiki " had a tremendous impact on the popular view of māori history , becoming the authorised version until relatively recent times when its authenticity came under scrutiny in the writings of david simmons ( 1976 ) and m.p.k. sorrensen ( 1979 ) .
central " balancing test , the heightened scrutiny for exactions of private property articulated in " nollan " and " dolan " as well as the 2 categorical per se rules from " lucas " and " loretto " still apply in narrow circumstances .
the replies to visitor questions in english may appear prone to hypocritical suggestions , such as not to take the qur'an out of context , followed by uninvited scrutiny of christian texts from the bible which are taken out of context and misquoted .
the business of selling servicing rights for mortgages is a multi - billion dollar international industry which has come under great fire and scrutiny in recent months .
in that same month , sócrates ' " licenciatura " degree in civil engineering by " universidade independente " was put under enormous public scrutiny .
candidate referees for the finals were placed under scrutiny from 2005 onwards and attended a series of training camps .
he came under scrutiny , however , for favorable treatment reportedly meted out to fugitive banker raúl moneta in the form of forbearance towards a us$ 26 million tax debt ; moneta had earlier fled the country on racketeering changes .
the court observed that the president was subjected to constant scrutiny by the press .
five years later , in " adarand constructors , inc. v. peña " he concurred in the court 's judgment and in part with the opinion which extended strict scrutiny to federal programs .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
the state department argued that the indonesian government would view judicial scrutiny of the company 's conduct as a referendum on the human rights record of the indonesian armed forces , which would dissuade it from cooperating with the united states in counter terrorism .
in 1997 , the first widely recorded bark mitzvah was celebrated , receiving scrutiny and disapproval from several rabbis .
there have also been cases of unreasonable deportation and visa rejection against filipino americans , and greater scrutiny when re - entering the united states from mexico and canada , even for native - born us citizens .
in february 2010 , after several videoclips featuring the anti - buddhist , anti - taoist and anti - gay remarks of rony tan , the senior pastor of lighthouse evangelism , ignited a public firestorm in singapore , followed by a visit from the internal security department and several police reports , pastor yang tuck yoong wrote a letter to his church warning that the ‘ most recent attack’ by the gay community and its supporters was “ a reminder of the continual scrutiny and the pressure that the church will face in the coming years ” .
in " united states v. virginia " justice ruth bader ginsburg , writing for the court , eschewed the traditional language of intermediate scrutiny for sex - based discrimination and instead demanded that litigants articulate an " exceedingly persuasive " argument to justify this kind of discrimination .
in this approach , differences may be identified for further scrutiny , which can involve nutritional , toxicological and immunological testing .
park has faced much scrutiny over an educational foundation , formerly known as buil ( after the stock it controls in the newspaper busan ilbo ) , which her father and later she headed .
in the face of this scrutiny , hodges backed down ; the children were released after three months in detention .
kanjorksi has come under scrutiny for several comments he has made during the recent congress , including his quote that the democrats stretched the facts on the iraq war to provide a bigger advantage during the 2006 election cycle .
the story of his firing was picked up in various news sources across the internet and was used as an example of increased scrutiny of employee blogging and vlogging by companies that has led to firings .
in the late 1960s , such programs came under media and congressional scrutiny because the u.s .- provided equipment and personnel were linked to cases of torture , murder and " disappearances " in argentina , brazil , and uruguay .
the court ruled in a 5 - 4 decision that redistricting based on race must be held to a standard of strict scrutiny under the equal protection clause .
the failure on briand of the office of special projects forces the secretive agency into the limelight and they must brace for public scrutiny and increased oversight .
" the album is presented in a chronicled assembly dividing it into two phases : ' ioldánach 's pedagogy ' and ' the cythrául klan 's scrutiny ' .
some historians view the hwandan gogi as worthy of further scholarly scrutiny , believing that it is at least partly based on historically valuable , ancient ( if not literally accurate ) texts .
both leg transitions ( swimming — cycling and cycling — running ) were performed on a special transition area , under judge 's scrutiny .
it could not pass the test of strict judicial scrutiny .
he developed concepts of plant morphology and classification , which did not withstand the scientific scrutiny of the renaissance .
as with most lurid tales of native cannibalism , these stories are treated with a great deal of scrutiny , as accusations of cannibalism were often used as justifications for the subjugation or destruction of " savages . "
in 2004 , allied came under scrutiny .
all gathered data , including experimental / environmental conditions , are expected to be documented for scrutiny and made available for peer review , thereby allowing further experiments or studies to be conducted to confirm or falsify results , as well as to determine other important factors such as statistical significance , confidence intervals , and margins of error .
if the abnormality requires closer scrutiny , the patient may be referred for detailed inspection of the cervix by colposcopy .
peña is also known for the case " adarand constructors , inc. v. peña " , which overruled " metro broadcasting v. fcc " , and held that all cases dealing with racial classifications must be reviewed using " strict scrutiny . "
while the dutch raid was a major concern in itself , pepys was personally placed under a different kind of pressure : the navy board , and his role as clerk of the acts , came under scrutiny from the public and from parliament .
the legality of the pardon decree is still under scrutiny .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
in some cases these firms are n't held to public scrutiny especially if the us government is n't directly handling the contract like one case where dyncorp allegedly provided unsuitable police on its behalf to the un .
on 5 february 2008 , the standing committee on scrutiny and constitutional affairs of the norwegian parliament recommended that a commission be named to investigate and , if warranted , prosecute for impeachment three of the norwegian supreme court justices who presided over the moen cases .
the airline came under heavy scrutiny after this tragedy , since a dominicana dc-3 on a domestic flight had also crashed only three days before , killing all twelve passengers on board .
lambert first fell under fbi scrutiny in connection with its comintern apparatus investigation .
forgers typically focus on the lower priced artworks of major artists , for though they offer less returns , they are subject to much less scrutiny .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
currently the hospital is not subject to scrutiny though international healthcare accreditation .
in june 2006 , the force was declared effective and efficient by her majesty 's inspectorate after five years of intense scrutiny .
it 's just going to be a way of pumping material into the debate that hasn't been through scrutiny " .
in parliament he was a member of the european scrutiny select committee for three years from 2001 and has served as the parliamentary private secretary to the secretary of state for the environment , food and rural affairs 2003 - 2006 and foreign secretary 2006 - 2007 margaret beckett and lord high chancellor and secretary of state for justice 2007 - 2008 jack straw .
as a result , professional musicians tend to use actual vintage valve amps for recordings , because the recorded sound will have to stand up to greater scrutiny from listeners and critics .
many defects remained in the district administration act 1979 , even after a long legislative scrutiny .
the project fell under intense public scrutiny , as actual revenue from the motor vehicle excise tax that was to pay for the line fell as much as 30% under projected income , while projected costs rose by as much as 10% .
most bsl will survive the minimum scrutiny analysis allowed by the due process clauses of the constitution ’s fifth and fourteenth amendments because there is no fundamental right at issue .
later he was to attack murry viciously , in the pages of " scrutiny " .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
there are presently two joint committees , the standing joint committee on the scrutiny of regulations , which considers delegated legislation , and the standing joint committee on the library of parliament which advises the two speakers on the management of the library .
at least one of the amendments has come under a large amount of public scrutiny , the amendments to the crimes act 1914 , and the criminal code 1995 to change the way the crime of sedition is handled .
as mentioned in a report presented to medway council 's community services overview and scrutiny committee on 28 march 2006 , the new library opened in late summer ( 2006 ) .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
it was also during the 1970s that vario began to come under greater scrutiny from the fbi .
meanwhile , kukai 's new esoteric teachings and literature drew scrutiny from a noted scholar - monk of the time named tokuitsu , who traded letters back and forth in 815 asking for clarification .
venezuela 's president , hugo chávez , came under increasing scrutiny as he began selling heating oil at lower - than - market prices to poor u.s. consumers and to island nations in the caribbean such as cuba .
a special reference as to the initiation of inquisitorial proceedings was also made by the supreme court , to facilitate this epistolary proceedings ( " suo moto cognizance " ) , a public interest litigation cell has been opened in the supreme court to which letters addressed to the court or individual judges are forwarded which are placed before the chief justice after scrutiny by the staff attached to the cell .
it will provide scrutiny and review of the allowances scheme for members of parliament .
myers ' poor performance received arguably the most scrutiny , based on management 's decision to move him back to the rotation from the bullpen after the 2007 season .
-portents in the north : radiation in lapland : a comprehensive scrutiny of the terrain of sweden and norway irradiated by the chernobyl catastrophe fallout – he felt had to be in this damaged place , one that might stand as a bellwether for yet worse ; and , to be amidst the sámi whose culture was sorely bruised ; radiation maps acted as guides . [ 1988 ]
the goals of the broadcasts were the deterrence of future crime and improved public scrutiny of jail procedures .
under heavy scrutiny for costs and effectiveness , boeing has had to reiterate that p28 was a test program .
in awarding him the prize , the swedish academy praised his work " for having united perceptive narrative and incorruptible scrutiny in works that compel us to see the presence of suppressed histories . "
these claims have later come under scrutiny , but the fact has not stopped the flow of new caballo de troya 's books .
in 2005 the ministry of foreign affairs came under scrutiny for the handling of the 2004 indian ocean earthquake , a natural disaster that gravely affected norwegian citizens abroad .
the goal was to articulate a faith that could stand the test of academic scrutiny in broader society while also carefully upholding traditional beliefs of the church .
biggar by - election campaign came under intense scrutiny from reform party candidate jim mcallister .
the central park , which is about , and comprises banabitan administered by the forest department , the statues of netaji subhas chandra bose and swami vivekananda and kaji najrul islam , a central store of the urban development department , has already been subjected to a greater scrutiny by the kmda ( kolkata metropolitan development authority ) .
by careful scrutiny , of these terms of ridicule and in the unintelligent manner of their usage , huntington ’s position becomes untenable , said continued “
controversies and federal scrutiny .
the u.s. army has undergone a great amount of scrutiny for its treatment of returning veterans wounded in iraq or afghanistan in particular at walter reed army medical center .
for any abridgment of those rights to be constitutional , the court has held , the legislation must pass strict scrutiny .
this put the system under closer public scrutiny and government control .
zappa provides the voice of the " central scrutinizer " character — a mechanical voice that narrates the story and haunts joe 's psyche with mccarthyistic 50s - era discouragement and " scrutiny . "
ann smith is vice chair children and young people scrutiny committee
over the 2004 - 2006 period a number of financial or finite reinsurance transactions attracted regulatory scrutiny , notably from new york attorney general eliot spitzer , due to the concern that their primary result was to distort and manage accounting presentation rather than to transfer risk .
to date , the " cahiers " have been published in their entirety only as photostatic reproductions , and , only since 1980 , have they begun to receive scholarly scrutiny .
his defense argued that making the data accessible to scrutiny by the general public negated its military value and made it acceptable to transport outside the united states .
the latter allowed popular songs after a 1564 edict from ferdinand i , which allowed the bishops to use them only after close scrutiny .
they can insert them into spending bills during closed committee meetings , with no public scrutiny .
myers ' poor performance received arguably the most scrutiny , based on management 's decision to move him back to the rotation from the bullpen after the 2007 season .
in 2005 , goodwill industries of the columbia willamette ( gicw ) , goodwill 's portland , oregon branch , came under scrutiny due to executive compensation that the oregon attorney general 's office concluded was " unreasonable " .
eastern iowa , in the days before mass communication , was a neighborhood unto itself , and once young hal came under the scrutiny of the st. louis cardinals , miller wasted no time in telling the young man to wait a bit until connie mack could weigh in .
the radical approach to rhetoric of science looks at the rhetorical process itself , and as such , it involves treating scientific texts as an object of rhetorical scrutiny .
this includes scrutiny of documents supporting the application .
while they are seen dancing in front of running printing presses throughout most of the video , intercut with face shots and some male dancers , close shots of the paper 's pages reveal the background of the page - one catchline ' girlband shocker ' : each of them has to deal with intense media scrutiny , including rumors of alleged bisexuality , incest , and physical aggression , among others .
though few studies have been published concerning the health of black canadians , health disparities between whites and blacks in the u.s. have received intense scrutiny .
the cat program was the subject of some media scrutiny , with rocha and other " all - american boys " involved in such violent crimes .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
not wanting to take on the scrutiny that plagued time warner , mca too initially refused to distribute many of interscope 's death row releases ; most notably " all eyez on me " , the much anticipated forthcoming death row debut album by tupac shakur , which was later certified diamond in the u.s. this forced death row and interscope to strike a deal with island records to distribute that particular album outside of its home base .
four of the paper locals were dissolved to avoid committee scrutiny , several teamster staffers were charged with contempt of congress , and union records were lost or destroyed ( allegedly on purpose ) , and wiretaps were played in public before a national television audience in which dio and hoffa discussed the creation of even more paper locals .
the exemptions from the scrutiny of films and publications by the board have been severely limited .
these policies define employee use that is appropriate and other uses that are subject to scrutiny .
powell 's role in the blair downing street came under close scrutiny during the hutton inquiry , held following the death of dr david kelly in 2003 .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
in addition , the most important condition was that every country to join the plan would need to have its economic situation independently assessed , scrutiny to which the soviets could not agree .
there is , arguably , a fourth level of scrutiny for equal protection cases .
prior to the exclusion , simonsen had faced scrutiny due to a " rikets tilstand " documentary on tv2 , alleging that he had used his position as representative to help a friend obtain a liquor license .
this resulted in the plans being approved and 20 vessels ordered without serious scrutiny of the new design .
in december 2007 the one world trust published the most recent of the three organisations ' joint report " a world of difference : parliamentary oversight of british foreign policy " , which focuses on the practical experiences and problems with parliamentary oversight of global security , responses to conflict and scrutiny of uk policy towards the european union .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
korematsu is the origin of the " strict scrutiny " standard , which is applied , with great controversy , in government considerations of race since the 1989 adarand decision .
" zoic studios , the cg - rendering company that produced the graphics for the series , had to perform a complete overhaul of their computer model of " serenity " , as the television model would not stand up to the high - definition scrutiny of cinema screens ( and high - definition video resolution ) .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
in 2005 , after eleven months of scrutiny , the cause for gallegos beatification was opened by bishop william weigand .
the existing 28 sports in the summer olympics programme came under scrutiny , three years after a similar attempt failed to gain support from ioc members during the 114th ioc session in mexico city .
the infanta forbade them to curtsey , and they were forced to make a subtle gesture somewhere between a curtsey and a nervous wriggle , in order to pass the gimlet scrutiny of both their mother and the duke of windsor .
when mrs christie returned with amnesia it only fuelled the interest of the media and subjected the family to closer scrutiny .
many of the letters were censored by the court during the trial , because they dealt with subjects such as menstruation and orgasm , subjects that were not considered fit for public discussion and which may in part account for the decision to keep them from public scrutiny for 100 years .
whether a statute is constitutional is primarily decided based upon the level of scrutiny applied by courts .
also , recent trials of the hiv drug nevirapine have come under intense scrutiny and criticism .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
a week later , marsh 's action was again under scrutiny when he played his second shield match against victoria in melbourne .
since then , her actions as michael 's boss have come under scrutiny from the scranton employees , who have accused her in interviews of taking her anger out on michael , and possibly the branch .
the 11 attacks brought this strategy of pakistan under increased international scrutiny .
the trials of guantanamo bay suspects have also been subjected to a gag order , which has hindered public scrutiny .
the ordinary buyer does not usually make such scrutiny nor does he usually have the time to do so … .
once all of the ballots have been opened , the final post - scrutiny phase begins .
however , part of the evidence for this was typological , and wurm stated that he did not expect it to stand up well to scrutiny .
instead , the authors subject the netherlands and the dutch to an irreverent and unmerciful scrutiny .
hull came under much scrutiny from the victorian college of the arts student union ( vcasu ) during her tenure as director , particularly during the implementation of the controversial melbourne model .
but two years after his death , kuralt 's personal reputation came under scrutiny when a decades - long companionship with a montana woman named pat baker was made public .
" pemphis " is a possibly unispecific genus of maritime plants in family lythraceae , represented by the type species , described in 1775 , " pemphis acidula " ( other species listed here , upon further scrutiny , may or may not be ajudged classifiable under " pemphis " , but for the purposes of this article , " pemphis " species are referred to as plural ) .
the warsaw academy of fine arts , being the most important artistic institution in poland , came under special scrutiny from the ministry of art and culture , which administered all major decisions in the field at the time .
the developer immediately came under scrutiny from members of the community , who were wary of the past two failed attempts to redevelop the downtown area .
though based only loosely on the prior accounts of the " experiment " , it served to bring the core elements of the original story into mainstream scrutiny .
the end result for the father was a miserable retirement that was forced upon him by his son and his supporters : he was sent to suruga province ( 駿河 ) ( on the southern border of kai ) to be kept in custody under the scrutiny of the imagawa clan , led by imagawa yoshimoto ( 今川義元 ) , the daimyo of suruga .
robinson 's initial performance as garak received scrutiny as his portrayal was interpreted as garak being homosexual or bisexual .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
scrutiny and guidance necessary for a democratic organisation to operate effectively .
during japanese occupation of indonesia ( 1942 - 1945 ) , gkjw was under scrutiny because they were interpreted as javanese people with dutch affiliations .
at the end of the sophomore year , tutors give a higher level of scrutiny to the student in the don rag .
it identifies its purposes to include providing national advocacy for self - regulation of academic quality through accreditation and providing scrutiny and certification of the quality of higher education accrediting organizations , including regional , faith - based , private career , and programmatic accrediting organizations .
the documents show how officials — some still in key positions — used their role as overseers to cover up evidence of mistreatment , deflect scrutiny by the news media or prepare exculpatory public statements after gathering facts that pointed to substandard care or abuse , " the new york times reported .
however , the cooper family have an edge ; their unwavering faith in god , which holds up to scrutiny and testing throughout the book .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
the next day , during the channel 6 newscast , kent finds out that he is under scrutiny for his indiscretion and that the station has been fined a whopping $ 10 million .
programs that involve significant expository writing require the submission of a prepared writing sample that is considered more useful in determining writing ability than the analytical writing section ; however , the writing scores of foreign students are sometimes given more scrutiny and are used as an indicator of overall comfort with and mastery of conversational english .
n.c. state provost larry nielsen resigned may 14 , citing scrutiny of his role in hiring mary easley .
jitem was subjected to parliamentary scrutiny during the susurluk scandal , when commanders in the gendarmerie repeatedly denied the existence of an overarching intelligence organization within the gendarmerie .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
as a civil parish dowlish wake has its own parish council with responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
" south pacific " received scrutiny for its commentary regarding relationships between different races and ethnic groups .
blackmun further argued that the montana severance tax was a " tailored tax " because it only taxed coal destined for interstate commence , and thus deserved stricter scrutiny under the " complete auto " test .
this decision came under much scrutiny and would not stay long , as it would be overturned shortly thereafter .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
although cbs and rather defended the authenticity and usage of the documents for a two - week period , continued scrutiny from other news organizations and independent analysis of the documents obtained by " usa today " and cbs raised questions about their validity and led to a public repudiation on september 20 , 2004 .
this ultimately allows for well - designed artistic projects because individuals are less conscious , or maybe even less aware , of scrutiny towards their work .
facing increasing scrutiny , in the summer of 1978 , jones also hired noted jfk assassination conspiracy theorists mark lane and donald freed to help make the case of a " grand conspiracy " by intelligence agencies against the peoples temple .
a formulation of the intention or aim of the curriculum which is accessible to critical scrutiny .
in particular , females tend to be under more intense social scrutiny regarding virtuous behavior .
it found that " equal respect and dignity " of marriage is a " basic civil right " that can not be withheld from same - sex couples , that sexual orientation is a protected class like race and gender , and that any classification or discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is subject to strict scrutiny under the equal protection clause of the california state constitution .
the laws adopted by these two chambers had first to undergo the scrutiny of the college of cardinals , before being submitted to the pope for his assent or rejection .
according to frank ( 2004 ) , tong ( 2002 ) argues that falun gong abandoned its formal structure in favour of a looser organisation when scrutiny from the authorities became too overbearing ; that the locally - autonomous groups ' actions became more militant and escalated the conflict with the state apparatus .
in practice , the house of commons ' scrutiny of the government is very weak .
after gilsa 's scrutiny , the tomb was excavated , still in 1894 , by johannes boehlau , former director of the state museum at kassel .
as the church continued to develop this demarcation simon comes under even greater scrutiny in later christian texts .
despite brabanta 's disapproval of their relationship , otello and desmeralda live a life under the scrutiny of the media .
while leaders of the japanese yakuza were imprisoned or under close scrutiny by the american occupying forces , the korean yakuza were free to take over the lucrative black markets .
a statutes revision committee ( now defunct ) was established to carry out some of the scrutiny that the legislative council had been intended for .
lacking independent national security expertise , judges frequently defer to the judgment of the executive and never subject executive claims to meaningful scrutiny .
the list of plagiarism controversies is a summary of publicized affairs wherein plagiarism was center of scrutiny .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
the rankings received a lot of scrutiny 's because of the ability for biasness to sway to poll .
his proof of fermat 's last theorem has stood up to the scrutiny of the world 's mathematical experts .
this subjected the transactions to united states treasury department scrutiny and approval .
the european scrutiny committee of the british house of commons , including members of both the labour party and the conservative party , has however cast doubts on the provision 's text , asserting that the opt - out might not be worded strongly and clearly enough to achieve the government 's aims .
through science , a new basis of principles and laws could be discovered and established that were open to scrutiny and logical analysis and reasoning .
to take thinking to its limit is the only way in which this can be detected and laid bare for scrutiny .
city councils , county boards , and other local government bodies were avoiding public scrutiny by holding secret " workshops " and " study sessions . "
also , the agency is under the direct scrutiny of the norwegian parliamentary intelligence oversight committee , after it conducted unlawful political surveillance on national citizens during the cold war .
the " spiegel " article accuses von bülow of accepting without due scrutiny any fragment or urban legend that fits his suspicions of foul play , and describes him as a " dreamer " .
the standards of intermediate scrutiny have yet to make an appearance in a due process case . ”
that practice , now employed by two / thirds of the sewage treatment plants in the us , has been under continued scrutiny .
as well as allowing study of locomotive performance , it also allowed greater scrutiny of the observance of the driver of speed restrictions along the line and attentiveness to signals .
as one of the primary media outlets in kazakhstan , khabar is often under scrutiny for its role in elections .
in 2005 , sensenbrenner authored the real id act , which requires additional scrutiny of citizenship before issuing drivers ' licenses and creates a federal database of state - issued identification .
the prevailing public arguments , time of onset , and pace of reforms varied by country . class action lawsuits in the united states , and the scrutiny of institutions through disability activism and antipsychiatry , helped expose the poor conditions and treatment .
recently , the sponsorship industry has been under scrutiny for compliance issues , among others the alleged channeling of funds ( " kickbacks " ) , invitations to lobbyists / politicians and taxation of benefits such as free admission tickets and hospitality .
if the address can not be read , mail is either returned to the sender ( first class mail with a valid return address ) or is sent to the mail recovery center in atlanta , georgia ( formerly known as dead letter offices , originated by benjamin franklin in the 1770s ) where it receives more intense scrutiny , including being opened to determine if any of the contents are a clue .
the parish council has responsibility for local issues , including setting an annual precept ( local rate ) to cover the council ’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny .
defective surveying of the original route of the l&mr caused by the hostility of some of the affected landowners meant that stephenson encountered difficulty during parliamentary scrutiny of the original bill , especially under cross - examination by edward hall alderson .
training stations were instructed to provide careful scrutiny by examining boards for all candidates .
pro - union workers are forced to undergo ever - tighter scrutiny , and are confronted with scurrilous rumors spread by the anti - union campaign .
the case of shai fhima , a 13-year - old jewish boy whose non - orthodox parents said he was kidnapped by an ultra - traditional orthodox rabbi giving him bar mitzvah lessons , also brought scrutiny to hynes as it dragged on through the 1990s .
renouvier never held public office , spending his time writing away from public scrutiny .
as a result , day 's father imposed strict constraints on him to maintain close scrutiny of his work , which led to a strain in their relations .
already under scrutiny and suspicion from sir alan owing to her association with a corporate environment , she was fired in the finals after her team made an expensive bottle unfeasibly cheap , resulting in their losing the task .
since a probate is a public process , a living trust shields private affairs of the deceased and the heirs from public scrutiny and helps the estate avoid estate tax .
" the court had held in " village of arlington heights v. metropolitan housing corp. " that disparate impact was not proof of discrimination based on " race , color or national origin , " which triggers strict scrutiny .
the following season , however was to prove to be a dieaster when lai changxing became implicated in corruption and his involvement within the club came under severe scrutiny .
he is now a member of the official opposition , and is a member of the standing joint committee on scrutiny of regulations .
in the 21st - century , coon 's role came under further critical scrutiny when prof .
