one especially important goddess for taiwanese people is matsu , who symbolizes the seafaring spirit of taiwan 's ancestors from fujian and guangdong .
in 2007 , it was revealed that the steamship authority ferries were dumping sewage into nantucket sound , along with other seafaring vessels .
rope is of paramount importance in fields as diverse as construction , seafaring , exploration , sports and communications and has been since prehistoric times .
we both are wives of a rich seafaring merchant .
his non - fiction seafaring works include " the age of fighting sail " ( 1956 ) , an unusually candid account of the sea battles between great britain and the united states in the war of 1812 .
many of the modern day royal hospital school traditions are associated with the royal navy or seafaring .
they became active in shipbuilding , seafaring and fishing .
he has had many cameo roles , such as the indian restaurant doorman in the beatles ' movie " help ! " ( 1965 ) , as clouseau 's seafaring informant in " revenge of the pink panther " ( 1978 ) , and in " moonraker " ( 1979 ) .
the hypothesis is challenged by large gaps in time between the clovis and solutrean eras , a lack of evidence of solutrean seafaring , lack of specific solutrean features in clovis technology , and other issues .
maisie , in an abbreviated seafaring uniform , leads the cast in the song and dance .
in 1885 he published the novel " josé " , a realistic picture of the customs and manners of seafaring folk .
he was self - educated while engaged in seafaring .
these islands were carefully placed to ensure a rich seafaring tradition , ensuring that travel by river and sea is an important part of the culture .
a viking was a type of seafaring scandinavian seen from the eighth to eleventh century ad .
there is a maritime museum in the village chronicling the history of shipbuilding and seafaring in the village .
for most of their history , the bajau have been a nomadic , seafaring people , living off the sea by trading and subsistence fishing .
seafaring elves ; in the world of ptolus , elves must sleep , and therefore they do n't have the immunity of sleep spells and effects .
a family club where sons follow fathers and a traditional club , with a historical seafaring influence through the marine faculty at the college nearby westoe rfc is south shields ' longest established rugby club .
he was born in southampton into a seafaring family .
it may have been one of these seafaring canoes that christopher columbus first encountered off the shores of the bay islands of honduras .
from an early age , clerk had been interested in shipping , and had cultivated contacts among owners , sailors , and others involved in seafaring .
the school is owned by the crown naval charity , greenwich hospital and as a result provides a number of means - tested bursaries for families with a seafaring background .
his research focusses on shipping , seafaring , privateering , fisheries and marine environmental history .
after the first world war he went to sea in the merchant service and for seventeen years sailed in many types of vessel , gaining the experience which he later put to use in his books about seafaring ..
having been told by a seafaring informant ( alfie bass ) of the possibility of trouble at the nightclub , clouseau and cato investigate and accidentally save simone from being murdered by douvier 's assassins .
a seafaring civilization , led by captain ulrik svensgaard , of gloucester , ma , usa .
the first use of a magnetized needle for seafaring navigation in europe was written of by alexander neckham , circa 1190 ad .
seafaring .
historical differences always existed between the more secular , rich , seafaring coastal sultanate of muscat and the interior imamate of oman , whose rulers were leaders of the ibadi sect of islam and were highly conservative .
he has also written magazine articles on seafaring , sailing , hunting , guns , and antique automobiles .
eventually , bowen gave up seafaring at the age of 35 , and set up a rigging business in marblehead , massachusetts .
on the seafaring lamu island , families traditionally keep a jinn jar at home .
this provides a versatile array of attacks , capable of hitting ground targets , air targets , or other seafaring vessels .
oral tradition suggests that they had contact with buddhism via seafaring as early as the 3rd century bc , though definitely by the 2nd century bc when they received an envoy of monks from ashoka , and the mon converted to theravada buddhism sometime before the sixth century , and they adopted the indian pali script .
the reason why the seafaring people migrated to this mountainous region is a mystery .
she was brought to larkhall by captain mcneil after one of his many seafaring voyages .
the island is visited by two seafaring dyaks who seem very interested in everything within the sailors ' encampment , especially jack 's silver that killick deliberately rescued from the " diane " .
economy is based on farming , winemaking , fishing and fish processing , seafaring and in recent times on tourism .
after his release morrell continued his seafaring career , sailing before the mast as an ordinary seaman since his lack of education prevented him advancing to officer rank .
" souls at sea " is a 1937 seafaring film starring gary cooper and george raft . the movie features frances dee , harry carey , robert cummings , george zucco , joseph schildkraut , paul fix , and tully marshall , and was directed by henry hathaway .
it is suggested to be a quiet landing - point by a seafaring character called a " sea - skipper " , and a mystic named mariah cappella is said to have lived there .
the isu 's official publication , " the seamen 's journal " , suggested curran 's " sudden disenchantment " with the isu was odd , since he 'd only been a " member of the union for one year during his seafaring career . "
lay was born in the village of aldringham , near leiston , suffolk , the son of the village schoolmaster ( from a seafaring family ) and his mother of agricultural family origins .
alexander selkirk , the man whose seafaring adventures inspired daniel defoe to write " robinson crusoe " , lived at oreston for a while .
captain beechey later recorded this in his 1831 published account of the voyage as did one of his crew john bechervaise in his " 1839 thirty - six years of a seafaring life by an old quarter master " .
harrington is an old seafaring and shipbuilding village .
the spirituality of the pagoda is a mixture of pure land buddhism centered on the figure of amitabha buddha , special veneration of the female bodhisattva quan am , taoism , and traditional chinese religion , the latter including the devotion to thien hau ( the lady of the sea ) that is so typical of traditionally seafaring chinese communities of fukien , canton , taiwan , and southeast asia .
these wells were well known to early seafaring men as the most reliable source of fresh water in the keys .
the vast majority of the workforce of the island is engaged in seafaring , fishing and goat - herding .
this may be a result of the strong seafaring and fisherman tradition of the west country , both legal and outlaw .
however , a battle involving ships took place at the egyptian coast in the 12th century bc between ramesses iii and seafaring raiders .
it was a major seafaring nation that controlled and traded with most of the sea routes in the bay of bengal .
in 1269 petrus peregrinus of maricourt described a floating compass for astronomical purposes as well as a dry compass for seafaring , in his well - known epistola de magnete .
palos ' golden age is considered to have occurred in the fifteenth century ( especially between 1470 - 1479 ) , when it increased its population to 2,500 inhabitants and its economy , based on fishing and seafaring expeditions to guinea , flourished .
in " the free sea " , grotius formulated the new principle that the sea was international territory and all nations were free to use it for seafaring trade .
according to local tradition , sun k'ai - hua owed his victory to the intervention of the sea goddess matsu , a deity revered by the seafaring chinese of fukien province and their descendants in taiwan .
gary kildall was born and grew up in seattle , washington , where his family operated a seafaring school .
the dutch empire grew to become one of the major seafaring and economic powers of the 17th century .
omani cuisine is a tasty blend of flavor as a long tradition of seafaring and trade has brought culinary influences to oman .
starting in the late 1950s , quinn also acted in several movies , again frequently cast as the seafaring loner .
since at that time lower navarre was run by calvinist , huguenot , queen joanna iii of navarre , ( 1528 - queen regnant of navarre 1555 , aged 27 – 1572 , aged 44 ) , first from pau and later from la rochelle seafaring town , and her consort had been the huguenot antoine de bourbon , duc de vendôme ( 1518 – from woundings at the siege of rouen , 1562 ) and since spanish admiral pedro menendez de avilés had sternly killed in 1565 the huguenot colonists of fort caroline , a.k.a .
their seafaring expertise , and the very small draft / displacement of their longboats , gave the vikings unparalleled access to the english countryside via sea .
oral tradition suggests that they had contact with buddhism via seafaring as early as the 3rd century bc and had received an envoy of monks from ashoka in the 2nd century bc .
appearing in numerous television and billboard commercials , he has been played or modeled by various actors and is generally depicted as a clean living , older sailor with a white beard , dressed in merchant naval uniform and with a seafaring accent .
the sea peoples was a confederacy of seafaring raiders who sailed into the eastern shores of the mediterranean , caused political unrest , and attempted to enter or control egyptian territory during the late 19th dynasty , and especially during year 8 of ramesses iii of the 20th dynasty .
adriatica watches started being increasingly imported discreetly into poland by seafaring people and distributed there and in many of the other , then “
they use the macassar language , are for the most part nominally mahommedans ( though many heathen customs survive ) , and support themselves by agriculture , fishing , seafaring , trade , the preparation of salt ( on the south coast ) and weaving . field work
despite their seafaring background , yam people were fairly isolated from the outside world until well after the war .
kangryŏng is famous for its seafaring bird poulations , including the rare red - crowned crane .
marilyn died in 1987 , bringing an end to shiro 's seafaring days , and he himself died at the advanced age of 17 .
the great majority of the free men were agriculturalists , townsmen and traders emerged as a result of the state being located on both continental and seafaring trading routes .
seafaring ionian greeks settled around the southern shores of the black sea starting around 800 bc later expanding to coastal regions of modern romania , russia , bulgaria and ukraine .
ronald niel stuart was born in 1886 in liverpool to neil stuart and mary harrison , both from experienced seafaring families .
moguer 's river port continued to be an important site for seafaring and trade , exporting the local wines and other merchandise to the americas , russia and other european countries .
however , due to frequent raids from seafaring chinese pirates , they decided to move their settlements inland .
one legend has it that a local lad joined a seafaring voyage , and when he returned he brought back a most unusual creature with him -- a monkey in a cage .
it is notable both for its collection of sailing ships and boats , and for the re - creation of crafts and fabric of an entire 19th century seafaring village .
with the death of his father when owen was 7 years old , it was natural that he , the eldest son and second child of the family , would take to the newly found opportunities in seafaring and merchant trade and he attained a high degree of success in the business .
the local economy has long been based in seafaring and fishing , but above all in agriculture : cereals and olives , then later wine grapes , strawberries , and raspberries have long been the basis of the economy .
the urgent need for medical care among european soldiers , the seafaring population and natives prompted the building of the first general hospital at the same site .
he was born in portland , maine into a seafaring family ; his father was sea captain , whose brother was the noted commodore edward preble .
the son of a seafaring captain , following great grades at middlesbrough high school his father wanted him to go to cambridge university , but he was a comprehensive sportsman .
as such , there exists a law of amity and reciprocity amongst the seafaring powers , especially in regards to matters related to the protection of life , and , to a lesser extent , property ; for instance , the law is clear regarding the obligation of every mariner to assist sailors who are shipwrecked , or the obligation of every harbormaster to provide safe harbor to any vessel in need during a storm , regardless of whichever flag she flies .
certainly the earliest buddhist literature indicates active seafaring from its ports .
further seafaring .
his final role was as mr. callon for nine episodes of the bbc 's seafaring melodrama " the onedin line " between 1971 and 1972 .
the original membership consisted entirely of civilian seafaring veterans of world war ii .
also outfitted with hydraulically actuated chines to cover the tracks while in seafaring mode .
in 1609 hugo grotius , a jurist of the dutch republic , formulated a new principle that the sea was international territory and all nations were free to use it for seafaring trade .
the ema hall is the site of prayers for safe seafaring .
a more recent reflection of this seafaring heritage is found in the life - size fisherman 's statue overlooking the harbour .
the significance of the seafaring culture of the philippines was demonstrated by the abundance of naval - related vocabularies in the 17th century spanish dictionaries of philippine languages .
its unique geographical location made the city a centre for seafaring , ship building , log driving , timber trade , and ( since the 19th century ) paper and pulp industries .
unusual among the irish nobility of the time , the ó máilles were a seafaring family and taxed all those who fished off their coasts , which included fishermen from as far away as england .
burmese chronicles state that these early city states had contact with buddhism via seafaring as early as the 3rd century bc , though proof has now been found that by the 2nd century bc when they received an envoy of monks from ashoka , buddhism was already introduced to the populace .
the marine memorial room was established as a memorial to the seafaring era as in the late 1800s , hantsport was an important shipbuilding center in the maritimes .
william henry maw ( 6 december 1838 – 19 march 1924 ) was a british civil engineer and astronomer . born into a seafaring family and orphaned at age 16 , maw was taken into the workshops of the eastern counties railway as an assistant before progressing to the design office as a draughtsman .
in the 18th and 19th centuries , trade , shipbuilding and seafaring on the island developed more intensely .
finishing schooling , he followed in the family seafaring tradition and was apprenticed for five years to " william joyce & coy " , liverpool , but after four years ( and four voyages ) he was so competent that he passed his second mate 's certificate on his first attempt .
he attempted to resume his seafaring career , seeking employment with the london - based shipping firm of enderby brothers , but his reputation had preceded him and he was rejected .
these seafaring people share many characteristics with their panay neighbors .
the site is considered staten island 's " crown jewel " and " an incomparable remnant of new york 's 19th - century seafaring past .
bhairabee now a day has become an important sakti pitha venerable for the valorous seafaring by the fisherman community who lives in near by villages .
the two islands are very popular to local seafaring persons who have access to a motorboat or kayak , one of the islands contains a " canyon " and a black sand beach .
designed as a unique 19 century seafaring village , the museum encompasses 13 historic and modern buildings , houses a modern exhibit gallery features annual shows and is home to a regionally important library and archives focused on maritime history and regional genealogy .
seafaring was also a mainstay and major fairs were held at dibba , bringing in merchants from as far as china .
along with the copter , he provided the team with a seafaring base of operations .
the tradition of classing the pirate as " hostis humani generis " has been expanded to one other particular class of seafaring criminal , that of the slaver , who , by trafficking in human flesh upon the high seas , is similarly held to be in a state of war against all mankind .
the original membership consisted entirely of civilian seafaring veterans of world war ii .
according to " the zondervan pictorial encyclopedia of the bible " , the name kittim " is extended to include the w[est ] in general , but esp[ecially ] the seafaring w[est ] . "
ships assigned to such operations may also assist seafaring vessels in distress .
born in marseilles of a corsican seafaring family , coli became a merchant captain , married , and produced three daughters .
this extraordinary voyage became part of seafaring history , and has often been compared with william bligh 's similar epic journey in an open boat of only two years earlier , after the mutiny on the bounty .
the dialect inherits words from languages such as swedish , english and german due to the seafaring past .
little commercial development occurred on the site until 1840 , when in the scramble for africa , britain , the dominant seafaring nation at the time , annexed walvis bay and a small area surrounding the territory in 1878 as part of cape colony both to forestall german ambitions in the region and to ensure safe passage of british ships around the cape .
but seafaring did not occur until the next dynasty , the han dynasty .
landing may refer to bringing of either the seafaring ( naval landing forces ; see amphibious warfare ) or airborne forces ( air landing troops ) .
evidence from historical linguistics suggests that it is from this island that seafaring peoples migrated , perhaps in distinct waves separated by millennia , to the entire region encompassed by the austronesian languages .
shortly after moving to essex county , massachusetts , and especially the town of salem , the crowninshields began to make their impact on american seafaring .
the crowninshield family was an american family prominent in seafaring , political and military leadership , and the literary world .
the tsimshian were a seafaring people , like the haida .
other museums include the china modern history museum in the presidential palace , the nanjing massacre memorial hall , the city museum of nanjing , the taiping kingdom history museum , the nanjing customs museum , the nanjing city wall cultural museum , and a small museum and tomb honoring the 15th century seafaring admiral zheng he .
the use of monsoon winds , which enabled a voyage safer than the long and dangerous coastal voyage , was pioneered by the seafaring axumite kingdom and subsequently learned of by the romans , who in any event had cordial relations with axum and used axum carriers in many cases .
having trained as a radioman during his seafaring career , williams worked as an electronics inspector , first for rca in galveston , texas , later at puget sound navy yard in washington state through the end of world war ii .
in any case , shen kuo 's writing on magnetic compasses has proved invaluable for understanding china 's earliest use of the compass for seafaring navigation .
virtually cut off from the asian mainland , south korea is a seafaring nation , with one of the world 's largest shipbuilding industries and an extensive system of ferry services .
as a seafaring people in the south - westernmost region of europe , the portuguese became natural leaders of exploration during the middle ages .
the original membership consisted entirely of civilian seafaring veterans of world war ii .
while the egyptians were often a land based population , they quickly proved to master the art of seafaring as they learned its benefits .
on board , alf and bert wear seafaring garb .
copper harpoons were known to the seafaring harappans well into antiquity .
the townspeople had seafaring rights , which the country dwellers lacked .
traveling between them was considered overly annoying by some as well ; gamespot wrote that " a horrible seafaring travel system and an often outrageous enemy encounter rate detract much from the experience .
while conrad , a well - traveled individual who had led an adventurous seafaring life , intended the country to be a fictional place , the essential character of patusan certainly has some basis in reality and in european perceptions of the east indies around the turn of the 19th century .
the early polynesians were an adventurous seafaring people with highly - developed navigation skills .
in " the free sea " ( " mare liberum " , published 1609 ) grotius formulated the new principle that the sea was international territory , against the portuguese " mare clausum " policy , and all nations were free to use it for seafaring trade .
the outside " , set in a lifesaving station on the outer shore of cape cod , with anne kirke taking the role originally played by the author , of a woman who has waited 20 years in virtual silence for the return of her seafaring husband .
although this is obviously a rumour , it is true that he was a seafaring man and went on many trips .
the mark brandis series can be categorized as hard sf space opera with many allusions to seafaring novels .
the " guerriere " had been one of the most active ships of the royal navy in stopping and searching american merchant vessels , and the news of its defeat was particularly satisfying to the american seafaring community .
the plot runs parallel to the comedy film " the captain 's paradise " ( 1953 ) , where the protagonist is a seafaring captain ( alec guinness ) pursuing many affairs .
in 1939 , examiners at yarmouth 's merchant marine institution made seafaring history by issuing master 's papers to molly kool , the first female ship captain in the western world .
holland and zeeland , whose geographical position made them unassailable except by water , were able to hold out and defy farnese 's further advance through the courage and skill of their hardy seafaring population and the help of english auxiliaries sent by queen elizabeth i.
although the population was never greater than 1,000 inhabitants , their presence is thought to date back to the seafaring israelite tribes of zebulun and asher .
the museu marítim de barcelona , founded in 1929 , is a nautical museum situated in historical barcelona 's royal shipyard complex , with the purpose of illustrating catalan seafaring culture and maritime history .
prior to the arrival of the spaniards , bulakan , as well as the rest of the towns of bulacan province was consisted of small scattered settlements of villages each then called " balangay " or " barangay " a word derived from the name of the boats used by the early seafaring malays who went to various islands of what now called philippines .
much of the region 's music focuses on the strong seafaring tradition in the area , and includes sea shanties and other sailing songs .
elizabeth 's reign is known as the elizabethan era , famous above all for the flourishing of english drama , led by playwrights such as william shakespeare and christopher marlowe , and for the seafaring prowess of english adventurers such as francis drake .
many of that community worked in the docks or went to sea , hence its seafaring name .
an important part of the marine corps culture is the traditional seafaring naval terminology derived from its history with the navy .
braavos has a seafaring trade culture .
the city 's inhabitants , who depended upon seafaring and trade for their livelihood , worshipped awal in the form of a large statue of a shark located in the city .
franks ceased to be associated with seafaring when other germanic tribes , probably saxons , drove them to the south .
the seafaring taíno 's were relatives of the arawakan people of south america .
its implications for mammal phylogeny or the seafaring history in the south pacific can only be imagined .
between about 500 bc and 300 bc , the seafaring phoenicians and greeks founded trading colonies all along the spanish mediterranean coast .
while some have proposed that the swastika was transferred to north america by an early seafaring civilization on eurasia , a separate but parallel development is considered the most likely explanation .
in honor of broad channel ’s seafaring past , award - winning architect richard dattner incorporated a nautical fortress theme into the park ’s wooden play equipment .
before and during his six years at fiction house , tuska freelanced such features as the north atlantic seafaring adventure " spike marlin " ( as carl larson ) in harvey comics ' " speed comics " ; " wing turner " ( as floyd kelly ) for fox comics ' " mystery men comics " ; " archie o'toole " ( as bud thomas ) in quality comics ' " smash comics " and " cosmic carson " ( as michael griffith ) in fox 's " science comics " .
in films , books , cartoons , and toys , pirates often have an unrefined appearance and symbolizes the rogue personality and adventurous , seafaring lifestyle .
these seafaring people had wrestling games known as " sin - nait . "
maap offers scholarship program for young filipinos who have the dream of becoming marine professionals in the field of merchant and naval seafaring .
" melita " is an archaic term for malta , an ancient seafaring nation and the site of a shipwreck involving the apostle paul mentioned in acts of the apostles ( chapters 27 - 28 ) .
he features l. p. boitard 's 1739 picture " the covent garden morning frolick " , leading the sedan chair containing betty and being ridden by captain " mad jack " montague ( seafaring brother of the earl of sandwich ) .
people liable to impressment were " eligible men of seafaring habits between the ages of 18 and 45 years , " though , albeit rarely , non - seamen were impressed as well .
the pictures represent the agricultural and seafaring traditions of the village . flanking the essex shield underneath ,
the rundle family was then centered in the southwest , where amongst other things - and like many in the area - the family was a prominent member of the seafaring community and owned a large number of taverns until the mid seventeenth century .
the sheltered anchorage contains yachts and locally - built " gulets " used by seafaring tourists .
on the other hand , if the sherden only moved into the western mediterranean in the ninth century , associated perhaps with the movement of early etruscans and even phoenician seafaring peoples into the western mediterranean at that time , we have the problem of where they were located between the period of the peoples of the sea , and their eventual appearance as the nuraghi culture of sardinia .
born into a seafaring family , at the age of 30 he received his first ship 's command , and spent several years engaged in successful trading ventures in the baltic and mediterranean seas .
the radio act of 1912 is a united states federal law that required all seafaring vessels to maintain 24-hour radio watch and keep in contact with nearby ships and coastal radio stations .
the coconut has spread across much of the tropics , probably aided in many cases by seafaring people .
the vanga kingdom was a powerful seafaring nation of ancient india .
as a focal point for seafaring in general , numerous members have donated various items to the society -- model ships ; navigation instruments such as telescopes ; paintings ; scrimshaw ; travel souvenirs ; and so on .
baltimore also attracts visitors from elsewhere in europe and the world , particularly those interested in seafaring .
the lord mayor berated thornton for running away from her father , while praising her seafaring conduct , and offered her money to help her to return home to her father in ireland .
the encyclopedia covers the entire history of seafaring , from ancient egyptian shipbuilders to the nuclear submarines and supertankers of today .
zamboanga city is also highly regarded as the " sardine capital of the philippines " as a hefty 80% of canned sardines consumed in the philippines originate from this traditional seafaring port .
thousands of years ago , wroona 's civilization was centered around the seafaring trade .
it has variants and representatives in aegean inscriptions , but these may well be from travellers or colonists of etruscans during their seafaring period before rome destroyed their power .
one line of the fewell family became wealthy through seafaring trade in the southern scottish ports .
the " moros " being seafaring people confined themselves to the coastal areas , where they started their settlements .
the defeat of the armada revolutionized naval warfare and provided valuable seafaring experience for english oceanic mariners .
rollicking buccaneer adventure , ” according to imagineering legend john hench , whereas the disney cruise line ’s ships create an elegant seafaring atmosphere .
the neo - renaissance style of many of the houses is a result of prosperity brought on by seafaring .
one of thornhill 's seafaring friends , colonel jeffery , is alerted to the disappearance of thornhill by the latter 's faithful dog , hector , and investigates his whereabouts .
satprem was born bernard enginger in paris and had a seafaring childhood and youth in brittany .
antonio gomes da rocha madail and other writers state that there is tradition among the native population that they are descendents of the seafaring salt farmers from phoenicia .
so authentic were his descriptions that in 1890 william butler yeats told stevenson that " treasure island " was the only book from which his seafaring grandfather had ever taken any pleasure .
they were described by herodotos as being of minoan descent , while the carians themselves maintained that they were anatolian mainlanders intensely engaged in seafaring and were akin to the mysians and the lydians .
its seafaring qualities were poor and the aircraft was susceptible to bad weather conditions .
it appears at the end of the story that rout has matured a bit and his days of careless seafaring without much worry for the consequences may be coming to an end .
named after its founder , richards ' hotel and restaurant ( 礼查饭店 ; " licha " ; lee - zo ) , was " a single and ordinary building " , in the baroque style . that targeted initially the seafaring clientele that made up the bulk of travelers to 19th century shanghai .
as traditional seafaring pirates target sailing ships , space pirates capture and plunder spaceships for cargo , money , and occasionally they steal the ship itself .
along with the adjacent coastal zone museum the mission educate visitors about belize 's seafaring and shipbuilding history through a series of old documents , model boats , paintings and other displays .
it was probably loti 's best - known book and it descriptions of breton seafaring life , on board ship and on shore , set the tone for his later masterpiece " an iceland fisherman " ( 1886 ) .
the scots ( known as scotti to the romans ) were a tribe of seafaring raiders from the antrim area of what is now ulster .
the ghost captain 's ship is the keroberos g-59 gaigotsumaru , looking like a seafaring sailing ship with a large jolly roger on the prow giving it a resemblance to captain herlock 's " arcadia " .
merryfield joined " only fools and horses " in january 1985 , as the former seafaring albert gladstone trotter , known as uncle albert , who was grandad trotter 's globetrotting long - lost brother , and who was known for uncle albert 's catchphrase of " during the war ... "
the isu 's official publication , " the seamen 's journal " , suggested curran 's " sudden disenchantment " with the isu was odd , since he 'd only been a " member of the union for one year during his seafaring career . "
seafaring units get a tactical advantage when attacking from water .
sheean was initially posted to the hobart naval base hmas " derwent " for training , where he gained a period of seafaring experience aboard hmas " coombar " , an auxiliary minesweeper , from 17–31 december .
batmud features a detailed combat system , player to player commerce , playerbuilt cities , seafaring vessels , mounts and hundreds of custom zones .
many inhabitants were engaged in seafaring , particularly fishing at the grand banks .
he was now despatched on board a vessel to the island of st christopher 's , with the view of his making trial of a seafaring life , but was provided with recommendatory letters , in the event of his preferring employment on[pg 75 ] land .
the city ’s seafaring heritage is brought to life within the historic albert dock .
235 - 236 ) of his respect for one of his colleagues at the fort - first officer audrey faith parker , obe , wrns - for the seafaring experience she brought to her operational work .
after the decline of the roman empire , the progenitor of seafaring soldiers was lost throughout the archaic history of the world , being revived when the cannon became practical for use on naval vessels .
admiral lord nelson , is reputed to have learnt much of his seafaring skills in these waters , and also shared a house near the small harbour with his mistress , the lady hamilton .
other races of the warhammer world were not included , either because they were lacking seafaring abilities ( wood elves ) , missing from the main factions at that time ( ogres , lizardmen ) , or both .
local and national festivals include the annual national day , celebrating the country 's independence in 1944 , sumardagurinn fyrsti which celebrates the first day of summer , and sjómannadagurinn which is held every june to pay tribute to the country 's seafaring past .
the abbreviation kn is preferred by members of the international hydrographic organization ( iho ) , which includes all major seafaring nations .
according to knowledgeable long - term residents of the area , before the arrival of the british , there used to be a large canal which ran through the area where the bugis , a seafaring people from south sulawesi province in indonesia , could sail up , moor their boats and trade with singaporean merchants .
visitors can also explore the history of the seafaring in hong kong via a video about the ship of the future and interactive games for both kids and adults .
proverbs would address a certain genre such as law , religion , medicine , trades , crafts , and seafaring .
thiên hậu is worshipped in the seafaring chinese communities of fukien , canton , taiwan , and southeast asia .
the inhabitants of tamralipta were a seafaring race and inhabited modern orissa and the southern coast of india .
tuvaluans are well known for their seafaring skills .
as rowing turned from a profession into a sport , fewer and fewer fishermen competed and more and more teams were put together from non - seafaring backgrounds as they could train more regularly than fishermen .
the press gang would try to find men aged between 15 and 55 with seafaring or river - boat experience but this was not essential and those with no experience were called " landsmen " .
further south , california 's channel islands have produced even earlier evidence for seafaring by paleoindian ( or paleocoastal ) peoples .
show the influence of long seafaring and farming traditions with salmon ( fresh and cured ) , herring ( pickled or marinated ) , trout , codfish and other seafood balanced by cheeses , dairy products and excellent breads ( predominantly dark / darker ) .
heinar schilling ( 1937 , p. 189 ) stated " the high point of nordic seafaring was reached around the year 1000 , at which time the vikings penetrated as far south as the congo estuary " .
the seafaring macassans from indonesia visited elcho island to collect trepang , a sea animal that is to be found lying on the sea bed , a chinese delicacy .
the kuwaitis also do not directly charge seafaring vessels , instead referring to " weather conditions and maritime traffic . "
the seafaring family from which he came worked hard six days a week , gardening in the rocky soil and fishing in the summer and mending nets , dogsledding , and catching seals in the winter .
encourage the understanding and appreciation of rapa nui 's role in polynesian seafaring history ;
it was unique in american history due to its overland commerce routes rather than seafaring transportation .
hawley was born into a connecticut seafaring family in 1741 .
the authentic and extensive restoration of the steam tug " wattle " , and its return to active seafaring steam , form part of sorrento steam 's plans for reinstating the early 1900 sorrento steam trams .
the european discovery of brazil was preceded by a series of treaties between the kings of portugal and castile , which were the leading seafaring powers at the time .
already addicted to seafaring , in september he purchased a 126 ton schooner , the " lalla rookh " and used it as a base for entertaining friends and scientific colleagues .
the album contains little innovation on lightfoot 's trademark folk sound although it is notable as it contains lightfoot 's second seafaring song ( his first being " marie christine " from " back here on earth " , a genre that lightfoot would continually revisit over the next 10 years .
as a general rule , most of the wokou began returning to more traditional seafaring activities as enforcement of the bans on maritime trade subsided .
at 15 richard was apprenticed to a london fishmonger . the man was stern and richard disliked the work , but became intrigued with what the seafaring friends of the fishmonger told him about maritime affairs , navigation and foreign lands .
increased patrolling and superior seafaring technology on the part of the european powers , as well as improved political stability and economic conditions in the region , eventually allowed the european powers to greatly curb piracy in the region by the 1870s .
the islands were settled by different seafaring melanesian cultures such as the torres strait islanders over 2500 years ago , and cultural interactions continued via this route with the aboriginal people of northeast australia .
with the downturn in seafaring trade , use of the crane continued to decline and it fell completely into disuse in the early 1990s .
no place suffered more than new england , where a single - minded pursuit of seafaring formed the basis of the economy .
the second classification does not pay any attention to minor shipbuilding differences and divides all kochs into two categories according to the main spheres of their maritime operations : river / sea , and " morskiye " ( seafaring ) for long - range sea voyages .
he had his first experience of seafaring at age 19 as a hand aboard a tramp steamer in the black sea and eastern mediterranean .
there is also a strong , though not exclusive , theme of songs about seafaring and the coast , again continuing a trend from much of his earlier material . '
because newfoundland is an island in the north atlantic , many of the songs focus on the fishery and seafaring .
smith attended the etruria british school until the age of 13 when he went to liverpool to begin a seafaring career .
caymanians were largely a seafaring culture and were familiar with the area from turtle fishing and other activities .
his seafaring experience was instrumental is his also being appointed port captain , responsible for overseeing maritime commerce and often personally piloting arriving ships to their anchorage .
these daydreaming visions ( the artist freeing his subconscious , overcoming christian suppression ? ) are charged with the observed bleak detail of an anglo - saxon seafaring poem : the vigorous action of wing , wind and water .
the " v "- shaped and mastless lateen rig , known as crab claw sail , of the seafaring people of the oceania which was in use as far east as tonga and samoa at the time of european contact , is generally assumed to be an independent invention on the grounds of its very different construction .
this list of japanese navy ships and war vessels in world war ii is a list of seafaring vessels of the imperial japanese navy of world war two .
agemian was a very gifted and capable teacher , who brought a complete change into erik ’s seafaring life .
he initially became a seafaring man and progressed to become a master of a 226 ton brig , the alice .
the mining and seafaring history of st agnes is explained in displays and on film .
the english 19th century satirical painter john leech included in his " comic history of rome " a depiction of the rape of the sabine women , where the women are portrayed , with a deliberate anachronism , in victorian costume and being carried off from the " corona et ancora " ( " crown and anchor " , a common english pub sign in seafaring towns ) .
he returned to bombay to help organize the maritime union of india , an institution founded to better the lot of indian seafaring officers .
thus it was not named after his grandson kaiser wilhelm ii ( 1859 - 1941 ) which was famous for his interest in seafaring and battleships .
