although he shared carranza 's anti - clerical sentiments , he applied the measures selectively , only in areas where catholic sentiment was weakest .
however , most states ended their selectively inclusive white primaries .
the poisons found in pesticides are not selectively harmful to just pests and in everyday school environments children ( and faculty ) are exposed to high levels of pesticides and cleaning materials .
most antidepressants selectively inhibit rem sleep due to their effects on monoamines .
many electronic applications of carbon nanotubes crucially rely on techniques of selectively producing either semiconducting or metallic cnts , preferably of a certain chirality .
this approach of selectively inducing apoptosis in tumor cells has proven effective in animal models and human trials .
s"=0 then is selectively neutral compared to the favored phenotype , while " s"=1 indicates complete lethality .
a filterable tap , that provides advanced filtering , can selectively pass data , based on application , vlan id , or other parameters , to the 1-gigabit port for deep analysis and monitoring , including ids requirements .
lixiviant is a liquid medium used in hydrometallurgy to selectively extract the desired metal from the ore or mineral .
on radio models with ten key pads , mobile radios may be programmed to selectively call one another in this manner .
however , the body is able to selectively decide which cells will break down protein and which will not .
the bills were then selectively damaged in specific ways as required by the script .
it is one of the effects of " confirmation bias : " the tendency of people to search for and interpret evidence selectively , to reinforce their current beliefs or attitudes .
this selectively kills brain tissue in the area of the brain called the substantia nigra and causes parkinsonian symptoms .
because such methods can often be implemented in software alone , and may be able to selectively target only part of a medium , it is a popular , low - cost option for some applications .
a " purebred dog " is a dog of a documented modern dog breed that has been selectively bred to emphasize " breed type " for the sport of competitive conformation dog showing .
he wrote an article , " on ten relationships " , arguing that the cpc should learn from foreign countries selectively , analytically and with criticism .
braiterman uses the term " in order to account for a particular religious sensibility , based ( in part ) on fragments selectively culled from classical jewish texts , that dominates post - holocaust jewish thought . "
suga observed that the fm - fm region selectively responded to a fm component ( feature ) in the call and in the echo .
in 1963 , the catholic president of south vietnam ngo dinh diem selectively invoked a law prohibiting flags other than that of the nation , to ban the buddhist flag from being flown on vesak , when vatican flags had habitually flown at government events .
efficiency is improved by allowing provider applications to raise events selectively , depending on whether any clients are subscribed to those events , or not at all , if no clients are listening for any events .
it is one of few high schools in the state that retains an even selectively permeable boundary .
the queen fertilizes the egg by selectively releasing sperm from her spermatheca as the egg passes through her oviduct .
some anarchist factions at these protests engaged in rioting , property destruction , and violent confrontations with police , and the confrontations were selectively portrayed in mainstream media coverage as violent riots .
one of the prerequisites for many of the applications mentioned below is a method of selecting part(s ) of an image , thus applying a change selectively without affecting the entire picture .
therefore , large surface area contact with such a cold scrubbing solution in a scrubber unit can selectively remove such acidic components as hydrogen sulfide ( h2s ) and co2 from some mixed gas streams .
sucralose is derived from table sugar ( sucrose ) through a patented , multi - step process that selectively substitutes three chlorine atoms for three hydrogen - oxygen groups on the sugar molecule .
the developer selectively reduces silver halide crystals in the emulsion to metallic silver , but only those having latent image centers created by action of light .
some conditions affect the whole body , but certain sites are selectively biopsied because they are easily accessed .
in a typical leaching operation , the solid mixture to be separated consists of particles , inert insoluble carrier a and solute b. the solvent , c , is added to the mixture to selectively dissolve b. the overflow from the stage is free of solids and consists of only solvent c and dissolved b. the underflow consists of slurry of liquid of similar composition in the liquid overflow and solid carrier a. in an ideal leaching equilibrium stage , all the solute is dissolved by the solvent ; none of the carrier is dissolved .
the pliers are made of tempered steel and inductive heating and quenching are often used to selectively harden the jaws .
some 40-column applications selectively disabled the screen when performing cpu - intensive calculations so that the additional speed could be utilized when the loss of video output was unimportant .
" interacting selectively with any protein or protein complex ( a complex of two or more proteins that may include other nonprotein molecules ) . "
in its stead , soeharto elevated pancasila as an official state ideology , one selectively tailored to meet the needs of the new order ( hidayat 2004:49 - 55 ) .
fluid injected through the catheter selectively closes off the malfunctioning veins , thus enabling the testicular tissues to recover and begin to produce normal sperm in normal amounts .
a repair enzyme , muts , binds to mismatches in dna and recruits mutl , which subsequently activates the endonuclease muth. muth binds hemimethylated gatc sites and when activated will selectively cleave the unmethylated daughter strand , allowing helicase and exonucleases to excise the nascent strand in the region surrounding the mismatch .
some have modified the technique to selectively apply the technique , producing images that have regions of crisp focus and high detail and regions of intense blurriness .
the laser selectively fuses powdered material by scanning cross - sections generated from a 3-d digital description of the part ( for example from a cad file or scan data ) on the surface of a powder bed .
some breeds of pig commonly used in intensive farming have been selectively bred to suit intensive conditions .
visual acuity is restricted , so the question of how the eyes can be selectively and accurately directed to particular words arises .
quazepam , unique amongst benzodiazepine drugs selectively targets type1 benzodiazepine receptors which results reduced sleep latency in promotion of sleep .
one of the more recent of the selectively bred european competition horses is the danish warmblood , whose stud book was n't opened until the 1960s .
on the rock surface in the case hardening of alkaline felsic rocks , the weathering selectively affects certain minerals .
a number of the flavones found in s. lateriflora have been reported to selectively bind with high affinity to central benzodiazepine receptor sites , leading to the view that the flavones exert anxiolytic and other benzodiazepine effects in rats .
after the disestablishment of the phylax society in 1894 , many members still harboured the desire to create a well - rounded dog by selectively breeding local german dog breeds .
however , nuclear spins on solid surfaces can be selectively polarized , by transferrering spin polarization to them from hyperpolarized xenon gas .
notches on the sides of the film slide allowed the lesson to selectively place the arm of the record player so that it would provide an audible question to the user .
" biogenic amines are found to be selectively transported across lipid bilayer membranes upon doping lb - films with specific ionophores .
new varieties of selectively bred and hybrid plants have larger edible parts ( fruit , vegetable , grain ) and smaller inedible parts ; however , many of the gains of agricultural technology are now historic , and new advances are more difficult to achieve .
for example , a channel made up of histidines and arginines , with positively charged groups , will selectively repel ions of the same polarity , but will facilitate the passage of negatively charged ions .
local clergymen present questioned stanton about the bible 's position of woman in relation to man , and stanton described at length how equality among the sexes was supported by bible verse , but that the bible could be selectively quoted to support conflicting arguments .
also , key processor instructions which are rarely used but expensive to implement in hardware can be selectively added / removed ( i.e. multiply , divide , and floating - point ops . )
the clearwing mutation is one of the few that affect different areas of the body selectively .
although the government of sierra leone assumed management of the quay in 1964 , it decided to privatize the property in 2007 , thus converting the port from a " service " port into a " land lord " port ( in the service port model , the port authority and operator are one and the same ; in a landlord port model , the port authority retains the port 's assets but leases them to private individuals or organizations ; the two other models recognized by the world bank are the tool port model where the port authority selectively leases certain port assets , and the private services model where the port authority and operator are entirely privately owned ) .
critics have argued that the hong kong government has selectively persecuted wah for using unlicensed equipment when delivering the political message as other members have spoken on the radio and were not charged .
most sip application servers will use a similar mechanism for selectively invoking components , although these will generally be proprietary and tightly coupled with the implementation technology in use .
removal may be surgical , mechanical , chemical , autolytic ( self - digestion ) , and by maggot therapy , where certain species of live maggots selectively eat only necrotic tissue .
he further found that when he used a differential protocol , by consistently presenting food after one stimulus while not presenting food after another stimulus , dogs were quickly conditioned to selectively salivate in response to the rewarded one .
it is an excitotoxic neurotoxin when used " in vivo " and so is rarely used in intact animals , but it is widely used to selectively stimulate ampa receptors " in vitro " .
since different atoms and molecules have different natural frequencies of vibration , they will selectively absorb different frequencies ( or portions of the spectrum ) of infrared ( ir ) light .
as each of these propellant charges was selectively ( electronically ) ignited , the force ' unlocked ' the projectile in front and propelled it down the gun barrel , and reinforced the radial expansion ( and hence the seal ) between the projectiles remaining in the barrel and the barrel wall .
a characteristic that distinguishes these substances from pure receptor agonists and antagonists is that their action is different in various tissues , thereby granting the possibility to selectively inhibit or stimulate estrogen - like action in various tissues .
in the electronics industry , octafluoropropane is mixed with oxygen and used as a plasma etching material for sio2 layers in semiconductor applications , as oxides are selectively etched versus their metal substrates .
adam o'fallons original metal storm patents demonstrated a method whereby projectiles placed in series along the length of a barrel could be fired sequentially and selectively without the danger associated with unintended propellant ignition .
sherrod ( 1971 ) found that “ voters preferring a particular candidate do selectively perceive that candidate ’s position on an issue in such as way as to make it consistent with their own ” ( p. 554 ) .
the use of segmented phase holograms to selectively deflect portions of an image wave front ... is unusual .
the rare earth ions are then selectively washed out by suitable complexing agent , such as ammonium citrate or nitrilotracetate .
big band jazz was handled selectively , with certain band leaders omitted ( e.g. tommy dorsey , glenn miller , paul whiteman ) , while others were included ( e.g. count basie , cab calloway , duke ellington , benny goodman ) .
hargrave felt that stafford had betrayed him over a chaosium publishing deal , thus " falling through selectively " .
the hardwoods that are favored for construction materials and selectively logged are also preferred by ruffed lemurs for their fruits and potentially affect their travel routes through the canopy .
variations in these patterns can be achieved by selectively disabling the alpha or beta ers .
methane clathrates in continental rocks are trapped in beds of sandstone or siltstone at depths of less than 800 m. sampling indicates they are formed from a mix of thermally and microbially derived gas from which the heavier hydrocarbons were later selectively removed .
words may be deleted from the text in question either mechanically ( every nth word ) or selectively , depending on exactly what aspect it is intended to test for .
so the console operator can build a scene offline or in " blind " , a cross - fader or submaster is used to selectively mix or fade between the different scenes .
it soon became apparent that the lipiodol was selectively taken up by tumors .
the archaeological evidence is of substantial cultural continuity through the first millennium bc , although with a significant overlay of selectively - adopted elements of la tène culture .
david albert , a physicist who appears in the film , has accused the filmmakers of selectively editing his interview to make it appear that he endorses the film 's thesis that quantum mechanics are linked with consciousness .
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( als / lou gehrig ’s disease ) is a disease in which motor neurons are selectively targeted for degeneration .
x - ray lithography , is a process used in electronic industry to selectively remove parts of a thin film .
b - prolog supports table modes , which allow the system to use only input arguments in variant checking and table answers selectively .
some frames were selectively cropped , while other frames feature new portions added to scenes that were hand drawn to conform to the designated picture ratio .
after sustaining damage to these regions , p.k.c. was selectively impaired in the areas of reading , writing and understanding musical notation but maintained other musical skills .
the haitian has the ability to selectively erase the memories of anyone he wishes .
in summary , gdp only very selectively measures total income flows - disregarding transfer income , property income and capital gains , land rents , subsoil rents and a fraction of net interest .
the only other functionality the ps-3050 junction box added was that octaves could be switched on and off selectively for the ps synthesizers , effectively enabling keyboard splits .
palin has been selectively endorsing and campaigning for individual candidates , and she remains a fundraising asset .
an econet bridge is capable of automatically learning a simple network topology and selectively forwarding packets from one lan segment to the other using a simple routing table based on the contents of the network byte in the econet packet .
drugs that selectively activate the ghb receptor cause absence seizures in high doses , as do ghb and gaba(b ) agonists .
the random distribution of the orientation of the ellipsoids in a glass produces a macroscopically isotropic medium , but a strong pump laser induces an anisotropic distribution by selectively exciting those ions that are more aligned with the optical field vector of the pump .
now using the call sign " spooky " , each of its three 7.62 mm miniguns could selectively fire either 50 or 100 rounds per second .
it would have browsed in the first meter or so from the ground , feeding selectively , with food held in the mouth by cheeks while chewing .
gaba receptors , pentamers made of five different subunits α , β , γ , δ , and ρ ) open channels that are selectively permeable to chlorine or potassium ions ( depending on the type of receptor ) and allow these ions to pass through the membrane .
material may be selectively deposited on the substrate .
although required of all voters , some provisions were selectively applied against african americans .
" spin " details earth 's response to an artificial membrane placed around the planet which selectively blocks and filters incoming electromagnetic radiation , blocking out the view of anything beyond minimal low earth orbit .
these worms ingest sediments , selectively digest bacteria , and absorb molecules through the body wall .
in a typical experiment , subjects would use a set of headphones to listen to two streams of words in different ears and selectively attend to one stream .
it became evident that sequencing multiple strains for a species , rather than a few selectively chosen ones , was necessary to understand the diversity in a microbial species gene pool .
reforms focused on reorganizing the defense research - and - development and industrial base , more closely integrating civilian and military science and industry , and selectively utilizing foreign technology .
the system also selectively engages in dns poisoning when particular sites are requested .
many vegetable oils are often hydrolyzed to yield the acids which are subsequently combined selectively to form specialist synthetic esters .
hydroxylamine can also be used to highly selectively cleave asparaginyl - glycine peptide bonds in peptides and proteins .
rab7b , is localized to lysosome - associated compartments and is selectively expressed in monocytic cells .
" auftragstaktik " can be seen as a doctrine within which formal rules can be selectively suspended in order to overcome " friction " .
washington selectively bred sheep and grew various types of crops on the plantation , including flax , hemp , cotton and silk : in 1794 he wrote to the gardener at mount vernon advising " [ m]ake the most you can of the indian hemp seed and sow it everywhere " .
the light can either be used to selectively illuminate parts of the subject or to " paint " a picture by shining it directly into the camera lens .
while it is not completely known how sesquiterpene lactones exert their anti - inflammatory effect , helenalin has been shown to selectively inhibit the transcription factor nf-κb , which plays a key role in regulating immune response , through a unique mechanism . "
by selectively targeting cscs , it would be possible to treat patients with aggressive , non - resectable tumors , as well as preventing the tumor from metastasizing .
the majority of the scientific community considers that duesberg 's arguments are the result of cherry - picking predominantly outdated scientific data and selectively ignoring evidence in favour of hiv 's role in aids .
if the genetic variation that the bacterium is best at attacking happens to be that which humans have selectively bred to use for harvest , the entire crop will be wiped out .
phenoxy compounds tend to selectively kill broadleaved weeds rather than grasses .
low intensity conflict ( lic ) is the use of military forces applied selectively and with restraint to enforce compliance with the policies or objectives of the political body controlling the military force .
grade ii is defined as " buildings of special merit ; efforts should be made to selectively preserve " .
for this reason , alliances were often formed to selectively help in - members , and throw off out - members .
thousands of gharmis and pamiris were selectively killed by pro - government forces for killings in the first year of the war .
in march 2005 , plagal came out in support of legislation introduced by maine state legislator brian duprey , which assuming that science would discover a significant genetic component to homosexuality , would make it illegal for a woman to selectively abort a fetus based on predicted sexual orientation .
for passive mode - locking , ideally a saturable absorber will selectively absorb low - intensity light , and transmit light which is of sufficiently high intensity .
as of 2010 three collections ( on the decennial census , foia and immigration ) have been selectively compiled as a test .
nate hatred defeated a masked team suspiciously looking like jay and mark briscoe ( who wrestled under masks presumably to get around the selectively enforced pennsylvania age restrictions ) .
many pipettes types work by creating a partial vacuum above the liquid - holding chamber and selectively releasing this vacuum to draw up and dispense .
hollywood “ image makers ” and promotional agents planted rumours , selectively released real or fictitious biographical information to the press , and used other " gimmicks " to create personas for actors .
it is possible to effect reaction at one of the double bonds selectively .
a quip often used within the sca describes it as a group devoted to the middle ages " as they ought to have been " , choosing to " selectively recreate the culture , choosing elements of the culture that interest and attract us " .
in the latter two cases the cellular membrane is made permeable by the addition of chemicals leaving selectively the mitochondrial membrane intact .
rockefeller 's sentiments were echoed by jane harman , a senior member of the house intelligence committee , who accused gonzales of " selectively declassifying information to defend his own conduct . "
because these compounds selectively release serotonin in the brain but have little effect on dopamine or noradrenaline levels , they can produce empathogenic effects but without any stimulant action , instead being somewhat sedating .
some packages mitigate the impact of verp by applying it selectively , for example a mailing list manager might only use verp on 1 in 10 mailings .
other films , such as " american history x " and " pleasantville " play with the concept of the black - and - white anachronism , using it to selectively portray scenes and characters who are either more outdated or dull than the characters and scenes shot in full - colour .
6-hydroxydopamine , or 6-ohda , is a neurotoxin used by neurobiologists to selectively kill dopaminergic and noradrenergic neurons .
the effects of u0126 on the growth of eight human breast cancer cell lines shown that u0126 selectively repressed anchorage - independent growth of mda - mb231 and hbc4 cells , two lines with constitutively activated erk .
another way in which he frequently uses his power is for the production of a personal shield or ' force field ' which selectively blocks out matter and energy .
in some cases , such as neural drug delivery systems , they are loosely immobilized such that they can be selectively released at specified times and in specified amounts .
perm salt is a chemical reducing agent which selectively weakens the hair 's cystine bonds instead of disrupting the entire protein , but strips out the natural oils even more thoroughly than the alkali hydroxide products .
however , several other changes subsequently occurred , which were selectively neutral as they did not affect hormone binding .
bamboo planting can slow deforestation , providing an alternative source of timber for the construction industry and cellulose fibre for the textile industry it allows communities to turn away from the destruction of their native forests and to construct commercial bamboo plantations that can be selectively harvested annually without the destruction of the grove .
it can be seen in the spring of mirrors at mt. iwato that she only gathers enough courage to make an intimate promise to him at graduation , days after mary 's memories were selectively wiped when lunervale returned to normal .
fripp played further material over the top with eno selectively enabling or disabling the recording .
confirmed bcm 's prediction of synapse modification in the visual cortex when one eye is selectively closed .
in the age of information , said argues , it is the media that interprets and filters information — and said claims that the media has determined very selectively what westerners should and should not know about islam and the muslim world .
they can be selectively provided access to .
impeller and ultrasonic humidifiers do not selectively put water in the air , they also add any suspended material in the water to the air such as microorganisms and minerals .
in the example above , humans do not make peptidoglycan , therefore inhibitors of this process are selectively toxic to bacteria .
if depletion of oocytes occurs at age 50 , females should selectively counter this as it reduces their fecundity .
maggot debridement therapy is the intentional introduction of live , disinfected fly larvae into non - healing or dead skin and soft tissue wounds of a human or other animal for the purpose of selectively cleaning out only the necrotic tissue within a wound in order to promote wound healing .
adh-1 selectively and competitively binds to and blocks n - cadherin , which may result in disruption of tumor vasculature , inhibition of tumor cell growth , and the induction of tumor cell and endothelial cell apoptosis .
the device features an array of electrode plates , which can be selectively activated to perform impedance measurements in arbitrary orientations .
beta1-adrenergic agonists , also known as beta1-adrenergic receptor agonists , are a class of drugs that bind selectively to the beta-1 adrenergic receptor .
additionally , jesse jackson was not a speaker at the event , and denounced taheri for " selectively imposing his own point of view and distorting mine . "
understanding attention involves understanding that seeing can be directed selectively as attention , that the looker assesses the seen object as " of interest , " and that seeing can induce beliefs .
it is a systemic benzimidazole fungicide that is selectively toxic to micro - organisms and to invertebrates , especially earthworms .
although the test could theoretically be given to any person arriving in australia , in practice it was given selectively on the basis of race .
in 2008 , in spain , a baby was selectively implanted in order to be a cure for his brother 's thalassemia .
through the use of a fractionation column , different fractions distilled from a material can be selectively excluded to manipulated the scent of the final product .
the british shorthair however was crossed with persian cat and selectively bred to become a cobbier cat with slightly shortened muzzle and thicker coat .
the syndrome is thought to be a variant of alopecia areata diffusa or autoimmune non - scarring hair loss that affects selectively all pigmented hairs , leaving only the white hair behind .
the book proposed that we should develop a system where a pc in every home would be linked by modems and the telephone network and be equipped with software to enable messages , news and enquiries to be forwarded selectively to create a cloud of lateral communications hopping from computer to computer ( similar to the way a folck of birds or shoal of fish communicated in order to stay in a coherent whole –
in these methods , nonlinear optical effects in intra - cavity components are used to provide a method of selectively amplifying high - intensity light in the cavity , and attenuation of low - intensity light .
humans selectively bred them to enhance specific characteristics , such as color and length or body size .
saccadic suppression of image displacement or ssid , is the phenomenon in visual perception where the brain selectively blocks visual processing during eye movements in such a way that large changes in object location in the visual scene during a saccade or blink are not detected .
it belongs to a new class of constructed monoclonal antibodies , bi - specific t - cell engagers ( bites ) , that exert action selectively and direct the human immune system to act against tumor cells .
after a multi purpose history , they have been selectively bred as a pure beef breed since 1970 , with a degree of double muscling , producing good tasting lean meat .
a computer is able to capture the song of a singing bird and play back portions of its song , or selectively play back a certain syllable while the bird is singing .
a frankenstein veto occurs when an american state governor selectively deletes words from a bill , stitching together the remainer ( " à la " victor frankenstein ) to form a new bill different from that passed by the legislature .
a thermal printer ( or direct thermal printer ) produces a printed image by selectively heating coated thermochromic paper , or thermal paper as it is commonly known , when the paper passes over the thermal print head .
these pigments selectively absorb parts of the visible light spectrum that makes up white light while permitting other wavelengths to reach the eye of the observer .
high grading is a practice of selectively harvesting fish so that only the best quality fish are brought ashore .
by contrast , a true connective tissue is present only in a single layer of cells held together via occluding junctions called tight junctions , to create a selectively permeable barrier .
the miniature australian shepherd was developed by selectively breeding small australian shepherds .
if depletion of oocytes occurs at age 50 , females should selectively counter this as it reduces their fecundity .
one such site , anti - cnn , claimed that news channels such as cnn and bbc only reported selectively , and only provided a one - sided argument regarding the 2008 tibetan unrest .
it selectively accepts boys and girls aged 7 to 18 .
routine culture involves streaking the sample onto agar plates containing special additives , such as macconkey agar , that will inhibit the growth of gram - positive , thick membranes organisms and will selectively allow enteric pathogens to grow , and incubating them for a period , and observing the bacterial colonies that have grown .
archaeological excavations at viking burial sites indicate that the fjord horse type has been selectively bred for at least 2,000 years .
selectively linespeed may be increased for passenger trains on this route .
sociolinguist mary louise pratt identifies parody as one of the " arts of the contact zone , " through which marginalized or oppressed groups " selectively appropriate , " or imitate and take over , aspects of more empowered cultures .
however , in the case of the exploitation of soft materials , extraction can be done more selectively and it would be easier to take into account the geological and geometrical limits .
this archive was assembled by the francoist regime , selectively obtained from the administrative departments of various institutions and organizations during the spanish civil war as a repressive instrument used against opposition groups and individuals ..
selective vehicle detection is a system used by london buses in order to allow traffic signals to selectively favour buses ' movement through intersection by changing traffic light sequences and timings as buses approach .
the challenge - likely to be unmet by ideologues - is to reflect upon its totality , rather than appropriate it selectively for some narrow , predetermined cause . "
by maximizing activity at a ph of 5.5 , llo is selectively activated within the acidic phagosomes ( average ph ~ 5.9 ) of cells that have phagocytosed " l. monocytogenes " .
we associate epigram with ' point ' because the european epigram tradition takes the latin poet martial as its principal model ; he copied and adapted greek models ( particularly the contemporary poets lucillius and nicarchus ) selectively and in the process redefined the genre , aligning it with the indigenous roman tradition of ' satura ' , hexameter satire , as practised by ( among others ) his contemporary juvenal .
research shows that clostridia can selectively target cancer cells .
acyclovir is selectively converted into a monophosphate form by viral thymidine kinase , which is far more effective ( 3000 times ) in phosphorylation than cellular thymidine kinase .
the library also selectively purchases united nations documents .
dettmer 's current work involves the appropriation and alteration of media to transform the physical form and/or to selectively remove and reveal content to create new works of fine art .
in 1923 he " selectively " refused to serve in the raf iraq command .
a dichroic filter , thin - film filter , or interference filter is a very accurate color filter used to selectively pass light of a small range of colors while reflecting other colors .
this theory suggests that the efferent fibers of the auditory nerve are selectively damaged , while the hair cells that allow the hearing of pure tones in an audiometric evaluation remain intact .
when people can selectively choose who to interact with it might pay to be seen as a cooperator .
in mouse models , gitr was initially noted to be selectively enriched on the surface of regulatory t cells , making this an attractive potential surface marker for these rare cells .
a lytic reagent is added to the blood solution to selectively lyse the red cells ( rbcs ) , leaving only white cells ( wbcs ) , and platelets intact .
a still is a permanent apparatus used to distill miscible or immiscible ( eg . steam distillation ) liquid mixtures by heating to selectively boil and then cooling to condense the vapor .
optical filters selectively transmits light having certain properties ( often , a particular range of wavelengths , that is , range of colours of light ) , while blocking the remainder .
cho 's relatives thought that he was selectively mute or mentally ill .
one of the earliest examples of such a system are crown ethers which are capable of selectively binding specific cations .
therefore , the wavelegths are passed through an emission monochromator , and selectively observed by a detector
lasers can emit a radiant - heat pulse stimulus to selectively activate a - delta and c free nerve endings .
in the sermon regas supposed that , " jesus [ would say ] , ' mr. president , your doctrine of preemptive war is a failed doctrine . forcibly changing the regime of an enemy that posed no imminent threat has led to disaster . ' " the church has responded by claiming that the irs is selectively enforcing the rule by not pursuing actions against conservative churches .
new waver 's music consists of electronic elements ( from synthesizers , samplers and drum machines ) , along with samples from tv nature programmes , advertisements , interviews with suicidal patients and audio books by the likes of richard dawkins , selectively chosen to reinforce the bleak , fatalistic message , coupled with dark humour .
it binds to fibrin , collagen , and fibres of connective tissues , and replaces the anions of dyes from these materials , selectively decoloring them .
the flp gene can then be induced selectively , commonly using either the heat shock promoter or the uas system .
however , the scwra has also facilitated the import of some literature , and the process appeared to be selectively improving .
betacarotene , a precursor of vitamin a , is selectively converted into retinoids , so it does not cause toxicity .
his most cited work , " anticipation of increasing monetary reward selectively recruits nucleus accumbens " , was published in journal of neuroscience in 2001 .
5,7-dihydroxytryptamine ( 5,7-dht ) is a neurotoxin used to selectively kill serotonergic neurons in scientific research , in the same way that 6-hydroxydopamine ( 6-ohda ) is used to kill dopaminergic cells .
scripts tend to be used selectively , often for content design and high - level game logic .
after decades during which anti - social individuals were selectively eliminated and the authority exercised little real control in the warrens , the survivors live by the code of the west : pay your debts , collect what is owed to you , maintain your reputation and that of your family .
the name " shamo " was a corruption of " siam " during the early edo period but has been selectively bred for several hundred years and is very different from the original stock .
also , current experimentation measures a person 's verbal response to how they feel about art which is often selectively filtered .
by selectively breeding ewes that produce multiple offspring with higher birth weights for generations , sheep producers have inadvertently caused some domestic sheep to have difficulty lambing .
additionally , the prefrontal dorsalateral cortex ( pdc ) is selectively activated only by stimuli considered beautiful whereas prefrontal activity as a whole is activated during the judgment of both pleasing and unpleasing stimuli .
behnke speculates ( personal communication ) that they might be selectively bred to reproduce a modern version of the historic fish .
it induces mother - infant bond selectivity by priming the mother 's olfactory bulb , and the mother selectively learns the offspring 's scent .
it may arise at the encoding stage due to a bias in which positive / consistent information is more likely to be attended to , and negative / consistent information is selectively avoided , thus is less likely to be encoded .
this method , the hell - volhard - zelinsky reaction , is the basis of the commercial route to bromoacetic acid . " n "- bromosuccinimide is commonly used as a substitute for elemental bromine , being easier to handle , and reacting more mildly and thus more selectively .
when plk1 expression was silenced with rna interference in cell culture , k - ras cells were selectively killed , without harming normal cells .
in spring 2008 , a resident mounted a campaign against the city 's elected officials and police department , claiming she had been harassed and that parking ordinances were selectively enforced as punishment after she asked the department to ask her neighbors to stop parking in the grass .
the time machine " is generally credited with the popularization of the concept of time travel using a vehicle that allows an operator to travel purposefully and selectively .
these event include the atrocities against the serbs in ad 1804 - 1878 the greeks in ad 1814 - 1832 . and the bulgarian ad 1876 - 1877 to selectively name but a few instances ( also see phanariote ) .
doxorubicin and streptozotocin have also been used successfully to selectively damage alpha cells of the pancreatic islets .
these event include the atrocities against the serbs in ad 1804 - 1878 the greeks in ad 1814 - 1832 . and the bulgarian ad 1876 - 1877 to selectively name but a few instances ( also see phanariote ) .
dpp-4 selectively cleaves two amino acids from peptides , such as glp-1 and gip which have proline or alanine in the second position ( " figure 2 " ) .
the purpose of the expedition was to study how the sun 's radiation was selectively absorbed by the earth 's atmosphere , comparing the results at high altitude with those found at lower levels .
meeting with ronald kolessar , director of technology , they presented a new variation of the idea – selectively embed a code into the frequency spectrum of the baseband audio stream and use digital signal processing in a small wearable device to recover the embedded code buried in what a person watches or listens to .
so italy was the only catchment area which offered more eager candidates than australia was willing to accommodate and who could then be screened selectively .
traditional lithography processes use photons which can not be scanned and therefore masks are needed to selectively expose your sample to radiation .
it has been suggested that the use of naloxone and flumazenil be administered more selectively than glucose and thiamine .
tetanospasmin appears to prevent the release of neurotransmitters by selectively cleaving a component of synaptic vesicles called synaptobrevin ii .
companies that make products that selectively block web sites do not refer to these products as censorware , and prefer terms such as " internet filter " or " url filter " ; in the specialized case of software specifically designed to allow parents to monitor and restrict the access of their children , " parental control software " is also used .
energy - efficient landscaping materials , including the use of trees , plants , hedges , or a trellis ( agriculture ) , can be used to selectively create summer shading ( particularly in the case of deciduous plants that give up their leaves in the winter ) , and also to create winter wind chill shelter .
this allows employers to selectively fire striking workers , like those who continue to strike whilst other workers have returned to work .
the fund ’s attorneys won a major victory against the town of brookhaven , new york in 2005 when a judge ruled that the town had to halt its policy of selectively enforcing its housing code laws against latino households and its practice of evicting tenants without prior notice .
the construction of the union building reflects the paternalism of the calumet & hecla mining company , as it selectively donated land to organizations which would shape the local culture of calumet and the company 's workers .
we accomplish this by selectively multiplying one term in the equation above by a factor of " j " , thus bringing the two terms in - phase .
between 874 and 1300 ad , during the more favorable climactic conditions of the medieval warm period , icelandic breeders selectively bred horses according to special rules of color and conformation .
principle among these is that the technique can not be employed for more selectively coloured prints , such as those coloured by the pathécolor ( later pathéchrome ) stencil process or the handschiegl processes .
he had the potential to become a genuine allrounder , with a wide range of attractive strokes , though he needs to use them more selectively .
the fundamental function of this part of the ear is to selectively boost sound with frequency around 2 - 5hz .
by contrast , a css can only selectively remove content by not displaying it .
though anti - sodomy laws were common in the old west , they often were only selectively enforced .
a technique known as pib pet imaging is used to clearly show the sites and shapes of beta amyloid deposits in living subjects using a tracer that binds selectively to such deposits .
purine riboswitches are a class of riboswitches that selectively recognises guanine and adenine , the riboswitch becomes saturated at concentrations as low as 5 nm. in " bacillus subtilis " , this mrna motif is located on at least five separate transcriptional units that together encode 17 genes that are mostly involved in purine transport and purine nucleotide synthesis .
( p.56 ) the report asserts that this was in fact the description of a dummy recovery and not an alien recovery as the authors who selectively used his quotes asserted .
goldberg teaches drumming selectively in los angeles , and also studies " musical drumming concepts " with friend , mentor , and drum guru freddie gruber .
in may 1963 , a law against the flying of religious flags was selectively invoked ; the buddhist flag was banned from display on vesak while the vatican flag was displayed to celebrate the anniversary of the consecration of archbishop ngo dinh thuc , diem 's brother .
the epc information services epcis standard ) which codify the syntax and semantics for supply chain events and the secure method for selectively sharing supply chain events with trading partners .
a dana 61 front axle was selectively used in dodge 4x4 3/4 ton and 1 ton pickups from 1987 - 1993 .
for example , the percentage of black enlisted personnel in the 4th signal battalion was maintained at about 14 % from september 1951 to november 1952 , mostly by clerks ' selectively assigning replacements by race .
the currency overlay manager will conduct foreign - exchange hedging on their behalf , selectively placing and removing hedges to achieve the objectives of the client .
more simply , the alcoholysis can be controlled by selectively evaporating the more volatile component .
it was found that the various chromosome types do not fluctuate at random , as they would if selectively neutral , but adjust to certain frequencies at which they become stabilised .
this kind of signal can be received time - selectively : the terminal synchronizes to the bursts of the wanted service but switches to a power - save mode during the intermediate time when other services are being transmitted .
since diffserv is simply a mechanism for deciding to deliver or route at the expense of others in a situation where there is not enough network capacity , consider that when diffserv is working by dropping packets selectively , traffic on the link in question must already be very close to saturation .
taking part in the dance in the dance is sometimes also called " a lua cu forţa " ( " to forcefully summon " or " to grab " ) , or " a arcăni " ( " to lasso " ) - it has an etymological parallel in the favored method of conscription in the defense forces of early modern wallachia and moldavia , " a lua cu arcanul " ( " to lasso with the arkan " ) , whereby boys were selectively kiddnapped by the authorities .
resin impregnation is more effective than compacting additives and can be selectively applied for near net pressed parts .
