strasser was more idealistic than hitler and took the notion of " socialist " in the party name with some degree of seriousness .
a vision entitled " ha - tofet ve - ha - eden " ( " hell and paradise ) , at the end of the " diwan " ( poem 28 ) is a sublime finale , the seriousness of which is tempered by lighter passages , the humorist asserting himself even when dealing with the supernatural world .
although the cancer was malignant and would eventually prove fatal , olson was not told of the seriousness of his condition , as was the practice of the day .
the signing of this treaty was an open provocation to the soviets , joining at diverse " incidents " indeed by japanese young officers , the russians no if take seriousness this .
hartmann 's works were characterized by artistic seriousness , dramatic vitality , and in particular , by national coloring which appealed deeply to danish audiences .
however , both the pentagon and the doj have responded that only one detainee had a rag in his throat , that their bonds were loose and easily self - tie - able , that it was unnecessary for them to climb to the sink and that considering the seriousness of the situation the guards were expected to wait for ncis investigators to give their statements ( this is sop when criminal actions are possible ) .
after he had crossed the line and done his lap of honour , van lerberghe stood in front of the crowd and , in all seriousness , told them ' to go home ; i 'm half a day ahead of the field . ' "
wan 's son wan gui bribes the magistrate to hand a heavy sentence to di yun to exaggerate the seriousness of the " crimes " , while hypocritically playing the role of a good person , by pretending to help di yun , in order to win qi fang 's heart .
dennis lim of " the village voice " said that it was " the freshest thing the genre has seen since " 2001 " , " while in " the new york times " , a. o. scott wrote that carruth had " the skill , the guile and the seriousness to turn a creaky philosophical gimmick into a dense and troubling moral puzzle . "
the atmosphere at a woodsmen meet oscillates between the seriousness competition and the friendly environment of the county fair .
despite the seriousness of his medical condition , prison authorities are allegedly not permitting ahmad batebi to receive any medical treatment beyond a few pain killers .
the martial court verdict , one might argue , seemed out of proportion to the seriousness of the offences they committed , especially when looking at other similar cases .
she corrected them in full seriousness .
as afifi and metts ( 1998 ) point out , literature and anecdotal evidence illustrate that expectancy violations vary in frequency , seriousness , and valence .
with all limitation but with full seriousness , we try to strengthen syariah .
after sentencing , convicts would be classified according to the seriousness of the offence of which they were convicted and their criminal record .
it 's also quite possible , even probable , that the suggestion was not made in complete seriousness .
at the end of the 20th century , the anti - tobacco campaign in germany was unable to exceed the seriousness of the nazi - era climax in the years 1939–41 and german tobacco health research was described by robert n. proctor as " muted " .
local authorities failed to alert people to the seriousness of the situation , with armero 's mayor and a priest both reassuring the populace after an ash eruption on the afternoon of november 13 and the consequent ashfall early that evening .
however , the physician corroborated the seriousness of sarah 's statement .
depending on the seriousness of the infringement the timeline can go from one year for minor administrative infringements to immediate action for major infringements .
in addition , the pnu side was actively downplaying the seriousness of the post - election crisis , saying that this was a local problem that would be dealt with locally .
fat , old , drunk , and corrupt as he is , he has a charisma and a zest for life that captivates the prince , born into a world of hypocritical pieties and mortal seriousness .
in this particular case , the court found that the seriousness of the harm need not even be considered because no evidence of harm was found , and even so " there appears to be no evidence that the degree of alleged harm rose to the level of incompatibility with the proper functioning of society .
she has positioned herself as a visionary leader , bringing to the college a level of energy and imagination suitable for a progressive young college combined with the seriousness and determination of an institution that is , as she noted in her inaugural address , " coming of age . "
" twenty - two years after the restoration of democracy , it is convenient for us elders to ask ourselves whether we are conveying the young the whole truth about what happened in the 1970s , or if we are offering them a biased portrayal of the facts , which could raise new feuds among argentinians ... [ thus it would be ] if we set aside the seriousness of state terror , the means employed and the ensuing crimes against humanity ... but the opposite could also happen , that the crimes of the guerilla were silenced or that they may not be duly abhorred . "
there are four concentric zones ( or " rounds " ) of traitors , corresponding , in order of seriousness , to betrayal of family ties , betrayal of community ties , betrayal of guests , and betrayal of liege lords .
due to the seriousness of the accident , chang was also imprisoned for a month .
the british novelist and philosopher iris murdoch described the book as " endearing because of its persistent seriousness " .
due to the seriousness of the injury , curtis was hospitalized for several weeks and did not play in the penn game .
darine tells sir ethais that sir phyllon claims he is a coward and is exaggerating the seriousness of his wound .
he has gone through distinct poetic stages , from the epigrams and satires of his early works - " once bitten twice bitten " , to the elegiac mode of his later ones - " the cost of seriousness " and " english subtitles " .
delegations are selected from the entire junior class pool based on students ' scholastic standing , his or her seriousness of purpose , maturity , individuality , and other achievements at the university as well as representation of the different backgrounds and interests in each class .
he takes great pains to demonstrate his ( supposed ) seriousness and distaste for women .
although hopes of the amir 's support were more or less non - existent , the provisional government of india was formed in early 1916 to emphasise the seriousness of intention and purpose .
when he starts to hear about the strange murders being committed by the " opera ghost " , his first concern is how expensive the murder might prove to be , though he does acknowledge the seriousness of the event as well .
kelly ’s background in the military has been suggested as a source of the seriousness of his works .
using lysias 's speech , the defendant attempts to make it clear that simon has overstated the seriousness of the injuries that he sustained from their previous quarrel and that he himself also suffered from numerous injuries .
the meaning of the zhèng surname can be translated roughly as an adjective : either " class " or as " seriousness " , " sincere " , or " reserved " .
set in the present during michaelmas term at st oswald 's , an elite public school for boys somewhere in the north of england , the book is a psychological suspense novel about mysterious goings - on at the school which , as the term progresses , increase in both frequency and seriousness .
the way he enacts comedy and seriousness at one go in many scenes is praiseworthy .
following the raid , tolo tv launched a formal complaint against sabet and co. " the complaint identifies at least 11 potential breaches of the law by mr sabet ... [ and others ] , [ for ] the potential crimes ... of the utmost seriousness and directly affect issue of rule of law and sustainability of democracy in afghanistan , especially given that they may be perpetrated by a person holding the highest operational legal position in afghanistan . "
an alarm level is a representation of how many units are assigned to an incident , and indirectly , the seriousness of the incident .
however , the head of the israeli delegation , judge eli nathan , felt otherwise , stating that " ... israel has , enthusiastically and responsibly , and with a sense of acute sincerity and seriousness , actively participated in all stages of the preparation of the statute , not imagining , in our wildest dreams that even this , of all things , would ultimately be blemished and abused as a potential tool in the political war against israel . "
president kennedy sent only a wing of jet fighters and bombers to dhahran airbase , demonstrating to nasser the seriousness of american commitment to defending u.s. interests in saudi arabia .
the seriousness with which wouk has dealt with the war can be seen in the prodigious amount of research , reading , travel and conferring with experts , the evidence for which is to be found in the uncataloged boxes [ of his papers ] at columbia university . "
lancaster 's mother said : " the thing that makes me most angry is that it is seen as an isolated incident , maybe the seriousness of what happened to sophie is isolated , but attacks are far from isolated .
the table at right shows the relative seriousness of communicable diseases , non - communicable diseases ( eg . ,
at an impressionists 's club , painters are arguing over the seriousness of art , prompting dunlap to leave the room .
mark however may be highlighting the dual nature and seriousness of the opposition to jesus .
general krueger was gravely concerned about the seriousness of the situation on los negros .
it has been suggested that it is a deliberate strategy of tolstoy to use french to portray artifice and insincerity , as the language of the theater and deceit while russian emerges as a language of sincerity , honesty and seriousness .
established in large part solely to deal with the alley awards ( below ) , and inspired by roy thomas 's thoughts on a comics - version of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences , the name and workings of the academy of comic book fans & collectors became a way " to emphasize the seriousness of comics fans about their hobby . "
the new scheme appended a schedule listing a range of body party and particular harms to those body party , specifying amounts for each injury depending on their perceived seriousness .
steve ( aka eh_steve ) brings a funny side to the seriousness of the computer world .
in 1974 , hong kong governor lord maclehose of beoch , realising the seriousness of the problem , founded the independent commission against corruption ( icac ) .
sinclair lewis 's first serious novel , " our mr. wrenn : the romantic adventures of a gentle man " , appeared in 1914 , followed by " the trail of the hawk : a comedy of the seriousness of life " ( 1915 ) and " the job " ( 1917 ) .
in any of the cases , depending on the seriousness of the health care needed ,
during the 2008 presidential election , vann and bishop kevin farrell issued a joint statement , in which they declared , " we can not make more clear the seriousness of the overriding issue of abortion — while not the only issue — it is the defining moral issue , not only today , but of the last 35 years ... as catholics we are morally obligated to pray , to act , and to vote to abolish the evil of abortion in america . "
morality , characterized by manners , duty to society , and religious seriousness , is a central theme of austen 's works .
cloggy " , as the cliff is known , combines the steepness , size , seriousness and quality of rock which it shares with the likes of carn dearg on ben nevis , but unlike the scottish cliff maintained a continuous record of having the most difficult climbs from the 1930s to the 2000s .
reviewing the same volume , james agate praised coward 's seriousness and reproached avant garde theatres for failing to stage the play .
" having heard an interview with one of the victims in the case , who was clearly distressed by my letter and having considered the matter and discussed it with colleagues i now accept that it was inappropriate for a td to have become involved in any way in a case of such seriousness .
while this does n't mean that all australians are racists , the frequency and seriousness of such attacks , i think , calls for an extra ordinary reaction from the australian authorities , and while we want action to be taken by authorities in australia , equally we should remember all the various crimes against foreigners who visit india . "
you see , we believe beck uses tactics like the top part of this site ... and he uses them with no disclaimers , with all apparent seriousness . "
due to the seriousness of these problems and the poor history of compliance by yms with its licence obligations over several years , acma decided that yms did not have the management capacity to provide the service .
thomas keneally author of shindler 's list summarized peters ' second memoir nell 's story by saying , " as a fascinating exercise in obscure lives retrieved , as a joint effort in painful and exultant memory , this rich memoir has the playful seriousness and inventive charm which characterizes the work of robert peters ... "
nonetheless , the music tends to sound raw or experimental ; it also generally mocks the seriousness and pretension of the established mainstream music scene .
they listened and they looked with a special seriousness and interest .
other significant characters in this sketch included daniel , who has enormous joke - shop ears and hands which interfere with his work in a centre for the deaf , and helen , julius ' girlfriend , who has plastic - looking ' breasts of restricted seriousness ' .
schnabel was known for his intellectual seriousness as a musician , avoiding pure technical bravura .
third , alma exaggerates the seriousness of her husband 's ' heart condition ' , which was not inevitably fatal .
in the town 's school , seven boys - each about 16 years old - are oblivious to the seriousness and dangers of the war , feeling excitement about how close the war is getting to them , and they live their lives as normally as they can , though they are overshadowed with personal problems : karl , who has a crush on his hairstylist father 's young assistant , is shocked to see them in an intimate situation ; klaus is oblivious to the affections of his classmate franziska ; and walter is deeply resentful of his father , the local nsdap " ortsgruppenleiter " , who has chosen to save his own skin under the pretense of an important volkssturm meeting .
the master - slave relationship between philocrates and tyndarus is also portrayed with a sensitivity rare in plautus , who actually congratulates himself on his unaccustomed seriousness in the play ’s prologue .
midnight oil spent several months in 1986 on the blackfella / whitefella tour of outback australia with indigenous groups warumpi band and gondwanaland , playing to remote aboriginal communities and seeing first hand the seriousness of the issues in health and living standards .
the reviews in the country 's serbian media were generally negative : " nezavisne novines davor pavlović refers to the film as being " poorly directed " and concludes that its main flaws lay in " neither being able to treat the subject matter with sufficient seriousness nor to raise its dramaturgical level above that of a typical hollywood action movie " .
memoes to this effect were to be issued to future directors of the show , in order to preserve a level of seriousness that both men felt to be necessary , however the humorous trend continued until williams ' tenure came to an end in 1979 .
the virginia tech review panel report faulted university officials for failing to share information that would have shed light on the seriousness of cho 's problems , citing misinterpretations of federal privacy laws .
reviewers criticized " dharma bums " for being spiritually crude and lacking seriousness .
at the elders ' discretion , " non - judicial " situations may involve discipline of one or more of several types , presented here in escalating seriousness .
targhi had to go back with the consolation that he was leaving behind a much disturbed and thoughtful ala - ud - din khilji , the seriousness of the qutlugh khwaja and targhi led mongol invasions which had left siri panting for breath , forced ala - ud - din khilji to take stock of the situation .
rolling stone " declared it as " the year 's first great metal album , " while " blender " reported , " unlike similar records ... this has a unity of aesthetic purpose , a competitive wallop , even ( kind of ) a seriousness . "
they used an army general , mohamed naguib , as its head to show their seriousness and attract more army followers .
the seriousness of the situation was highlighted when irish unionists throughout the island assembled conventions in dublin and belfast to oppose the bill and the proposed partition .
despite the seriousness of this loss , it was in asia minor that the empire 's greatest disaster would take place .
one idea of wroth 's courtly persona was darkness , probably stemming from her reputation of seriousness .
the courts compare the seriousness of the breach and the fairness of the trial against the importance of the evidence in the crown 's case and the overall .
tizard met with both vannevar bush and george w. lewis and told them about jet propulsion , but he revealed very little except the seriousness of british efforts .
his constant piggish acts often served as a source of humor throughout the series , notably , his belching would disgust characters and often did it during the most serious of times , thus breaking the seriousness of the matter .
this indicates the non - seriousness of at least one of these interpretations , possibly both .
protective equipment can protect against minor injuries , and reduce the extent or seriousness of major impacts , but it can not protect a rider against the most serious impacts or accidents .
in her third sketch , she is arrested and , due to the seriousness of the situation , eddie howard is forced to admit that he 's a male , much to his frustration .
therefore , the ycja considers a review , rather than a charge , as a means of reducing the reliance on incarceration while being as fair as possible to the offender in assessing the seriousness of an offence .
after the deaths of norma , andre , luda and their baby girl , cj shows a rare moment of seriousness when he asks glen if he had ever heard the priest say something about life and death .
the breed standard describes the breed as " sober " ( meaning " marked by seriousness , gravity , or solemnity of conduct " ) , his movement as slow and rolling , and as having a calm expression .
further , arnold thought the works that had been proven to possess both “ high truth ” and “ high seriousness ” , such as those of shakespeare and milton , could be used as a basis of comparison to determine the merit of other works of poetry .
he meets the close - knit members of the foreign correspondent community including foreign journalists , diplomatic personnel , and a chinese - australian dwarf of high intelligence and moral seriousness , billy kwan .
ye suggested that “ seriousness ” is the key of being a successful editor .
seriousness .
it maintains a tone of light seriousness , and it depends on the caper for too much of its entertainment value . "
november is american diabetes month , a time to bring even greater awareness and attention to the seriousness of diabetes , its deadly complications , and the importance of proper diabetes control .
he opined that the maximum sentence was warranted due to the seriousness of the offense and that petal had lost his moral compass .
the marine corps devoted a half day in conference with the top brass and the msf in recognition of the seriousness of the problem .
another argument , presented in the book " eight men out " , is that because jackson was illiterate , he had little awareness of the seriousness of the plot , and thus he consented to it only when swede risberg threatened him and his family .
these events are known for their seriousness and focus on the issues of the day .
in other countries , movements with various degrees of support and seriousness have proposed u.s. statehood .
the painter mercifully avoids this deadly seriousness , repudiates all socio - political concerns , and remembers that the artist 's first duty is to construct compelling imagery .
the salute was seen to demonstrate the fascist 's " decisive spirit , firmness , seriousness , and acknowledgment and acceptance of the regime 's hierarchical structure " .
the seriousness of these metaphors has been evidenced by the fact that the college , since its inception , has had its fate deeply intertwined with that of indian politics .
during the revolutionary period , composers such as méhul and cherubini , who were followers of gluck , brought a new seriousness to the genre , which had never been wholly " comic " in any case .
the seriousness and professionalism of the lugano club bring about the top four final , the final leg with four teams to crown the team european champion .
for example , the seriousness of the overrun of c company under the command of capt robert edwards and the repulse of the final major north vietnamese push at lz x - ray on the former c company line which was then held by b company 2/7th under the command of capt myron diduryk , the ukrainian captain that mel gibson , as col moore , seems to claim is attached to the 1/7th .
the decision to conduct a retrial was based on a series of factors including the seriousness of the crimes , the time bain had spent in prison and the availability of witnesses and exhibits .
ivy and franny both realize the seriousness of this predicament and agree to call pru for help .
the seriousness of their discussion is negated by the music that jooss chose to accompany this scene : a playful tango .
• raises awareness among healthcare professionals , health services and politicians of the seriousness of asthma and influences healthcare policy for asthma
vernet quickly developed a disdain for the high - minded seriousness of academic french art influenced by classicism , and decided to paint subjects taken mostly from contemporary culture .
any departure from the foregoing points should be considered a fault and the seriousness with which the fault should be regarded should be in exact proportion to its degree .
beck 's music is characterized by a large measure of seriousness , tenacity , and depth of expression , but also by transparency and a sense of harmonic proportion .
no recent sporting event has been treated with such high seriousness in germany as this match ...
the woman who currently lives in the toll house refuses to go upstairs at night because of the seriousness of the haunting .
the film portrays the seriousness of type 1 diabetes and this portrayal of one woman 's experience with being pregnant and having diabetes has created an awareness in diabetic women to be more cautious in regards to pregnancy .
the seriousness with which this new measure was taken is evinced in the fact that no less eminent an lds member than apostle john w. taylor , son of the third president of the church , was excommunicated in 1911 for his continued opposition to the manifesto .
legal privileges , such as the eight deliberations , were not applicable to the ten abominations due to their seriousness .
not only was the defence not rejected at once by the court as being had in law , but , to infer from the arguments put to the prisoner upon it by certain members of the court , it was treated with a seriousness which seems surprising in a post - reformation period , and , especially , at a moment of such strong anti - catholic feeling .
according to new south wales police minister david andrew campbell , the police understood that " parody and satire are entertaining and fun " , but the chaser must understand the " seriousness of this matter [ apec ] and take caution " .
in the past , tachyon often threatened to kill himself with more melodrama than seriousness .
snow wildsmith from teenreads commends miyabe 's " talent for switching between reality and fantasy , action and pathos , humor and seriousness , which helps make her story both more interesting and more believable " .
many fans enjoy the character 's over - the - top paranoia of the government , and his seriousness virtually always being used as humor in context of the plot .
sources report that bela lugosi and claude rains were considered , with varying degrees of seriousness , for the role of frankenstein 's mentor , pretorius ; others report that the role was created specifically for ernest thesiger . because of mae clarke 's ill health , valerie hobson replaced her as henry frankenstein 's love interest , elizabeth .
beyond his contributions to computer science theory , he was remembered for the clarity of focus he brought to research and the seriousness with which he took his role as an advisor to phd students .
the show continued , though a monster jam representative later said they would have stopped the event if they had understood the seriousness of the accident .
" i 'm proud to see the seriousness of the actions of the missionary and the ministry of grace church in our municipality " . "
rén also envelopes traits that are a part of being , such as hsin , meaning to make one 's words compliment his actions ; li , which means to properly participate in everyday rituals ; ching , or " seriousness " ; and yi , which means right action .
the seriousness with which us intelligence agencies planned the murder of martin luther king , jr. speaks eloquently of the threat kingian nonviolence represented to the powers that be in the spring of 1968 .
conducting abdominal surgery at the side of the battefields was often ineffective given the seriousness of the location of the bullet wound and the limited facilities in the temporary tents for treating such advanced complications .
he meets the close - knit members of the foreign correspondent community including journalists from the uk , the us and new zealand , diplomatic personnel , and a chinese - australian dwarf of high intelligence and moral seriousness , billy kwan .
a person may be given a final warning without a reprimand if the seriousness of the offence warrants this course .
nineteenth - century positivist historians stressed what they saw as thucydides ' seriousness , his scientific objectivity , and his advanced handling of evidence .
the band has rarely in any seriousness stated actual influences on the type of music they play , except that the residents were a band which tism ' did ' notice and ' possibly ' took some influence from .
rio was allegedly one of the few members of capone 's gang who understood the seriousness of the tax evasion charges made against capone by the federal government in 1931 .
it was formed after detective sergeant kavanagh , in charge of the kalgoorlie police , submitted a report in 1906 on the seriousness of gold theft in the eastern goldfields of western australia .
despite their seriousness as a medical event , needlestick injuries have been neglected : most go unreported and icd-10 coding is not available .
said us district judge mark kravitz of the sentence , " i can not really overstate the seriousness of this crime . "
tyagi apprises her of the seriousness of the danger , and the risk to millions of lives should the ikf get the device .
the subtitle of the play ( and of the earlier story ) is " a prayer for the wild of heart that are kept in cages " ; though that phrase conveys the seriousness of the playwright 's chosen topic , its treatment , particularly the elements not present in the original story ( such as the mummers play - within - a - play and the swan - on - a - lake scenes ) , lighten the tone with elements of fantasy .
schmidt , a former schoolteacher described by " the new york times " as " small , wiry , and intense , she exudes seriousness " , had been a township trustee in northwestern clermont county 's populous miami township for eleven years before four years in the ohio house of representatives .
his writing is characterised by a dry , native yorkshire wit combined with " an accessible , realist style and critical seriousness . "
the statement continued that the document " makes us question the seriousness with which the roman catholic church takes its dialogues with the reformed family and other families of the church " .
the characteristics of aubrey de vere 's poetry are high seriousness and a fine religious enthusiasm .
he takes over radar o'reilly 's job of company clerk with reasonable seriousness , eventually getting promoted to sergeant .
" from the first chords ... sullivan 's music sets the scene of mock - seriousness ...
boyd views the shift as from seriousness to play .
its seriousness lies in the possibility that the insurgents may eventually provide a rallying point for many disaffected elements which hitherto have been unable to coalesce .
strains of seriousness and ambition are more clearly evident ...
in comments to newspaper " le monde " , he stated , " i do not want it to be said that i am a warmonger ! [ ... ] my message was a message of peace , of seriousness and of determination .
by then kennedy had become a reflection of a new richmond , still with many systemic problems , but very much influenced by an influx of immigrant students who brought to kennedy a seriousness for education , a desire to succeed , and unprejudiced ideas about the school .
he said during the meeting , " sounds like the buggers mean it " , remaining composed despite the seriousness of the situation that the islands faced .
maher also expressed skepticism about the seriousness of the swine flu and whether completely healthy people could die from it .
prosecution of all indictable offences commences in the magistrates’ courts , the secretary for justice may apply to have a case transferred to the district court or committed to the court of first instance of the high court depending on the seriousness of a case .
critic roger ebert wrote that lohan " has that jodie foster sort of seriousness and intent focus beneath her teenage persona " . "
she does question whether her intimacies with another girl are morally okay but does not recognize the seriousness of anamika 's endeavours .
this is supposed to represent the seriousness of the decisions they must make in determining the outcome of a bout , and their preparedness to commit " seppuku " if they make a mistake .
some countries determine the jurisdiction in these circumstances by means of policy and resource allocation between agencies , for example in australia , the australian federal police take on complex serious matters referred to it by an agency and the agency will undertake its own investigations of less serious or complex matters by consensus , while other countries have laws which decide the jurisdiction , for example in the united states of america some matters are required by law to be referred to other agencies if they are of a certain level of seriousness or complexity , for example cross state boundary kidnapping in the united states is escalated to the federal bureau of investigation .
he compromised the faction opponents of several villages proving his seriousness to the subject .
tragedy is characterized by seriousness and dignity and involving a great person who experiences a reversal of fortune ( " peripeteia " ) .
it is a defence that a person acted reasonably , based on his knowledge or belief , considering the seriousness of the anticipated offence and the purpose and authority with which he acted ( s.50 ) .
when discussing issues that are especially important to him ( such as opening up the arctic national wildlife refuge to oil drilling ) , stevens wore a necktie with the incredible hulk on it to show his seriousness .
he first served as commanding officer of company h , until january 1967 , then became commanding officer of company f. while in command of company f on june 2 , 1967 , during operation union ii at quang tin , capt graham chose to remain with one of his men who could not be moved due to the seriousness of his wounds , and was mortally wounded .
each of these characters increase the seriousness of their self - destructive actions , singing a different jingle , but with parallelisms with the previous one .
robert wardle , head of the sfo , also stated ( in a later high court challenge , see below ) that he had received a direct threat of a cessation of counterterrorist cooperation from the saudi arabian ambassador to the uk , in the first of three meetings held to assess the seriousness of the threat : “ as he put it to me , british lives on british streets were at risk ” .
( delillo himself has said that it represents ' a deeper level of seriousness . ' ) "
the status of the judge depends on the seriousness and complexity of the case .
" despite his seriousness of purpose , schnitzler frequently approaches the bedroom farce in his plays ( and had an affair with one of his actresses , adele sandrock ) . "
the sentencing guidelines subcommittee all new and revised offenses adopted by the general assembly and provides recommendations to the full commission for seriousness category classification .
the program is dedicated to raising awareness of the seriousness of kidney disease and its risk factors , the importance of testing those at high risk , and the availability of treatment to prevent or slow the progression of kidney disease to kidney failure .
in contrast to the seriousness of english romanticism , the german variety is notable for valuing humor and wit as well as beauty .
he usually does not understand the seriousness of matters , thinking that murdering vampire vegetables is a game and chasing bunnicula is a race .
it references the high - minded seriousness of barnett newman ’s zip paintings .
it depicted the story of an imbecile ( finely portrayed by prem nazir ) in a joint family with remarkable sensitivity and seriousness of purpose .
these are meaningful to members of this movement because of the seriousness with which they take the goal of " restoring the form and structure of the primitive church . "
the seriousness of the intent ( when persisted will generally ) result in actions to be of considerable or impressive degree or amount .
the seriousness of this disadvantage varies : it is most serious on maps where there are many resource patches and few opponents competing for them .
a common method is to score both likelihood and seriousness on a numerical scale ( with the most likely and most serious scoring highest ) and multiplying one by the other in order to reach a comparative score .
while chul soo caught the fire in time , the seriousness of the incident and others draw them to seek medical help .
harry defeats the monster and stares at the dead carcass , realizing the seriousness of the situation at hand .
when he forbade commentaries written in his partitions to be read aloud , he probably saw this himself as a means to safeguard the seriousness of his intentions .
" the majority went on to find that given the trial judge 's characterization of the officer 's conduct , the seriousness of the officer 's conduct outweighed the reliabiity of the evidence .
he is said to have taught his subject with great clearness , and with equal seriousness and piety , often referring to god as the supreme mathematician , who had constructed all things by number , measure and weight .
another study confirmed the seriousness of the disorder as " the standardized all - cause mortality ratio among patients with bd is increased approximately two - fold . " bipolar disorder is currently regarded " as possibly the most costly category of mental disorders in the united states . "
risk = likelihood of occurrence " x " seriousness if incident occurred
in these years he also wrote about philosophical criticism , specially the seriousness of the thought .
there may even be an angry response depending on the perceived seriousness of the situation .
for the bob , brownlee temporarily abandoned his seriousness to script skits poking fun at the college and his classmates ; these won good reviews , with the " acta victoriana " declaring the 1908 edition , which brownlee headed up , " one of the best ever " .
thomas simpson of soundtracknet called it " ... a mixture of fun , seriousness , rock n ' roll and great scoring . "
at the time mbeki was deputy president and in his official capacity acknowledged the seriousness of the epidemic .
the environmental enforcement bill would increase the fines for individuals and corporations for serious offenses , give enforcement officers new powers to investigate cases and grants courts new sentencing authorities that ensure penalties reflect the seriousness of the pollution and wildlife offences .
for example , play is commonly perceived as a frivolous and non - serious activity ; yet when watching children at play , one can observe the transfixed seriousness and entrancing absorption with which they engage in it .
simuţ also ranks ornea , whose weekly literary chronicles he describes as marked by " seriousness , thoroughness and consistency " , among " an elite category " of literary historians , placing him alongside ion bălu , paul cornea , dan mănucă , al .
nonetheless , early editions combine this seriousness with whimsy and parochialism .
in the company of other critics who wrote with such seriousness , at such length , in such old - fashioned terms , he would have been less burdened with the essentially parodic character of his enterprise . "
as of late 2009 , the pilot showed few if any problems , and the expected results were materializing quite well , in terms of stimulating community participation , allowing schools to spend more efficiently and assess their own priorities , and increasing the seriousness of school - based planning by creating a means to finance such plans , among other expected results .
their campaigns really touch people in the sense that when they speak to populations , they tell their own experience and it makes people more conscious about the seriousness of aids .
gianni was well known for his seriousness about his work .
his novels combined deep seriousness and psychological inquiry with fantasy and exuberant mirth . '
official notices enacting control measures are posted , but the language used is optimistic and downplays the seriousness of the situation .
journalist louis theroux cautions against accusing icke of antisemitism , arguing that it might not only be unfair , but may also lend a patina of seriousness to icke 's ideas .
allen had previously been known as a maker of zany comedies ; the director has described " annie hall " as " a major turning point " , as it brought a new level of seriousness to his work .
the song 's appeal has been compared to that of a great pop novelty song , as against the relative seriousness of most campaign songs .
the martial seriousness of the men 's vows is immediately undermined by comic touches such as the banners made from old hides and a trumpet made of wood , fighting for a dowry of an old horse and a spotted pig .
steve huey of allmusic said that the " record sounds like a bridge between mother love bone 's theatrical ' 70s - rock updates and pearl jam 's hard - rocking seriousness ... keeping in mind that soundgarden 's previous album was the overblown metallic miasma of " louder than love " , the accessibly warm , relatively clean sound of " temple of the dog " is somewhat shocking , and its mellower moments are minor revelations in terms of cornell 's songwriting abilities . "
she served as a spokesperson by helping young people be aware of the seriousness of leukemia and lymphoma .
how many hundreds of thousands of young people are disappointed , or lose confidence in the seriousness of religious subjects , when they are exposed to the truth , because they live an illusion !
however , the seriousness of such a comment is thrown into question by a similar comment , " itunes music store now stocking inferior quality versions of our newest record ! " also appearing on oxes ' myspace page .
stylistically , his compositions show a generally increasing seriousness of tone throughout his life , but in all periods he was capable of the most astonishing mood - shifts within a single composition , sometimes within a single phrase ; rarely does the music seem disunified , since he closely follows the texts of the poems being sung .
although the child - turcotte scoring system was the first of its kind in stratifying the seriousness of end - stage liver disease , it is by no means the only one .
despite the seriousness of the injury , he returned to play a part towards the end of the campaign .
realizing the seriousness of what just transpired , cocoanut says to lionel as he is walking out the door , “
the signings of gregan and mehrtens for 2007 - 08 appeared to indicate boudjellal 's seriousness in securing a return to the top 14 .
in june 2006 , he was featured in time out new york magazine in an article on america 's most important young playwrights and compared to nobel - prize winning author saul bellow for his " literacy and seriousness " .
the companionship of millet had a lasting influence on hunt 's character and style , and his work grew in strength , in beauty and in seriousness .
despite his seriousness , graham greene greatly enjoyed parody , even of himself .
george călinescu noted that pann 's " mix of buffoonery and seriousness " present in the works of poet tudor arghezi , came " in the line of anton pann " .
despite her seriousness , she has been proven willing to be mischievous when crossed .
back on board " teacher " flinx is so distracted by the seriousness of clarity ’s wounds that he misses the presence of two members of the order of null already on board .
so the peetham has taken up the umar alisha akshara jyothi programme with all seriousness and turned thousands of illiterates to literates .
his work renders ridiculous the false seriousness of the media and its ' stars ' who act as collaborators of this system of massive distraction .
the use of the phrase implies a greater degree of seriousness and obligation than is usually assigned to common conversation .
" each and every police officer has their own ranking of the relative seriousness of all criminal offences that is often based on their background experiences .
at his first trip to italy his seriousness ensured the patronage of pope leo xiii , who opened the contents of the vatican library to him .
fate was to intervene as the surgeon who attended to o'malley was a former medical college classmate , and overstated the seriousness of the prisoner 's wounds , saving o'malley from execution by the free state - whose policy by that time was to execute anti - treaty fighters captured in possession of weapons .
humor and seriousness are both at home in their lyrics .
the seriousness of an allegation made , the inherent unlikelihood
the doctors advise against this , citing the seriousness of him previously falling into a coma .
he also has a maturity and seriousness that few people recognize and can get serious when danger calls to his loved ones .
if at any time the risk from any hazard poses a significant danger ( as a factor of likelihood and seriousness ) to the rescuer , they should consider whether they should approach the scene ( or leave the scene if appropriate ) .
as soon as he learned about the seriousness of the situation of the king , he absolved him of all excommunications and other ecclesiastical punishments .
abroad , british historian simon schama said of the speech that " in its seriousness , bravery and clarity , [ it ] was on a par with fdr and churchill " and " summoned the spirit of cicero " .
among the assiniboine , the cree and the ojibwa , a satirical ceremonial dance was originally performed during times of famine to reinforce the seriousness of the wendigo taboo .
he marks christmas day , 1982 , as the point when he realized the seriousness of his problem : " i was hungover from drinking until the bars closed on christmas eve and sitting in my living room staring at a christmas tree without any presents .
sots - art was neither parody nor satire , it offered an entirely new vision , characterized by total seriousness and responsibility , as well as absolute sacrilege .
carlin romano from the chronicle of higher education called the popular culture and philosophy series “ the most serious philosophy series on the market , if some link between academic seriousness and real life still exists . ”
the outbreak of severe rioting in february 1991 illustrated the seriousness of socioeconomic tensions .
" mastermind " is a british quiz show , well - known for its challenging questions , intimidating setting and air of seriousness .
the story moves into light redondillas that break with the seriousness of the fable - the loves of a young numantian , named morandro , and his mistress .
the seriousness of a couple 's decision to maintain or increase their family size is discussed .
from the point of view of rigor and intellectual seriousness , the intelligent design people do n't come out very well in our world of scientific review , " he said .
other times the purpose served by members of a clown society is only to parody excessive seriousness , or to deflate pomposity .
many musicians have testified to dylan 's influence , such as joe strummer , who praised dylan as having " laid down the template for lyric , tune , seriousness , spirituality , depth of rock music . "
oliver , for example , argues that in the speech , there is no clear evidence of either seriousness or irony , but instead " this lecture by kate on the wife 's duty to submit is the only fitting climax " to the farce " – and for that very reason it can not logically be taken seriously , orthodox though the views expressed may be [ ... ] attempting to take the last scene as a continuation of the realistic portrayal of character leads some modern producers to have it played as a kind of private joke between petruchio and kate – or even have petruchio imply that by now he is thoroughly ashamed of himself .
the former , being a " délit " , i.e. a crime of intermediate seriousness , would be tried in the tribunal correctionnel ; and the latter three , considered felonies ( that is , carrying a possible sentence of more than 10 years ) in the cour d'assises .
while kiyonobu 's work was based largely on that of hishikawa moronobu , and was very masculine in nature , with sharp , bold lines , kiyomasu 's works , while very similar at first glance , are in fact softer and more graceful ; they are said to show a " lack of seriousness of intent . "
the amount of ' total btex ' , the sum of the concentrations of each of the constituents of btex , is sometimes used to aid in assessing the relative risk or seriousness at contaminated locations and the need of remediation of such sites .
the court is made up of a judge advocate , and between three and seven ( depending on the seriousness of the offence ) officers and warrant officers .
stephen thomas erlewine of allmusic said that the album " sounds like a cross between alice in chains and pearl jam , taking the ponderous seriousness of alice and pj 's ' 90s update of winding ' 70s guitar rock . "
