as founder and bandleader of charming hostess she coined the term " nerdy - sexy - commie - girly " to describe her genre of music which spans an electric range of styles .
in interviews she always spoke of what she wanted to be for public opinion : sexy , sophisticated , intelligent , open - minded , worldly .
his slogan in 2008 was , " les femmes au gros derrière sont les plus sexy . "
in the " will & grace " season five episode " sex , losers and videotape " , grace sings the song whilst making a sexy video .
the hilariously sexy lyric content usually steered clear of subtlety . "
her film credits include " drop dead sexy " and " moonlight mile " .
at the same time she discovers the insanity experienced by a modern woman who has to be the professional , sexy , responsible , fashionable , and as well as a homemaker .
in particular , he analysed the way films , ads , pop music , and bodybuilding , had replaced ' real ' masculinity , if it ever existed , with something ' sexy and simulated ' .
sophie tucker famously advised mary martin to deliver such sexy lines while looking towards heaven .
during 2007 , clayburgh appeared in the abc television series " dirty sexy money " , playing letitia darling .
" da ya think i 'm sexy ? " ( 1993 )
a state of the art la fitness , fresh and easy market , rubio 's , sexy nails , wing stop , round table pizza , chase , blizzberry , juice it up and other businesses have opened up at the former kmart site at the corner of washington and rosemead boulevards .
sloane replaced the usual mixed group of odd - ball characters with a sexy cast of females , including ginger lynn allen , linnea quigley and elizabeth kaitan .
sammi wore a japanese - looking dress while sing " 獨家試唱 " and a sexy pink outfit while singing " 發熱發亮 " and " 煞科 " .
the stray cats caught america 's attention with the 1982 album " built for speed " , which included the two top ten hits , " rock this town " ( # 9 ) and " stray cat strut " ( # 3 ) , as well as with the follow - up 1983 album " rant ' n rave with the stray cats " , which included the two successful singles " ( she 's ) sexy + 17 " ( # 5 ) , and " i wo n't stand in your way " ( # 35 ) .
their name is derived from the groups love of fire fighters , kenzie was often reported to say that if he was n't in the squad he 'd be a fireman , saving lives and putting on sexy oiled up dance shows at the weekends in front of the other boys .
she was also in hello ! project shuffle groups odoru 11 , 11water , h.p. all stars and sexy otonajan .
top 7 - sexy hits .
as she approaches , bugs finds her magic power and uses it to transform her into a sexy female bunny who has a feminine voice but still has hazel 's laugh .
the artist hajime sorayama is particularly influential , with his " sexy robot " images , found in his collection " the gynoids " ( 1993 ) .
everything stops for the sexy smiles - and i ca n't see why that 's necessary on " the a - team " . "
he had begun writing parodic plays in college , saying years later , " in my heart , i felt i was a combination of groucho and harpo marx , of groucho using his wit as a weapon against the upper classes , and of harpo ’s antic charm and the fact that he was oddly sexy — he grabs women , pulls their skirts off , and gets away with it " .
after some years of touring in europe and contributing songs to compilations ( most well known is the song " bloody rose " ) , bloody dead and sexy signed to the well - known german goth - label alice in ... and released two albums ( " paint it red " and " narcotic room " ) .
as well , he felt that her " sexy cat burglar act , coupled with her flirtation with one of our heroes , is cliched and has been seen a thousand times before " , and he likened her to a combination of catwoman and " the equally annoying electro - gwen from " angel " .
the largest known sexy prime was found by ken davis and has 11593 digits .
he was also featured in the second season of " dirty sexy money " as patrick darling 's brother - in - law chase alexander .
sexy voice and robo .
she played mei - ling hwa darling , one of the darling family 's daughters - in - law in abc 's highly - publicized dramedy , " dirty sexy money " .
it 's not sexy , but it 's very cool . "
in 1999 , kohn had proposed , together with the archaeologist steven mithen , the so - called " sexy hand - axe hypothesis . "
with their second single , " change " the group adopted a more mature and sexy look .
the role also required knur to appear nude , or in sexy and revealing costumes for those times she was dressed .
australian actress naomi watts was initially considered for the role of pam byrnes but she ultimately lost the role to teri polo because the filmmakers " did n't think [ watts ] was sexy enough " .
david jeffries of allmusic stated that , " valentino 's first full - length has mystical touches in its overall slick and sexy production , touches that help separate the album from the competition in a way the everyday songwriting does n't . " while steve horowitz of popmatters stated that , " valentino has an undistinguished voice , writes hackneyed lyrics , and his instrumental backing suffers from tedious production values . "
by then , harry 's character had been altered ; while she was still named ruth , she had now become al and victoria 's sexy eldest daughter , and went by the name nickname " coco " .
though ultimo boss michelle mone had chosen jordan for being " sexy , fun and outgoing , " she later changed her mind , stating , " jordan was just the wrong choice for [ us ] .
carmela does so and tony tenderly compliments her sexy figure .
" under my skin " is a song by german singer – songwriter sarah connor from her sixth studio album , " sexy as hell " ( 2008 ) .
they were also sexy , in a deliberately naïve way .
in an article " virtual sex " , " vibe " magazine called her " sexy as hell " .
previously to her role in " dirty sexy money , " she was best known for her role in " jag " , as navy petty officer jennifer coates from 2001 to 2005 .
urd first appearanced in the manga in chapter 14 , " sexy sister " , but she has also been depicted in a novel ( " ah !
other tracks recorded during the sessions for the album which ended up as b - sides are " between two islands " , " searching for the face of jesus " , " sexy northerner " and " always " .
sherilyn plays against just being a sexy and beautiful girl , " he added .
she thought that for her previous album , one song was urban and sexy , and yet the next was pop , making it fun .
for example , the piece ' every shot every episode ' ( 2001 ) was a collection of 10,000 shots from the starsky and hutch television series that were categorised according to 278 categories such as ' every plaid ' , ' every sexy outfit ' , ' every yellow volkswagen ' .
sexy ladies .
in dec 2006 , nicole proved her producing skills with " the very sexy christmas show " which took place on the diesel playhouse mainstage in toronto , on , canada .
he is also very sexy and cute and very very hot .
it features an interpolation of right said fred 's " i 'm too sexy " , composed by christopher fairbrass , richard fairbrass , and robert manzoli .
marni has recently risen to prominence as women have turned away from overtly sexy clothing to designs emphasizing color , print , and shape .
ray 's husky frame , thick neck and raspy voice made him perfect for playing tough sexy roles .
the first track , " total eclipse of the sun " , replaces " anrufe in abwesenheit " in international ( non - german ) copies of their 2000 album " silence is sexy " .
the she - devil returns in this cartoon , now as mrs. tasmanian devil , but taz 's romantic feelings for her prove to be his achilles ' heel when bugs uses a sexy female - devil costume to deliver some explosives to him .
what is sexy ? ” ad campaign featuring supermodel gisele bündchen .
some shop owners started to hire girls dressed in sexy outfits to grab customers’ attention in this highly profitable competition .
in 2008—09 , major hit songs that incorporated electro house with aforementioned styles included " bring the noise " by public enemy , " day & night " by kid cudi , " shooting star " by lmfao , " sexy bitch " by akon , and many more .
dread central 's review was a bit mixed , giving the review 3 1/2 blades out of 5 , saying " it ’s brash , loud and sexy , but a few too obvious flaws unfortunately knock the film down a peg .
that night , harry , annabel , and luigi gaudi find themselves at a glamorous french nightclub ( " monte carlo ! " ) , where uncle anthony had arranged for a special surprise for harry in the form of sexy performer dominique du monaco .
although he is against perversion , he occasionally can not help himself from temptations such as viewing sexy photos of itoko osakabe under the excuse of validating their authenticity or " confiscating " ganji nishimoto 's entire porn tape collection .
the contestants had to work in an occupation that fitted either the dirty , sexy or money category .
" sylk magazine " has successfully survived nay - saying traditionalist and people 's preconceptions that any website with sexy photos of women is pornography .
" a " variety " review agreed with those points : it called the movie " an embarrassment of kitsches " with " camp pleasures and candy - coated , comic - book giddiness " that has " more humor and a lot less perversion " than the manga , and praised sato as " a highly marketable plus as the sexy superhero who shouts ' honey , flash ! ' " , but said its cgi and matte effects were " crude by h'wood standards " .
with faster beat , modern and sexy appearance , it became her most successful album to date , containing two of her most successful singles , one is dance single " mai yag rok " and another is love ballad single " rak thur thee sood " .
publishers weekly described the characters in the manga as being " sexy , believable characters with complex problems " .
is pink walrus with a breathy voice and sexy theme music that all the other male characters pursue .
enamored with her boss and wanting to help him break cases , she surreptitiously donned a black domino mask and a sexy , skintight , slit - leg red evening gown and high heels , and ventured out at night fighting crime .
the series ' catchphrase—"scary just got sexy "— was added to a billboard in the background .
mcqueeg persuades a sexy nightclub singer ( scott ) to testify against scanlon which makes her marked for death from the mob .
though mr. carlson pays the sexy jennifer the highest salary of any employee at the station , there is never anything improper about their relationship .
then he meets smart , sexy , charming molly ( alice eve ) and , contrary to all expectations , starts dating her .
sharp has also appeared on " the game " , " the tracy morgan show " , ' , " still standing " and other numerous sitcoms , from 2005–2006 , sharp was signed to 9 episodes on chris rock 's autobiographical sitcom , " everybody hates chris " as shiela ridenhour , a sexy new neighbor next door .
sexy baby ” which was released in 1995 .
" translate " is an album by sexy sadie , released in 2006 .
the titilating sitcom centered around two sexy las vegas showgirls sharing their lives together , each with a younger sibling in tow .
you can mingle with locals at beer shacks like sexy rexy 's and others " out west " .
there , he meets a sexy waitress named maggie , ( pamela susan shoop ) , who becomes angry when michael asks her about tanya walker .
grown & sexy .
initial questions about the relevance of tina to the australian game were displaced when the up tempo , sexy ad appeared and the long running and successful association began .
spring / summer 2008 saw mjm sign the biggest star yet when they announced spice girl mel b as the new face and body of ultimo a - d. michelle said " not only is mel b a worldwide star but she is confident , sexy and outgoing - every attribute needed to become an ultimo supermodel " .
in 2008 , harrison was described by harper collins voyager publishing director jane johnson as the best example of the urban fantasy sub - genre which she described as , " the supernatural erupting into the everyday — sexy , tongue - in - cheek , post - modern . "
michael o'sullivan of " the washington post " gave the film two and half stars out of four , praised kristen stewart 's performance in the film and wrote , " despite melodrama that , at times , is enough to induce diabetes , there 's enough wolf whistle in this sexy , scary romp to please anyone . "
she then joined in an episode of gma network reality game show extra challenge were she displayed her intelligence and confidence when she was faced with conservative moralists who depicted her sexy ways .
sexy " , followed by a world tour . 2001 also saw the release of another double best - of and rarities album , " strategies against architecture iii " .
michael judge from the wall street journal said the series " too often passes over the truly macabre or grotesque for gratuitous sex and violence " and then said " i know " true blood " is supposed to be a sexy , easy - to - swallow mystery , but too often it ends up leaving a bad taste in one 's mouth . "
it 's modern , sexy and fun with a very dark undercurrent . "
when asked why the song did not appear on the album , chris martin said that it was too " sexy " .
the dumb blonde is a popular - culture derogatory stereotype applied to portraying them as beautiful and sexy , and dumb .
it has maintained its strategic position in south asian media , by offering products , such as its annual " sexy south asian girls calendar " .
isaac hale , writing for popcultureshock , described the art as " attractive and sexy " , but found the plot of the title story " terrible " .
69 sexy things 2 do before you die .
233 is an irregular prime , a full reptend prime , a cousin prime , a chen prime , and a sexy prime .
her song has been described as a sexy latin dance number .
" sexy beast " ( 2000 of jonathan glazer with ben kingsley , ian mcshane , ray winstone , amanda redman , james fox )
such themes are also present in her music videos : she has incorporated her " sexy " image into her videos since " kiseki " through sexually - charged dances and skin - baring outfits .
the song 's lyrics are about putting an effort into the relationship as a female : " if you wanna be a little more sexy , you got ta dip it low " .
in march 2008 , dhalla was included in " anokhi magazine 's " " sexy & successful 2008 " roster .
the first episode showed a sexy young woman seduce a male tv compere , pose for a nude centerfold with a male action - hero tv actor , and then be seduced by a scheming female journalist .
the " intellectually challenged " but sexy wife of caco .
in the series finale , she uses an inflatable body suit to disguise herself as a sexy blonde bikini surfer to seduce roger to make anita think he is cheating her so they will split up and she can get the farm and roger .
appice joined rod stewart 's backing band in 1977 , co - writing songs such as " da ya think i 'm sexy ? " and " young turks " .
she is a very sexy older woman who runs her restaurant like a pro .
they 're sexy and fanservicey , yet in the time of need they 're also smart and brave ; they 're vital in episode 5 , where lori helps an injured dr. yumi to reach the facility in time to fight ashura , and loru temporarily takes leadership over to help fend ashura away until her sister and dr. yumi return .
it 's the lead of the show , she 's sexy and she 's the romantic heroine ... and she gets to play the gamut of human emotion . "
one of hart 's most notable compositions is shawn michaels 's entrance theme , " sexy boy . "
tina carmody ( sophie katinis ) is the smart and sexy personal assistant , who understands the paradoxical world of men 's magazines , is an astute judge of character with a disarming ability to speak her mind .
" you had me from hello " , " she thinks my tractor 's sexy " , and " what i need to do " .
she posed nude in the spanish magazine " interviu " and appeared in a sexy photoshoot at the " h para hombres " magazine as well .
anime news network 's casey brienza commends the english edition of the manga for being " amusing and sexy .
sexy was good , but safe was better .
other characters include baby ( a kooky naive innocent ) , rip ( an affable , dim - witted hunk ) , fingers ( the schemer and bad boy who falls in love with kitten ) , einstein ( a science geek who is madly in love with jj ) , honey ( a bookish wallflower ) , jj ( woody 's girlfriend , a prize winning beauty ) , and kitten ( the lead dancer role ; sexy , self - confident , and bursting with unspent energy ; madly in love with fingers )
he now finds himself rich and ( within his company ) powerful , and married to the boss 's ( bill mccutcheon ) sexy daughter cindy jo bumpers ( rene russo ) .
friday : ( last band standing ) , sofia talvik , manchester orchestra , the enemy , louis xiv , free sol , grizzly bear , cansei de ser sexy
watsuki had no specific design model ; he designed yumi " on the spot " with the intention of her to " be sexy . "
in 2006 and 2007 alba was voted # 1 as the most sexy woman in the world by the norwegian fhm .
in canada , canadian lady adapted by focusing their advertising exclusively on brassieres and repositioned wonderbra as a romantic , fashionable and sexy brand .
" the show featured a " fish - out - of - water " premise as it followed lee 's effort to fit into the collegiate experience , including trying out for the marching band ( as a drummer ) , taking courses in horticulture , chemistry , and literature , and receiving constant support from a sexy and smart tutor .
they attracted a lot of local attention due to their sexy appearance and wild dancing , as well as featuring a lone male chris mitchell on guitar .
sexy with fetish undertones ”
after an unforgettable test drive with a self - assured hairdresser , ford begins to gain confidence not only selling cars , but with his new sexy girlfriend .
in a final number she cocked her tail and flaunted her sexy curves , winking at lucky audience members and ignoring the " get them off you"s from one eager gentleman in the crowd .
further , each member can become fans of any of the friends in their list and can also evaluate whether their friend is " trustworthy " , " cool " , " sexy " on a scale of 1 to 3 ( marked by icons ) and is aggregated in terms of a percentage .
stars as lupe vélez ( before emigrating to hollywood ) , mimi derba , maria conesa " la gatita blanca " , amparo arozamena and many others , caught the attention of an audience that enjoyed his sexy musical routines to the rhythms of the moment .
i 'm bringing sexy back ,
tia 's dad does n't turn up at her last day function and she decides to get his attention by doing a sexy dance on stage in front of everyone .
for example , in the film " friends with money " , jennifer aniston puts on a sexy french maid uniform and cleans her boyfriend 's apartment then goes to bed with him , still wearing the outfit .
sexy " - rose , sandalwood , soft amber .
while a resident of fire island , she had a stormy romantic relationship with tedi thurman , famed in the 1950s as the sexy voice of miss monitor on nbc 's " monitor " .
sexy bitch .
he describes himself as " sexy , competitive , proud and ambitious " who does " his best work under pressure " .
arion berger of rolling stone has said of clarkson that " her high notes are sweet and pillowy , her growl is bone - shaking and sexy , and her midrange is amazingly confident for a pop posy whose career is tied for eternity to the whims of her american idol overlords . "
in 1992 , rca signed on to release the album as the debut of the newly created group try ' n ' b. the self - titled release included three additional tracks not on the real milli vanilli release : " ding dong , " " who do you love , " and a remake of dr. hook 's " sexy eyes . "
" ... with the vintage trumpet sound of cuban great alfredo " chocolate " armenteros as a backdrop , " me odio , " the second single from gloria estefan 's " 90 millas " is a slow , sexy song that 's an invitation to take the dancefloor up close and personal .
cathy is blonde and blue - eyed and beautiful , sexy and petite .
on the topic of the calendar , sandolo has said , " my first sexy calendar is intended to represent my love for golf , my desire for freedom and a touch of coquetry and i ’m instinctively attracted by fashion , elegance and glamour . "
in the 1990s johnson voiced " newt " , a hunting dog on the cartoon " animaniacs " , who futilely became enamored of his target , a sexy female mink named minerva .
the remixed single version 's music video further capitalized on bananarama 's new glamourous and sexy visual image by including several well - muscled , topless men in a montage of shots of the group members .
ruth mccann of " the washington post " called the film " indulgently glossy , refreshingly snarky and legitimately sexy " .
a later shark vegas track ' pretenders of love ' can also be found on the factory us compilation " young , popular & sexy " ( fac us 17 ) .
the techno destructo express does their usual bit and beats oderus and sexy into submission , but instead of going straight into u ai n't shit , they gloat for a while , then say that now the audience has to listen to their techno pop , and some really lame music plays in the background .
in addition , she appeared in a minor role as a reporter on a 2008 episode of the television series " dirty sexy money " , and is reportedly going to appear in a minor role in the upcoming film " rock slyde " .
the one book on view -- " secret picturebook " ( 1973 ) -- is a thick , densely printed , scholarly tome with little pictures of women 's torsos in sexy underwear inserted at intervals .
the four tops - sexy ways
sexy eyes .
uma has admitted several times that he has feelings for the sexy cover girl from davao .
the april 2003 release , " sexy fruit " , had aoi as an aspiring celebrity who gives sexual favors for singing and acting lessons .
one boxed set came with a bonus " sexy mf " cd single , another with a special created cd single of " my name is prince " mixes .
he gained acclaim as the sexy grade school teacher in the cbs sitcom " the new adventures of old christine " opposite julia louis - dreyfus for two years .
says vanessa .. " i wanted it based around a performance - with no acting or showing much skin to be sexy .
kothari is known mainly for her daring costumes and sexy " item numbers " .
the picture was defended as only an effort to give perry a " sexy , harder edge " .
even though the albums have portrayed her in a sexy , lolita - like image , alizée had a " squeaky - clean public image as the perfect teenager " during her teens .
brooke originated the role of andrea in pilot of the abc drama " dirty sexy money " , but was replaced by sheryl lee after she became a series regular on " grey 's anatomy " .
in a 1980 interview , lennon acknowledged that the maharishi was the inspiration for the song : " i just called him ' sexy sadie ' . "
he began working regularly in the film studios of hollywood in 1947 and was a pioneer in bringing the raucous and sexy sounds of jazz and big band styles into the classical tradition of the film studio orchestra .
members are dressed in sexy clothes .
gilly hicks is a lifestyle brand , from american company abercrombie & fitch , specializing in women 's " knickers from casual to sexy , relaxed pj 's and beauty things . "
she is also set to appear in a sexy - horror movie called " ang sumpa " .
it 's basically just saying that to keep your man , you know , you got the good - good , you look sexy , and your still cleaning the house with your high - heels and your shades and your diamonds ! ( laughs ) "
dee dee takes pity on joe and allows him to audition for the role of a " sexy serial killer " .
shorty encounters the same sexy butterface ghost , but instead of being killed is shown having sex with her with a paper bag over her head .
there are two versions of the video - one intercut with clips from the abc series " dirty sexy money " and created to promote the show , and another which is the official video .
" i wrote only two sexy passages , " she remarked , " and my publishers took both of them out .
after finding out it was letterman 's birthday , drew barrymore gave him a " little impromptu birthday present " : she " hopped up on his desk , did a sexy little dance , turned her back to the camera , and flashed her breasts .
sexy body " became a dance floor hit , was released in 2001 by " balloon records " in austria on a compilation album and entered the dj dance charts .
whereas " usa today " concluded : " sexy , witty and unabashedly peculiar , " true blood " is a blood - drenched southern gothic romantic parable set in a world where vampires are out and about and campaigning for equal rights .
rosita went to a show and transformed into a sexy , beautiful lady by way of plastic surgery that fixed her nose and teeth .
since six feet under , she has written on dirty sexy money , grey 's anatomy , tell me you love me and the united states of tara .
his other directorial work includes , amongst others , the series " charmed " , " zoey 101 " , " angel " , " the invisible man " , " arli$$ " , " firefly " , " earth 2 " , " buffy the vampire slayer " , " gilmore girls " , " kenan & kel " , " one tree hill " , " las vegas " , " eureka " and " dirty sexy money " , and the , nickelodeon made for tv movie merry christmas , drake & josh that originally aired during the holiday season 2008 .
she appeared in diverse characters as heroine and performed equally well whether it was a role of a traditional innocent village girl or a very modern sexy bombshell , whether it was a role full of romance and emotions or an action packed role .
she is a photo journalist , and was created by ubisoft developer michel ancel , who had the intention of creating a character who resembled a real person rather than a " sexy action woman . "
michael will fall in love with the very sexy regina ( via negromonte ) sees on the streets and spotted again at a seedy , underground club where the lambada electrifies and ignities the audience .
zakaria goes on to point out that , indeed , the guggenhiem gave up plans for a show " picasso and the age of iron " because it was too old - fashioned to attract a sponsor , and that bmw turned down a request to sponsor a show " masterworks from munich " because munich is n't sexy .
his youngest son , charles gill , is the author of " the boozer challenge " , a sexy romp of the struggling upper class with tongue - in - cheek humor and wit .
they note that " [ her ] high notes are sweet and pillowy , her growl is bone - shaking and sexy , and her midrange is amazingly confident for a pop posy whose career is tied for eternity to the whims of her american idol overlords " .
he claims he has a twin named tobar , and that being sexy is a crime in his country .
but when he meets the sexy and unpredictable chlo , the tables are turned .
many american drama series , such as " californication " , " dirty sexy money " , " desperate housewives " , " beverly hills 90210 " , " the sopranos " , " six feet under " , " 24 " , " commander in chief " and jericho are also present .
bloody dead and sexy .
also they were puritan and did not like seeing the secretaries in their sexy clothing .
he also played a role in which he had fallen in love with a beautiful , sexy girl named eva , played by madi pendleton .
her character was described in " the hollywood reporter " as ' the train 's attractive indian stewardess ' while " time " called her ' lovely ' and " variety " called her character the ' comely train stewardess rita ' , stating that ' newcomer karan makes a strong impression as the sexy " sweet lime " girl ' .
the demons are suave , sexy , powerful ... and have the coolest wings ! "
when first released , audiences under eighteen years of age were prohibited from viewing what were perceived to be numerous sexy scenes throughout , though in recent decades the film 's scandalous reputation has diminished .
valen has also appeared in several infomercials for the bun and thigh roller , slam man , thin ' n sexy body wrap , kevin trudeau 's debt cures " they " do n't want you to know about , and the instyler .
lupertazzi offers him the role on the basis of kingsley 's real - life performance in " sexy beast " .
qx men was able to catch up with the sexy 24-year - old on the set of his latest movie “ boys with toys ” , where he takes the lead role , and ask him about his career so far , winning “
popstar’ connects the iconic hard - boiled yet sexy style of film noir gangster movies of the past with the modern day black and white chic .
in november 2006 , he was named a " sexy surprise " by " people " in the sexiest man alive honors .
when she commented that german engineering is so sexy , she caused the beetle to blush and turn red .
wherein the usually young lead star dons a sexy top which would look even sexier when the star goes for a swim because of the wet look .
in her review in " entertainment weekly " , lisa schwarzbaum also rated it " d " and called it " turgid and lifeless ... those who have read gabriel garcía márquez 's glowing and sexy 1988 novel [ sic ] about one man 's grand love for a woman who marries another are bound to be peevishly disappointed ... those who haven't read the book will now never understand the ardor of those who have — at least not based on all the hammy traipsing and coupling and scene - hopping thrown together here . "
for instance , the costume and the cover artwork for the character samuree were often revealing , and she was sometimes drawn in sexy poses on the cover of her comic .
the song was released on september 3 along with " sexy !
the song remains famous thanks to its sexy music video .
the 1983 film , " sexy doll : abe sada sansei " , made use of abe 's name in the title .
the group released , in 2005 , a 10 year celebrative dvd which was certified triple platinum . " morenas " and " loiras " of the group maintain the tradition of posing nude for men 's magazines but , after their peak , less popular " revista sexy " has replaced " playboy " in their preferences : silmara miranda ( october 2003 ) , scheila carvalho ( october 2005 ) , aline rosado & juliane almeida ( february 2006 ) .
everything changes when she meets sexy zach danner ( lucian mcafee ) , a down - to - earth guy .
some critics , including eastwood 's biographer richard schnickel believed that the sexual content of the film and love scenes were too soft to be memorable for such a potentially scandalous relationship between harmon and breezy , commenting that , " it is not a sexy movie .
dante begins to fight randal for getting him in trouble , but he is told by the sexy stud they will get released , since there is no crime for watching an interspecies sex act .
davies has described the programme as " a dark , clever , wild , sexy , british crime / sci - fi paranoid thriller cop show with a sense of humour — " the x - files " meets " this life " . "
through the years , the members have gone through various style and image changes , from cute to sexy to mature , without losing their strong fanbase .
even kolea ( after regaining his former personality ) found himself admiring her rear while running along behind her on herodor , and acknowledges her as a " sexy woman " .
you sexy thing .
their objective is to defeat that man , who desires to become a god by seducing the great will and pedro 's " sexy wife . "
she also danced a sexy tango choreography with one of the judges , jason roditis .
it 's smart , good - looking , sexy , fun ... dirty , naughty and knowing . " thomson does make clear , however , he is a great fan of director ridley scott 's work .
in 2003 , the car manufacturer nissan , who had for several years courted the " soccer - mom " image , repositioned its quest minivan as " stylish , sexy and desirable " .
a prime triplet contains a pair of twin primes ( " p " and " p"+2 , or " p"+4 and " p"+6 ) , a pair of cousin primes ( " p " and " p"+4 , or " p"+2 and " p"+6 ) , and a pair of sexy primes ( " p " and " p"+6 ) .
while he was with them , they had a uk # 1/6 hit with " when you 're in love with a beautiful woman " and a uk # 4/us # 5 hit with " sexy eyes " .
billboard describes the first single from the album as " a sexy , uptempo romp about newfound love that proves simpson 's pop intuition . "
in another interview she reveals that her character dresses to appear sexy and confident on her sexuality . and with another the itv official website saying : " she can be very feisty but she 's just a normal , vulnerable , 17-year - old girl and she 's very confused .
afterward , galo is watching a soccer game in the living room while esmeralda is cleaning , when his stepmother , sofia , enters the room in a sexy bathing suit .
james kang , marketing director for warner music in asia , noted that koda 's sexy image is popular not only with men but also with women , even " japanese aunties " , because she uses her image to " make a feminist statement [ ... ] she 's constantly telling women to believe in themselves and do what they want to do " .
in late 2008 , ryan launched a dramatic musical adaptation of the classic , gothic love - story " wuthering heights " by emily bronte , narrated by " beowulf " and " sexy beast " star ray winstone .
picks up considerably when it quotes from donald vining 's diaries , and we can only regret that gustav - wrathall did not spice his tale with more of this kind of personal , and sexy , anecdotes .
ackerman named the sexy comic - book character vampirella and wrote the origin story for the comic .
list of dirty sexy money episodes .
thomas pynchon , who later dedicated his most well - known book " gravity 's rainbow " ( 1973 ) to his friend , described fariña 's novel as " coming on like the hallelujah chorus done by 200 kazoo players with perfect pitch ... hilarious , chilling , sexy , profound , maniacal , beautiful and outrageous all at the same time . "
in an interview with the " herald sun " , the veronicas discuss the original concept for the " hook me up " video which had a sexy theme but was later changed after they explained to the director that this was not related to the message in the song .
elvis 's singing was n't sexy , it was pornographic . " as a whole , the record " conjured up the vision of a performer who could be all things " , in the words of music historian john robertson : " a flirtatious teenage idol with a heart of gold ; a tempestuous , dangerous lover ; a gutbucket blues singer ; a sophisticated nightclub entertainer ; [ a ] raucous rocker " .
gamedaily listed her 13th on the top 50 hottest video game women list , describing her as both sexy and dangerous . ugo.com editor locke webster ranked lulu the 27th hottest video game girl , stating that nomura 's attempt to create a cross between a fashion model and a black mage character was a success .
they also had an adult imprint , sexy fruit .
" sexy as hell " is the sixth studio album by german singer – songwriter sarah connor , released in german - speaking europe on 22 august 2008 by x - cell records .
after the lone alto sax tune , the lush and sexy “
activeanime 's rachel bentham commends " hot limits art as " racy , sexy and hot " , and has praised kanbe 's skill at drawing " subtle facial expressions " .
chris ( luke perry ) , a young police officer , meets the attractive and sexy pamela ( ashley judd ) , and immediately falls in love with her .
she wore the same style of glasses for almost 30 years ( in her youth she was nicknamed " miss sexy spex " ) , before dev alahan crushed them with a box when she put them down for a second .
the album features the # 5 hit " ( she 's ) sexy + 17 " and top 40 hit " i wo n't stand in your way . "
atlas media corp. ’s television projects have covered a great variety of topics and genres including history ( " american eats " , " breaking vegas " ) , travel ( " mysterious places " , " exotic islands " , " things you have to see to believe " ) , science and technology ( " supertools " , " factory floor " ) , medical mystery ( ' , " skeleton stories " ) , wildlife ( " maneaters of the wild " , " shark terror with stacy keach " ) , comedy ( " how they won with mo rocca " ) , adventure ( " everest : mountain of dreams " , " mountain of doom " ) , light entertainment ( " out of this world " , " amazing people " ) , food ( " top 5 " , " extreme cuisine " , " behind the bash with giada delaurentiis " ) , fine art ( " art attack with lee standstead " ) , disaster ( " it could happen tomorrow " ) , lifestyle ( " all year round with katie brown " , " survival guide " , " romantic inns " ) , pop culture ( " biography " , " young , sexy & ... " , " royal families of the world " , " tv game show hall of fame " ) , and game shows ( " spend it fast ! " , " bragging rights " , " beach ambush " ) .
in singapore it was called " sexy eyes - the album " .
marvin cut his very first music video with this song where surrounded by his band and a duo of sexy female dancers , he danced and lip - synched the song in a flashy red outfit .
his first official album entitled : " sexy smooth " was released in january of 1993 and did quite well in the states as well as many other countries .
she has a weak spot for sexy shoes ; peanut butter and piping hot potato wedges .
ryū also helps fumino dress sexy for kazuma .
following radiohead 's 1993 " pablo honey " tour of america , yorke became disenchanted at being " right at the sharp end of the sexy , sassy , mtv eye - candy lifestyle " he felt he was helping to sell to the world .
right before his departure , santiago receives an unexpected visit from his stepsister ximena ( elsa pataky ) , a vibrant , sexy spanish photographer and her husband iñigo ( enrique murciano ) , a brash art - collector from new york .
in 2004 bloody dead and sexy toured the usa .
while often touted as literary prose , " the pure weight of the heart " also follows many conventions of the romance novel genre , with the impossibly beautiful , flawed heroine , and the mysterious , flawed , but incredibly sexy hero , who , after a series of misunderstandings , finally reach a resolve ... of sorts .
she also says that liz makes " smart " look " sexy " .
in early 2005 , melissa tkautz made a special appearance at arq nightclub in sydney for the very popular retrosexual theme night , performing re - worked versions of her hit songs " read my lips " and " sexy ( is the word ) " .
for " n " = 6 , it says there are infinitely many sexy primes ( " p " , " p"+6 ) with no prime between " p " and " p"+6 .
sosnovska and riegel together as lena and bianca " became that couple " and the audience was given " the chance to see two sexy , confident , and very out women together as daytime television 's first lesbian couple " .
the festival repertoire , from classical to jazz , from sacred to sexy , is designed to suit an eclectic variety of tastes .
this includes the " geisha girl / lotus flower / servant / china doll : submissive , docile , obedient , reverential ; the vixen / sex nymph : sexy , coquettish , manipulative ; tendency toward disloyalty or opportunism ; the prostitute / victim of sex trade / war / oppression : helpless , in need of assistance or rescue ; good - natured at heart . "
later in the year , the sexy savannah unexpectedly left the monsters for the shannon burke show ; she was terminated february 6 , 2006 .
the tuba players , flag team , and percussion section take perverse delight in twisting the staid conventions of their respective forms , and it can be downright disorienting to spot a sexy trombone player . " - hiya swanhuyser – sf weekly 2005
after touring for over a year in support of the album , you , me , and everyone we know band re - released " party for the grown and sexy " on january 28 , 2008 , via rushmore records with two extra tracks , " livin ' th ' dream " and " dirty laundry , " along with new artwork .
he is not overly confident and blushes when he hears the girls call him " hot " and " sexy . "
eisgekühlter bommerlunder " was n't originally released on any albums , but the song was released later on the 1993 best - of album " reich & sexy " .
explicit sex stories in general , especially in " anime " fan fiction , are known as lemon , lemony - goodness , and lemonade , a term which comes from a japanese slang term meaning " sexy " that itself derives from an early pornographic cartoon series called " cream lemon " .
the remaining two women taylor must persuade to fall in love with him are erin cooper , a sexy philadelphia eagles cheerleader , and eleanor larimore , an attractive older woman .
on its life & style section that includes editorial and video content on grooming , fashion , food , gadgets and opinions , all reflecting the sexy , stylish and sophisticated playboy lifestyle .
the task was given to ruud gullit to turn things round , on the now - infamous promise of delivering ' sexy football ' to tyneside .
they set up camp outside the reign towers , pointing out a sexy secret service agent named isabella molina ( roselyn sánchez ) , who carter met and tried to woo on ricky tan 's yacht .
