as they race against time sara also has to deal with a young patient named jimmy powell who 's been diagnosed with leukemia , and ominous postcards connected to a horrendous event from her time in residency , while lena tries to stay on the rails as she shoulders the crushing grief and guilt the death of her sister brought .
the bridge will be tall at its highest point and will carry six traffic lanes , eight - foot inside and ten - foot outside shoulders , and a bicycle / pedestrian path .
the falls are formed where stoney creek starts to descend in steps from the shoulders of the gorge .
another crest -- " a man 's head sidefaced , couped at the shoulders proper , on the head a long cap , barry of six or and sable , at the end two strings and tasselled gold . "
she was listened to with great attention , and when she had finished , she received plaudits as professor rinaldini proceeded to award her with the insignia of the doctorate , placing the wreath of laurel on her head , the ring on her finger , and over her shoulders the ermine mozetta .
on the shoulders is the primary " a " logo .
the following season , the logo became the primary logo , and the " flying penguin " logo ( also with a " vegas gold " triangle instead of yellow ) was relegated to secondary status , and only on the shoulders of the team 's jerseys , until it was quietly retired in 2007 when the team introduced their version of the rbk edge uniforms .
" and so , countrymen , semi - colon , all shoulders to the wheel , semi - quaver , we 'll carry on till we get the axis semi - circle , and hitler asks us for a full stop ! "
when " jing bao " was first launched , he wrote the famous slogan " tie jian la shou " ( 鐡肩辣手） which literally means " iron shoulders and critical hands " , meaning that it is the newspaper 's responsibility to criticize whatever unjust in the society .
the mozzetta is a short elbow - length cape that covers the shoulders and is buttoned over the breast .
the pintupi of the western desert would attach a double strand of plaited rope ( " ngalyibi " ) made of hair or plant fibre to sling the coolamon over their shoulders .
they were away through the day 's intermediate sprint , and roe was able to claim the menglers hill climb , putting three of the four major jerseys on these riders ' shoulders at day 's end .
it is armed with heavy cannons on its shoulders and arms and tank - type treads instead of legs .
after the season , because of the accumulation of wear and tear , he ended up needing surgery to repair both shoulders and decided to retired .
the chunari can be worn over the head or pinned artistically over shoulders .
the shoulders should be relaxed .
it extends vertically in the chest and curves posteriorly to the left carotid artery and left internal jugular vein at the c7 vertebral level to empty into the junction of the left subclavian vein and left jugular vein , below the clavicle , near the shoulders .
he walked deliberately into a carpenter 's shop , took up a drawing knife , and with one stroke nearly severed his head from his shoulders . "
a small long - tailed predominantly green and yellow bird with black scalloped markings on the wings and shoulders in the wild , the budgerigar has been bred extensively with a profusion of colour forms resulting .
she was one of the faces of gina department store and she has also been the spokesperson for head & shoulders in venezuela .
they initially try to leave the island by ferry , dragging bernie draped over their shoulders to look like he 's walking between them .
two planets in from squornshellous zeta , it is inhabited by square cushions who enjoy being rubbed up against , especially with people 's shoulders .
locally - based morris unearthed a mass of previously - hidden information about price which included the fact that he was a conman who left school at 16 , and lived a double - life as a paper - bag salesman and as an expert on psychic matters rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous .
the wings and back are brown with sky blue spots on the shoulders .
part of the duties of the umpire making calls at home plate includes defining the strike zone , which " is defined as that area over homeplate " ( sic ) " the upper limit of which is a horizontal line at the midpoint between the top of the shoulders and the top of the uniform pants , and the lower level is a line at the hollow beneath the kneecap . "
" the fun never stops " is a 1993 album by american band shoulders .
i mean , our heads would have returned to our shoulders at some point , but ... it felt like cheating .
women wrapped a length of cloth around themselves leaving the shoulders bare or wore a skirt and took the front end between the legs and tied it in the back .
if there is no deacon serving , the priest will place the aër around his own shoulders like a cape , which will leave his hands free to take both the diskos and the chalice .
by the final volume of the manga , anzu 's hair touches her shoulders .
a " long putter " is even longer and is designed to be anchored from the chest or even the chin and similarly reduces the impact of the hands , wrists , elbows and shoulders .
polarbot is robot who is armed with cannons on his shoulders , wrist , arms , and chest .
in 1841 , the " light bobs situation was compared unfavourably with his enemy 's light marching order : " buckle him up in a tight red jacket , when the thermometer is about 80° ; place across his breast two buff - leather belts , about a quarter of an inch in thickness , and each what the milliners call a nail in breadth ; hang to one of them a cartouche - box containing sixty rounds of ball cartridges , each of these about above an ounce in weight ; strap across his shoulders a square well - packed wallet , containing four shirts , with or without frills , and other " notions " ; plant a cap on his head which in point of weight is equal to an iron pot ; then place over his shoulder a musket and bayonet weighing a stone ; with three days ' provisions in his haversack , and a couple of quarts of liquid in a canteen . "
each arm has two degrees of freedom , allowing the shoulders to flex and rotate to imitate human shoulder joint movement ; the robot can raise and lowers its arms , grab objects , and clap .
the sudden tapering to the base of its neck gives it the appearance of shoulders , unique among cetaceans .
the garazzo has a similar appearance to the gadessa , retaining much of the frame while adding spikes to the shoulders and knuckles , as well as adding a shield built into its left shoulder .
nina achieved what she should have from the start and sits down on the bench next to the tamed v. where their shoulders touch peacefully .
on dragon boat festival people would wear sachets especially children , they wear various kinds of sachets which can drive out evils on their chests , backs and shoulders .
the convicted or captured are shown talking about their experience ( the interviewer is never heard or seen ) , on a close - up shot of their face and shoulders , and as they speak , detailed , reconstructed footage is shown with actors that resemble the convicted .
the test sites have minimum 12-foot paved shoulders and high accident rates due to inattention .
the job was completed with wider shoulders and a wider sidewalk on the new bridge .
this task of uniting the church falls not on the shoulders of the christian association of washington , but on the church at large .
by contemporary accounts , he was a big man , possibly taller than murat , who was nearly six feet tall , with broad shoulders and a big voice .
cobra is double jointed , and can dislocate and snap back into place his shoulders and hips at will , and has a phenomenal mastery of his musculature .
however , before he can claim it , a huge creature bursts out and kills him , tearing his head from his shoulders .
variety 's laura fries aserts that " kimberly williams is doe - eyed and pretty and is heavily featured throughout , but 10 hours is a lot for this star to carry on her shoulders . "
to prove his theory , he then towed an automobile chassis on a rope over his shoulders through the ford plant while others added the parts .
small black patches on the shoulders set off the white chest .
the golden shoulders have also had several songs featured on the episodic video blog , lonelygirl15 .
his father was away much of the time , and therefore the education of the family laid almost entirely his mother ’s shoulders .
men use it as a turban , a cummerbund or wind it around their shoulders or simply drape it over one shoulder .
muscle wasting begins in the legs and pelvis , then progresses to the muscles of the shoulders and neck , followed by loss of arm muscles and respiratory muscles .
a dark shawl is usually thrown over the shoulders .
• 8,500 highway miles with 4-foot shoulders to accommodate bicycles
during the 1998 baseball winter meetings , johnson said that admitting the truth was like having " a 50,000 pound weight " taken off his shoulders .
using a sword and a rifle , the frog fangire can fire energy warts on his shoulders .
in certain situations , such as an engaging single - lane highways with narrow shoulders , with a low accident rate , high precipitation , in a northern climate with frequent freeze - thaw cycles , rumble strip effectiveness may be negligible or conceivably negative .
billy frequently rode a bicycle with his dulcimer strapped to his back , with the ends sticking out above his shoulders .
a black - fur ruffle travels the edge of the bodice to travel along the collar , the ruffle is largest behind the neck , resting over her shoulders and covering the junction of her black feathered wings ( it is unknown wether the ruffle is attached to her wings or just rests upon them ) .
highlights of the show included a surprise appearance by michael jackson at the end of n'sync 's performance and a controversial performance from britney spears , in which she danced seductively to " i 'm a slave 4 u " , while utilizing a host of live animals , including a large albino snake draped over her shoulders .
daffy looks at the camera and shrugs his shoulders .
kanto : " first the introduction , then the lyrics , shake your shoulders to a violin , solo , cock your head and shimmy in oriental dance style , leap around like a partridge , then slowly disappear behind the curtain . "
advocating positivity , unity , and empowerment and taking cues from legendary rabble - rousers and free thinkers like jello biafra , benjamin franklin , cynthia mckinney , and ron paul , the empire shall fall ’s passion for and dedication to their political causes forms the backbone of the band and sets them a head and shoulders apart from their peers .
in the new england area of the united states , mycologist howard bigelow has noted it to grow on road shoulders in grass near oaks ; it also has a predilection for growing on sloping creek banks .
hence the entire torso is attached to the shoulders by powerful muscles , tendons , and ligaments .
he and lövkvist nearly touched shoulders and crashed , but both held their lines and stayed upright .
the fact that we can not use the south and west coasts of ireland to refuel our flotillas and aircraft and thus protect the trade by which ireland as well as great britain lives , is a most heavy and grievous burden and one which should never have been placed on our shoulders , broad though they may be .
when helo shows signs of stress , the eight massages his shoulders just as his wife , sharon " athena " agathon has done .
after months of hard labour , carrying the earth on their heads and shoulders , the place was now fit enough for the construction of an underground room and two other rooms over it , along with a room for his old parents .
the adult has a purple - blue back , black head and shoulders , white neck collar and throat , and rufous underparts .
in 1826 delvigne , a french infantry officer , invented a breech with abrupt shoulders on which a spherical bullet was rammed down until it caught the rifling grooves .
as a young child louis xv was made aware of the heavy responsibility that rested on his shoulders .
british red cross volunteers in the therapeutic care service are also active in hospitals and other care settings , such as care homes , where they enter and give patients a therapeutic massage of the head , neck , shoulders and hands through the patient 's clothing , to help relax them , particularly at stressful times , and encourage a sense of wellbeing .
the festival is an up - to - date version of the tradition of salon music , which dates back to centuries past , and of the jazz clubs and parisian café - theatres where audiences would rub shoulders with the artists .
for services , the subdeacon is vested in a stikhar with an orar tied around his waist , up over his shoulders ( forming a cross in back ) , and with the ends crossed over , and tucked under the section around the waist ..
there is also a variation in which it appears as though the attacking wrestler is executing a powerbomb but instead pushes his or her opponent off their shoulders and grabs the opponent 's head for the facebuster .
bell also told his relatives and acquaintances that , while he was a bird , he could fly much better than a bird , because he kept his shoulders oiled .
while at nyit greg rubbed shoulders with many cgl veterans including lance williams , pat hanrahan , carter burwell , fred parke , peter oppenheimer and many others .
stevenson linked pirates forever with maps , black schooners , tropical islands , and one - legged seamen with parrots on their shoulders .
it may help to hold the arms out slightly bent at the elbow , and when the shoulders are moved , keep the hands in the same position .
sheltered instruction is more of a teacher - driven approach that puts the responsibility on the teachers ' shoulders .
from there , bicyclists can ride paved shoulders into the gary - new duluth neighborhoods of duluth .
james snyder , perhaps unaware the painting had been cut down , compares the " fractional figures " on the sides of the painting to those in geertgen 's " man of sorrows " , and says they " bring the viewer into the picture , allowing him to look over their shoulders " .
with the referee securing the chain with his back turned to the match , cena hit big show with hidden brass knuckles and hoisted the big show up onto his shoulders for his finishing move , fu .
these portraits were always painted , with no real person ever having posed as a model , and they never showed the character from the shoulders down .
capone instead grabbed his shoulders and shook him violently , demanding to know why howard had mistreated his friend . "
final competition between the last 2 kids was by holding shoulders and tapping the opposite shoulder to win .
its back and wings are maroon , with the shoulders heavily speckled with white spots .
daladier was born in carpentras , vaucluse ( later , he would become known to many as " the bull of vaucluse " because of his thick neck and large shoulders and determined look , although cynics also quipped that his horns were like those of a snail ) .
after thorne was defeated , hill re - instated gordon but spent the rest of his time in office trying to shift the blame for the state of gotham onto gordon 's shoulders .
band member dax pierson , who was paralyzed from the shoulders down after a february 2005 tour van accident has been able to contribute to the album , composing music in ableton live .
the fuertes 's parrot is about a foot long and is green with indigo wing feathers , red shoulders , and a blue crown .
according to the director 's commentary , the animated lightning on connor 's shoulders when he receives the prize was actually supposed to disguise the wires - ironically , this may have just drawn more attention to them .
he then followed by lifting up jarrett onto his shoulders and dropping him onto the cello to perform what he dubbed the jackknife powerbomb .
because of its status as a connector between southwind maritime centre and interstate 64 , state road 69 has exceptionally wide shoulders throughout much of its route , especially in the section north of mount vernon .
its sculpture present several spiral cords and axial ribs , some of which can form knobs on the whorls shoulders .
artistically , the gandharan school of sculpture is said to have contributed wavy hair , drapery covering both shoulders , shoes and sandals , acanthus leaf decorations , etc .
due to jones ' skill at converting trial transcripts , his record is 5 - 0 while mr. rodriguez shoulders the defeats at 0 - 147 .
the game was schembechler 's first bowl victory , and the coach was carried off the field on muransky 's shoulders .
there is no indication of swelling of trapezius on the outline of shoulders .
the traditional image of her as a remarkable yet human leader , throwing her yard - long breasts over her shoulders when going into battle astride an elephant , has been handed down from generation to generation .
while driving , kenneth loses control of one bus and crashes when a chainsaw goes slashing into monica 's shoulders and the splatter of blood covers the windshield .
then aged 19 terry wiles played himself in the bbc television ' play for today ' film ' on giant 's shoulders ' ( 1977 ) which starred judi dench as hazel wiles and bryan pringle as len wiles .
in regard to jews getting " civil rights , " he wrote that this would only be possible if one managed " to cut off all their heads in one night , and to set new ones on their shoulders , which should contain not a single jewish idea . "
that allows the shoulders full range of movement ) .
past endorsements include esprit , head & shoulders shampoo and other brands in asia , mostly in taiwan and mainland china .
an x - ray study of 100 shoulders in us soldiers found considerable variation in the size and shape of the joint .
some contemporary sources , such as mary wollstonecraft and thomas jefferson , place the blame of the french revolution and the subsequent reign of terror squarely on marie antoinette 's shoulders ; others , such as those who knew her ( her lady - in - waiting madame campan and the royal governess , the marquise de tourzel , among them ) , focus more on her sweet character and considerable courage in the face of misunderstanding and adversity .
the section between bar ilan and gat rimon is built to full freeway standards , fully grade - separated with three to four lanes in each direction and wide shoulders , however the road is not signed as a freeway .
sr 181 is constructed as a modern 2-lane facility with paved shoulders and a speed limit throughout its length .
the type of marching that is done is called close - order drill , where they use only half and quarter steps while touching shoulders much like the early british military used in warfare .
he has black hair cut to his shoulders , and large tilted blue eyes which are said to be sapphire .
she is described as being " a couple of years older than him [ turner ] , slim , with brown frizzy hair tumbling down to her shoulders " .
it was nice to have shoulders .
the polish cryptologists and commanders were thus regularly able to look over the shoulders of the bolshevik commanders , including mikhail tukhachevski himself , and their superior , leon trotsky.1 ( in this regard , the red army repeated mistakes that had been made in world war i by its tsarist predecessor vis - a - vis the german army , and that had contributed fundamentally to the russian 1914 defeat at tannenberg.2 ) polandʼs cryptological achievements in the polish - soviet war were a prelude to the spectacular achievements of her general staffʼs cipher bureau ( biuro szyfrów ) , from december 1932 , in decrypting german enigma machine ciphers .
when he later had lawler in a clawhold on the mat with lawler 's shoulders down , the referee saw the blood on kerry 's head , thought it was excessive , and stopped the match .
while performing " i 'm a slave 4 u " , she used caged animals as props and danced with a large albino python draped over her shoulders .
the three knights ... struggled violently to put him on tracy ’s shoulders ...
he uses his tail as a battle axe in robot mode , and his cyber key activates two dragon heads on his shoulders . (
kane caught his brother running and delivered a chokeslam but lifted his shoulders off the mat before the three count could be made , putting him into a sleeper hold that undertaker eventually fought out of with a flurry of punches .
unlike the previous variation , this device variant sees a head scissors throw used to pull the opponent forward off the shoulders of the other wrestler .
locke had to fight his fear of snakes by allowing a snake to rest on his shoulders .
then , a woman enters his room , massaging his shoulders .
two of the marines with him had died in the battle , but he carried the remaining man on his shoulders to safety ; the other man weighed 230 lb ( 104 kg ) compared to ross ' 140 lb ( 64 kg ) .
the russian success was along the southern shoulders of the offensive where armenian volunteers were effective and took karaköse and doğubeyazıt .
in 2002 , his younger brother norman arrived and extra responsibility was put on theo 's shoulders , especially when his business began to fall apart .
the wrestler lifts the opponent so that they are seated on the wrestler 's shoulders , facing away from him , as in a powerbomb .
the term " limb - girdle " is used to describe these disorders because the muscles most severely affected are generally those of the hips and shoulders -- the limb girdle muscles .
a similar thing happens with the arms when the upper body is sliced too , being cut under the shoulders .
however , when the lift reaches its full height , the " flyer " on top of the lift will jump off of her teammate 's shoulders , usually performing some sort of acrobatic movement or position .
later on atlas was depicted carrying a globe on his shoulders .
stays incorporated in a neck corset are specially made shorter ones , used to support the weight of the head on the shoulders , while its corset structure helps in maintaining posture by keeping the chin high and the neck extended .
for long range , there are twin plasma beam cannons , which is wing - mounted and mounted over shoulders in use .
this is a very complex device , but essentially it covers the head and shoulders during ascent from a stranded submarine , allowing air to escape during ascent , which is necessary as the expanding air in the lungs would otherwise cause disastrous injury .
usually the crew will return to their normal duties after brushing shoulders with rapido and/or razmo .
also before the start of the match and second half , gomes jumps up above the goal with his shoulders , pumping up the psv supporters .
richard corliss of " time " named " wall - e " as his favorite film of 2008 , noting the film succeeded in " connect[ing ] with a huge audience " despite the main characters ' lack of speech and " emotional signifiers like a mouth , eyebrows , shoulders [ and ] elbows " .
it has blue wings and brown shoulders and blue rump .
cena won the match by pinning tomko after lifting tomko onto his shoulders and slamming him down to the mat .
most swimsuits in western culture leave at least the head , shoulders , arms , and lower part of the leg ( below the knee ) exposed .
in stark contrast to the pacemen of today he stood just five feet six inches , but , like fred trueman , was notably strong in the shoulders and thighs .
on the upper arms , between the elbow and shoulders , the jersey has an additional orange stripe , where prior jerseys had no stripe .
joe was later licensed for use in a series of animated tv commercials for head & shoulders , a dandruff shampoo .
the plastic figure is jointed at the neck , shoulders , elbows , wrists , waist , hips , knees , and ankles ; like captain action , you can pose him in 1001 positions .
when the exercises are done , power is generated from the back to pass through the shoulders and then reach the arms .
roberts returned to the uk with her boyfriend , and appeared in various commercials , including the woolwich building society and " head & shoulders " shampoo .
both styles require riders to have a solid seat , with the hips and shoulders balanced over the feet , with hands independent of the seat so as to avoid jerking the horse in the mouth and interfering with its performance .
the best known include : " chi - town " and the " windy city " with reference to chicago politicians and residents boasting about their city ; " second city , " due to the city 's rebirth after the great chicago fire of 1871 , although often also attributed to generally being the second largest city in the nation at the time and the second most prestigious in the nation in terms of culture , entertainment , and finance , and because for much of the twentieth century chicago 's population was the second largest of any city in the united states ; and the " city of big shoulders " , referring to its numerous skyscrapers ( whose steel frame designs were largely pioneered in chicago ) , described as being husky and brawling .
during performances , punch frequently strikes scaramouche , causing his head to come off of his shoulders .
the conclusion to the match saw america 's most wanted cuff daniels to the ropes and perform triple x 's signature maneuver , the powerplex by lifting skipper up onto storm 's shoulders while harris held skipper 's head .
despite being recently built it has no hard shoulders , bus lanes or cycle tracks ; is a single carriageway narrow two - lane road and has eight ( 8) roundabouts in that 2 kilometers .
it is a medium size parrot ( 31 cm ) , primarily green except for a light blue rear crown and nape , pale blue lower back and rump , scalloped shoulders with orange - brown on black coverts , and blackish underwings with green underwing coverts .
frowth giants are extremely large , standing roughly twenty feet tall and eight feet wide at the shoulders .
it represents a seated figure with prominent male genitals and is badly damaged , with the head and shoulders missing .
the head and shoulders pattern is a commonly found pattern in the price charts of financially traded assets ( stocks , bonds , futures , etc ) .
then , using his fingers , he takes some of the blessed oil floating on the surface of the baptismal water and anoints the catechumen on the forehead , breast , shoulders , ears , hands and feet .
after several weeks the baby makes the change from the sideways position over the shoulders to riding on her back .
this method creates an imaginary quadrant along the swimmer 's body with the head and shoulders at the center of the 4 quadrants .
its dominant feature is a large bronze statue of a british first world war soldier dressed in battle gear , wearing a helmet , woolen scarf , and a greatcoat draped over his shoulders .
the wwf did incredible business on the shoulders of mcmahon and his all - american babyface hero , hulk hogan , for the next several years , creating what some observers dubbed a second golden age for professional wrestling .
this term is often applied to the shoulders ( e.g. dropping them to a normal condition after shrugging them would be depression ) .
a full slip hangs from the shoulders , usually by means of narrow straps , and extends from the breast to the fashionable skirt length .
performed in conjunction with certain drum cadences , " shake the fringe " refers to the effect that results from a longhorn band member moving their shoulders back and forth in quick , violent motions .
the band members remove their heads from their bodies in the video , and as the song finishes danny goffey 's head can be seen being knocked off of his shoulders and flying across the stage until it hits a speaker and falls .
pinter 's play was made into a film in 1983 ; this was the first important film set in reverse chronology , though it was preceded by the czech comedy " happy end " , ( 1968 ) , a farce which starts with a guillotined man finding his head popped back on his shoulders and ends with him as a new - born being pushed back into his mother 's womb .
the rocky slope near st. peter 's chapel is has more than a dozen tombs cut into the rock in the shape of human bodies , with places for the head , shoulders and feet .
so , auden has to stay mostly paralyzed from his shoulders down .
for much of the section between u.s. route 219 east of parsons and its southern end at west virginia route 32 , wv 72 consists of a single paved lane with narrow gravel shoulders .
he dwells between his shoulders .
it is amusing , but not at all incongruous , to find gregorian melodies and jazzy rhythms rubbing shoulders , for they are blended in a creatively spontaneous texture .
the abdomen is bright orange - red on the back and the sides , with a longitudinal black stripe in the center and black shoulders .
likewise , toby moll would probably have rubbed shoulders with eric milroy , noel humphreys or phil waller in the 1910 british isles tour of south africa .
the battle resulted in a tie , however , and in the end it took the combined might of godzilla and king caesar to remove mechagodzilla 's head from his shoulders , ending the threat .
the term is the latin plural of the name atlas – the titan who was forced to hold the sky on his shoulders for eternity .
instead , he was jointed at head , shoulders and hips only .
the style includes moves such as delivering a kick during a back flip or bending so far back that your shoulders touch the ground .
mr. america ” who flexes his muscles and plays the harmonica while balancing a blonde woman on his shoulders , a number of routines featuring solo women ( including lili st. cyr ) in various acts of undressing , and several comedy sketches including diamond , kay and harris
it has no discernible crest , with the head feathers a velvety black , the shoulders and back a deep purplish blue and all other parts a rich chestnut purple .
over the centuries that followed , europe continued to have two distinct types of bowed instruments : one , relatively square - shaped , held in the arms , became known as the lira da braccio ( " arm viol " ) family ; the other , with sloping shoulders and held between the knees , was the lira da gamba ( " leg viol " ) group .
the neck is long and slightly arched , the chest deep , the shoulders are well sloped and muscular .
michael gets a job , leaving owen at the squat , but returns to find that haddock , who he knows is gay , is in his dressing gown , has his arm around the boy ’s shoulders and has been letting owen smoke pot .
the wrestler first drapes an opponent over their shoulders in a fireman 's carry position .
depending on the formality of the event , bare shoulders may or may not be acceptable .
behra had big shoulders and was scarred from 12 crashes .
they kept warm by wearing a buffalo robe over their shoulders or over their heads if it became cold .
as of october 2005 , portions of the highway between killeen and florence are four lanes with median , or two lanes with shoulders .
in 2008 , engine room released several albums , including porter block 's second and third albums , " off our shoulders " and " pueblo a go go " .
this time of family grief and upheaval had a direct effect upon jan ; now , as the eldest son , the weight of family expectation fell squarely upon his shoulders .
after the vote , smith stood and stated , " i have thrown him off my shoulders , and you have again put him on me .
at st mellons it runs continuously into a further of the dual - carriageway a48 , which also features ( albeit narrow ) hard shoulders .
although the sha'ar hagai - jerusalem section is fully grade separated , the road does not meet freeway standards due to narrow shoulders , dangerous turns and difficult slopes , and the speed limit on this section is 80 km / h .
sunshine on my shoulders .
it shows townley in herm form - head and neck only , without full shoulders or arms - with a bare neck , dishevelled hair and a pensive expression .
he is tall and handsome with a strong , square face with blue eyes and a good smile , his hair is dark red , though graying , with broad shoulders .
this section has no shoulders .
in the film , a november calendar appears on which an animated turkey jumps back and forth between the two weeks , until he gives up and shrugs his shoulders at the audience .
these portraits are a unique example of art during jahangir 's reign because before , and for sometime after , faces were not drawn full , head - on and including the shoulders as well as the head as these drawings are .
every crack of the whip which fell on the shoulders of the negrito seemed at the time to the true don juan as it is was lashing his own body and flesh .
without gravity to hold the runner to the surface of the treadmill , designers added elastic straps that fit around the shoulders and waist in order to keep the runner from rocketing across the space station with the first hard step .
five days later , corpus barga published a report in el sol with verbal portraits of some of those present : paul valery , " the poet of the day , making gestures like a shipwrecked man drowning in the waves of feminine shoulders ' ; stravinsky , " a mouse among the cats " and pablo picasso " in evening dress , and mobbed by everybody , [ who ] seems as though he is resting in a corner with his hat pulled down over one eyebrow " , and the artist josé maria sert .
many reports are probably large leopards with abdominal striping or other striped shoulders and body of a tiger .
the width at the shoulder was often emphasized by gathered or pleated panels of fabric arranged horizontally over the bust and around the shoulders .
lily suffered from post traumatic stress and retreated back into herself with the knowledge of the crime she had witnessed on her shoulders .
english suits are noted for having a " touch fit " to the wearer 's body shape and carefully made padded shoulders .
his song " the tallest man , the broadest shoulders " was featured in the 2006 british comedy - drama " driving lessons " , starring " harry potter 's " julie walters and rupert grint .
afterwards , brown and abyss fought to slam each other into the tacks until brown lifted abyss up onto his shoulders and threw him forward down to the ring - mat .
the 6 foot , 205 pound tripp threw the 5 foot 10 inch , 185 pound gracie to the canvas by " uchi mata " in 47 seconds and gracie 's shoulders touched the floor , thus giving tripp " absolute " victory under u.s. sambo rules .
the first hundred were given on his shoulders , and he was cut to the bone between the shoulder - blades , which were both bare .
width between 50% intensity points on shoulders of peak .
the pelvis is slightly higher than the shoulders .
slowly and in a controlled manner , return the bar upward until your arms are straight , then move your shoulder blades wide and shoulders up high as if you are shrugging and allow the pull of the bar to stretch the muscles in your back that were contracted performing the exercise .
a concern about highways with narrow paved shoulders is the condition of the adjacent gravel shoulder .
" he leaned forward and very carefully enclosed her bare shoulders in his arms .
a 2008 study showed that 68% of uk workers suffered from some sort of rsi , with the most common problem areas being the back , shoulders , wrists , and hands .
in early watches — perhaps until 1964 or so — these shoulders were pyramid - shaped , ending in points .
michael 's ad - libbed " just look over your shoulders , honey " is an allusion to " reach out i 'll be there , " a 1966 number 1 hit single recorded by four tops .
the fate of his friends , and of captain flint 's treasure , rests on hawkins 's shoulders as the deadline draws nearer .
the song , " what can you do with a general ? " was originally written for an un - produced project called " stars on my shoulders " .
gussets were used at the shoulders , underarms , and hems of traditional shirts and chemises made of rectangular lengths of linen to shape the garments to the body .
she wears a tight , long - sleeved tunic and a cloak ( " palla " ) drawn over her shoulders .
a head and shoulders portrait of churchill by pan was auctioned at christie 's fine art auction house in 1981 .
j.p. is first described as having ' broad shoulders , floppy brown hair , and surprisingly blue eyes ' , but the eighth and ninth novels state that mia and j.p. look good together because they are both so ' tall and blond . '
the logo changed names and the uniforms had colored shoulders removed from them .
the theory had been constituted squarely on the shoulders of the dogs of the dow analysis popular at the time .
they are named for their profile which resembles a head and shoulders .
in the postwar years , a thicker asphalt concrete cross - section with full paved hard shoulders came into general use .
it is called phoktanglungma in native limbu language , [ " phoktang means shoulder and lungma means mountain " ] , literally mountain with shoulders and it is sacred in kirant religion .
the route remains with de 15 north of wyoming , following wyoming mill road , which features designated shoulders for bicycles .
hair has to be cut above the shoulders at all times , and hair lengths longer than that have to be pulled back in a neat ponytail .
this variant sees a wrestler perform a diving variation of the shining wizard attack used to knock the opponent from the shoulders of another wrestler .
william shakespeare , who was not even born until 1564 , is mentioned in chapter 17 as an adult and as being known at court , rubbing shoulders with edmund spenser , whose first major work " the shepheardes calender " was not published until 1579 ; and in chapter 16 , queen elizabeth even quotes from " troilus and cressida " , which was written around 1602 .
his photographic division of 5 - 7 men carried photographic equipment on the backs of mules and rifles on their shoulders - siouxess still made scalping - jackson 's life experience ( as military , as peaceful dealing with indians ) was welcomed .
each bridge is long and wide ( two twelve foot lanes and two foot shoulders ) .
reminiscences of the boys ' chorus from tchaikovsky 's " pique dame " rub shoulders with glinka and even mussorgsky .
alain rubs shoulders with the elite of the arab world , and then climbs before an audience of 100,000 .
since they were n’t fired over other men ’s shoulders military rifles could be much shorter than muskets , which made for a handier weapon and also meant that the tight - fitting balls did n’t have too long a distance to be rammed down the barrel .
it is unlikely that the thyiades , even if they wore deerskins over their shoulders , were ever dressed more warmly than the men .
he is tall , has broad shoulders , and has shoulder length white hair .
in the round 8 victory against melbourne at aami stadium , brett burton took one of the greatest marks in crows history at the northern end of the ground in the final quarter where he climbed the shoulders of an opponent and grabbed the ball into his chest before falling hard to the ground .
it was also the smaller species , being a little under 2 meters at the shoulders .
this led to the story of thorvaldsen sculpting his own face on to the shoulders of the pope , however any comparison between thorvaldsen 's portrait and the sculpture will show that this is just a fanciful story built on some smaller similarities .
" agamura p. persica " is found in the eastern regions of their range ( eastern iran , afghanistan ) and is differentiated by " three dark crossbars , first on nape , second behind shoulders , third in front of sacrum " .
the smaller ones could either be rested on a frame or carried by straps about the shoulders .
out on exercise , cadets wear disruptive pattern material camouflage clothing , dulled boots , camouflage cream to eliminate the face 's natural shine , a bush hat and foliage to break up the shape of the head and shoulders , webbing to carry rifle magazines , water bottles and emergency rations , commonly one of either the 58 pattern webbing or the newer plce system and a bergen to carry a sleeping bag and basha ( improvised shelter ) building materials .
they are both played with a stick in a manner similar to the " requinto " , except that they are hung from the shoulders in such a way that the skins are nearly horizontal to the ground .
this and her father 's worsening health put an increasing burden on her shoulders .
someone looking for surgical references would have found it as well . " snider concluded that " the full responsibility for defending children falls on the shoulders of my wife and i , because there is no one else capable of making these judgments for us . "
stack- stacking an opponent on their shoulders , additionally , pins can be obtained from tilts and cradles .
it is being designed to carry 170,000 vehicles per day , and will have shoulders for disabled vehicles .
they have a refined head with a straight or slightly convex profile , a well - shaped , muscular neck , prominent withers , long , sloping shoulders , and a broad , deep chest .
the new jerseys are very similar to the classic design , with minor changes to the sleeve stripes , the moving of secondary numerals to the top of the shoulders , and the inclusion of a " 49ers " ligature below the neck .
the top then climbs onto her shoulders .
it is also possible to have the patient sit on a stool and bend his / her head and shoulders forward .
" a world of music head and shoulders above just every on else " christy moore .
sarmiento gives a physical description of the man he considers to personify the " caudillo " : " [ he had a ] short and well built stature ; his broad shoulders supported , on a short neck , a well - formed head covered with very thick , black and curly hair " , with " eyes ... full of fire " .
