i have no doubt that his sincere but usually witty response , along with his slight bronx accent , will be something like , “
after awakening in the mansion and recovering from his vast injuries , he declares his sincere amorous feelings for a reticent jean .
god bless and protect my brother is the sincere wish of his affectionate sister , jenny .
" the journal ranges from banal descriptions of card games and weather to perceptive social observation and expressions of sincere affection , often closely and unselfconsciously juxtaposed .
he also at times appealed on behalf of the peasants unto those in power , even unto the byzantine emperor theodosius i. in summary , shenouda fully recognized the misery of his people and emerged as their sincere advocate and popular leader .
once they even attempt to help by arriving at the scene in disguise ( as bunny girls ) ; however , they only mess everything up and this results in angering akira , though their sincere apology makes him unable to remain angry for very long .
in st. louis , missouri , the " daily reveille " trumpeted that " the flag of independence has been hoisted for the second time on this side of the atlantic . " horace greeley in the " new york tribune " wrote " when a sincere republican is asked to say in sober earnest what adequate reason he can give , for refusing the demand of women to an equal participation with men in political rights , he must answer , none at all .
the meetings had candid and in - depth discussions on the pending issues between the dprk and the u.s. in a sincere atmosphere and reached a consensus of views on seeking a negotiated settlement of them .
the sanskritist max müller also praised canton 's works , writing that " i look upon them as equal to matthew arnold 's poems , and having been an old friend and sincere admirer of arnold , i could give no higher praise " .
and i know he can be an inspiration to those who work in government , that by loving god and others with a sincere heart , they can be happier than anyone and have the joy that no material possession can ever give .
the attitude of the inquisition , which intended to force the disappearance of the jews by means of their forcible integration into the christian community , in fact accomplished the opposite ; it perpetuated the memory of the condemned and , by extension , of all who carried the infamous lineages , even if they were not relatives and even if they were sincere christians , and helped create a community that , although it no longer contained judaic element , was still obliged to maintain a strong cohesion .
describing it as a ' good harbinger ' to base the album off of , michael roffman of " consequence of sound " also said that the song ' works lyrically ' , and that ' holland hasn't sounded quite this sincere since the very best " americana " had to offer ' .
after stating " got her there , did n't i ? " , b.j. admitted it was a clear shot and moments later , the three had a big laugh , which appeared to be sincere .
it has a lot of power , and it 's a constantly moving scene , be it exciting , pretentious , silly , attractive or sincere in its creative endeavours."mihda koray
more comprehensive treatments seek to take account of both the brutality of the crusades and the sincere religious motivation behind them , of " religious devotion and godly savagery " .
jon pareles of " the new york times " commented : " her motives may be sincere ; the results are unconvincing . "
at the time he wrote " ... they applauded , clamoured , vociferated , whistled — yes , whistled " , they held up the play for a quarter of an hour with their applause , " sincere , spontaneous , and from the heart . "
” this text ran afoul of monseigneur l'evêque quélen , who was a sincere gallican .
and it 's turned out to be one of the most sincere songs we 've ever written . "
russian theologians all hold that the church possesses the power to forgive sins , where there is true repentance and sincere confession .
it is lds belief that god hears the sincere prayers of all people because they are his children , he is no respecter of persons , and because he knows all things .
criticism from the center says that the right - wing was " right " about the plo and that in yassar arafat , israel did not have a sincere palestinian partner for peace .
and in order to quiet once and forever the constantly recurring dissensions , hillel formulated a somewhat fantastic plan , which reveals at the same time his love of justice and his sincere regret that the sorrows of his people were increased by these discords .
batman 's final words express his sincere hope that this " mixing of minds " does more good than it does harm .
in english , sarcasm is indicated from sincere speech by lowering fundamental frequency and speaking with a slower speech rate .
while aylmer maude did not stick rigidly to a tolstoyan set of ideas , and was associated with a variety of causes and campaigns , he never wavered in his admiration of tolstoy , even when he held different views : " ... though tolstoy is sincere and wise , he , like all mortals , makes mistakes ... "
despite his alarm , he remains persuasive and sincere and impresses corder and teasdale .
however , on the january 2 , 2008 episode of " the o'reilly factor " , macdonald stated that he is " very pro - life , but against the death penalty ; " his friend artie lange would soon afterwards confirm these opinions as sincere on " the howard stern show " .
its implicit conceit is the connection between the novel ( in french , " le roman " ) and romance : " i love dick " manages to be both a sincere lover 's cry and a feminist manifesto , while at the same time destroying the bourgeois novel once and for all .
his silent and sincere attitude , and his devotion to his family , makes his characters more convincing , and thus earns him a wide range of fan base .
according to hosoi 's philosophy , there is an internal sincere purity within everyone as well as in the natural world .
as more pop music critics began writing , this had the effect of " legitimating pop as an art form " ; as a result , " newspaper coverage shifted towards pop as music rather than pop as social phenomenon " . ; as well , in the way that critics differentiate between pop music and rock , using terms like " trivial " , " fluffy " , or " formulaic " for pop ( versus " serious " , " raw " , and " sincere " for rock ) , there is an implicit or even explicitly gendered dichotomy .
it appears victor starts his training with sincere purposes .
a man of natural wit and bubbly charm , sincere , honest and forthright in his manner , cronin was popular in sporting circles and esteemed for his community work .
there was a strong impulse for sincere reform of the church .
if neither candidate is their sincere first or last choice , the voter is employing both the compromising and burying strategies at once .
usually a woman was required to be modest and shy to make sure that her suitor was sincere , but breaking this rule serves to speed along the plot .
some even view the language of the speech as a completely sincere change of heart ; john c. bean writes that katherina has been " liberated into the bonds of love " and highlights the speech 's mentions of women 's warmth and beauty rather than their stereotypical sinfulness .
records in chronicle and response in media sit of it , that our appearance myself tickle sincere interests wide public .
venus is depicted with an open gesture and sincere gaze .
however , the media had fun with his quote about the building due to local criticism of the structure and the fact that the media found his response to be less than sincere .
in several interviews he said that he feels that he has been pilloried for making a sincere mistake .
it is my sincere hope to be able to bring relief to my family and the families of the victims and bring their nightmare to a conclusion
she is outspoken and opinionated , but she also has a deep , sincere affection for arc .
the poems written to her children are not sentimental , but literary historian emily stipes watts wrote that they " are honest attempts to express thoughts and emotions never so fully expressed before by women in poetry " depicting a sincere concern for their development and well - being .
lutheran apologists elaborate that according to the verses in the epistle of james , " we are justified / declared righteous by people when they see the good works we do as a result of our faith and they conclude that our faith is sincere . "
it was the sincere belief of even the best of men at that epoch that the only stable elements in human nature , on which a social system could be safely founded , were its worst propensities .
shortly after his death , roy blunt , the house republican whip , stated that " chairman lantos will be remembered as a man of uncommon integrity and sincere moral conviction — and a public servant who never wavered in his pursuit of a better , freer and more religiously tolerant world . "
though many criticize it as false and histrionic , most of soong 's supporters see it to be candid and sincere .
he marries crystal , a full - blooded werepanther , due to her pregnancy , but he is sincere when he says his vows .
the first , the gospel covenant , is entered into after the sincere communicant fulfills the pre - requisite of exercising faith in christ , repents of his sins , is baptized by proper authority , receives the gift of the holy ghost , and promises to endure to the end of his mortal life continuing to exercise faith in christ and repentance from his sins .
this act of compassion was in response to the sincere prayers of late madiyal narayan bhat , the founder of loka seva vrinda .
he asks the abbot if he believes that brewster is sincere , the abbot thinks brewster is , and that brewster told him his whole story .
she supported the registration act , although she expressed sincere concern about the fate of captain america and the other heroes who opposed the act and turned fugitive .
" i do n't believe that the country will ever know the full contribution to the prosecution of the recent war by this quiet , modest , sincere , but tremendously effective and capable naval officer , " said new york congressman w. sterling cole .
count manrique , a sincere friend of christ , valiant in warfare , is placed in charge of all these towns [ andújar , baños , bayona and baeza ] .
the text is based on gush shalom 's translation hebrew interview where they claimed it was the " first absolutely sincere israeli eyewitness testimony on what actually happened in the jenin refugee camp " . "
throughout this period fallada had one thing to cling to : the project he had concocted to put off goebbel 's imprecations that he write an anti - semitic novel , which involved a novelization of " a famous fraud case involving two jewish financiers in the nineteen twenties " which , because of its potential as propaganda , was supported by the government and had eased pressure on him as he worked on other , more sincere projects .
ibn ' arabi concludes that sincere intention to perform a good deed , but being prevented by factors outside one 's control , is the same as , and is rewarded equally as , carrying out that intention successfully .
the real essence of ' canterbury sound ' is the tension between complicated harmonies , extended improvisations , and the sincere desire to write catchy pop songs . ”
mordaunt hall commented on her acting , saying " miss nissen gives a sincere and earnest portrayal , always obtaining excellent results with an originality rarely beheld on the screen " .
the " new york times " wrote that the film is " so earnest and sincere that it deserves an " a " for deportment , " but criticized the lack of imagination in the writing and characters .
it believes this " comprehensive solution " will provide " sincere leadership that cares for and protects its citizens from the colonial foreign policies of bush and blair " and bring an end to " us interventions , energy inspired wars , puppet ( muslim ) governments and western values forced by the barrel of a gun . " hizb ut - tahrir is strongly anti - zionist and calls for " the dismantling " of the " illegal entity " of israel .
this course of action shows that the church , loyal to the example and teaching of the divine savior , is sincere and unselfish in her regard for men whom she strives to help even now during this earthly pilgrimage " to share god 's life as sons of the living god , the father of all men . "
thus the superior man values the process of " becoming - sincere . "
he made it to the final round but ultimately lost to salvatore sincere .
adventists are concerned about the institution of the papacy and the roman catholic church , yet recognise many sincere individual catholics .
sincere and impartial , he was open to any suggestions as to how to defeat the alien invasion .
everything i know about davi kobenawä is positive , and i am confident that he is a sincere and honest man .
this typically entails the sincere avowal of a new belief system , but may also present itself in other ways , such as adoption into an identity group or spiritual lineage .
regarding the ongoing war , he opined that " only a sincere cooperation of the democracies and russia can rebuild the world . "
peter 's voice was and remains very gentle , soulfully expressed , but without the mask of r&b. certain of peter ’s lyrics , always a sincere expression of an act or an incident , a mood or emotion , were intentionally vulnerable so as to work against the predominantly testosterone - driven posturing of the dominant culture .
" i 've missed you so , " she said to him , and he felt she was sincere ,
after the destruction of the cromwellian interest , wallop shewed his sincere zeal for that of the long parliament , as the support of the republic , and they , to manifest their gratitude , procured him a seat in 1659 , in their council of state ; and in the following december he having assisted , with others , in securing portsmouth , received their thanks for the good and important services he had rendered them .
history easily discerns the reasons and forces which actuated him , and the immense changes in the problems he was facing which evoked from the same profound mind and sincere spirit these entirely contrary manifestations .
in the aftermath of matilda 's murder , john finally feels sincere remorse .
but the resignation to unhappiness , to pain and to solitude , and the renunciation of the joys of life , sounds in the verses of leopardi like the sincere sigh of a feminine soul .
on behalf of all new mexicans , i send my sincere condolences to president misquez 's family and friends . "
in the wake of nixon 's watergate scandal , exit polls from the 1976 presidential election suggested that many still held gerald ford 's pardon of nixon against him , and carter by comparison seemed a sincere , honest , and well - meaning southerner .
žižek also says the character of the playwright is simply too naive to be believable : " one can not but recall here a witty formula of life under a hard communist regime : of the three features — personal honesty , sincere support of the regime and intelligence — it was possible to combine only two , never all three . [ ... ] the problem with dreyman is that he does combine all three features . "
clinton 's little italy festival had a very young beginning , but it was a good , wholesome one with very sincere intents .
odes would cease to be encomium , ballads cease to be narratives , elegies cease to be sincere memorials , satires no longer be specific entertainments , parodies no longer be " bravura " stylistic performances , songs no longer be personal lyrics , and the lyric would become a celebration of the individual rather than a lover 's complaint .
his professionalism and sincere commitment to the communities in which he works has helped make brad one of the most sought after residency artists in the country .
sincere workers and promising talent will be found in unexpected places if the proposition is presented as a real community project .
he even confesses that the whole thing was part of a bet but she forgives him as she realises that his love for her is sincere .
one who begins sincere training on the buddhist path ( known as sekhas in pali or those in training ) and experiences the truth to the extent of cutting of a number of the ten mental fetters ( pali : ) , becomes an ariya puggala ( pali ; sanskrit : ) : a " noble person " who will surely become an arahant in the near future .
2 . we recognize that your motives are based on a sincere desire to clarify the national polity .
after a small history of the study of airs , he explained his own experiments in an open and sincere style : " whatever he knows or thinks he tells : doubts , perplexities , blunders are set down with the most refreshing candour . "
a true ukrainian patriot , graduate of lviv university in theology and classical philology , author of literary works published under the pen name of marko murava , he always cherished a profound and sincere respect for polish history , language , and culture , and managed to instill this respect in his children , including his sons bohdan and lev .
roger ebert gave the film three stars and praised it for its ability to absorb the viewer in its " spycraft " and " damon 's ability to be focused and sincere " concluding that the film was " unnecessary , but not unskilled " .
while the ducks realize they might have rendered the hot spring useless by their attempts to control it and lose their hope to swindle scrooge , he quietly reflects that his attempts on generosity were not sincere but a " bribe " to the dwarf in order to obtain profit from the golden river .
he was regarded as a likable and charming man ( he was nicknamed ' jock ' among friends ) , who had a sincere and earnest approach and was an engaging and persuasive public speaker .
during this storyline , brandi began wrestling under his given name after mero called him a jobber and said that he was " tom brandi " , not salvatore sincere .
it is the sincere desire of the trust and the governing body of the institute to maintain high academic and technological standards .
victor is a gawky , strong , dumb yet sincere hulk of a man , who leaves his job hauling ice up tenement stairways once he is persuaded to become a wrestler .
a more honest and sincere businessman and friend you would not find in any walk of life .
tahir rasheed was one of the few people in the pml n who were trying to convince the senior leadership of the pml n to stop supporting the ppp in the ard as they believed the ppp was not sincere with pml - n and had been taking an advantage of the pml - n to achieve their own objectives and capture the pml - n vote bank .
this differs from other voting systems that typically have a unique sincere vote for a voter .
maroc cultures issued a statement to express " its great sorrow " , extending " its profound and sincere condolences " to those affected by the tragedy .
emma soon formed a friendship with one of the guests , the dull but sincere honourable charles francis greville ( 1749–1809 ) , second son of the first earl of warwick and a member of parliament for warwick .
there shall be sincere friendship , exchange of good counsel , fair conduct and no treachery between them . ' .
esten 's performance , in turns over - the - top comedy and sincere public service message , greatly invigorated the drug- and alcohol - awareness portion of the mrc : rss .
due to his special attention and sincere teachings salam masdoosi was inclined towards urdu poetry and started writing verses and ghazals under the pen name first as " shaheen " and then " aasi " .
laud was a sincere anglican and loyal englishman , who must have been frustrated at the charges of popery levelled against him by the puritan element in the church .
on a snowy eve , kitty foyle ( ginger rogers ) , an executive at delphine detaille 's fashion house , is confronted with a choice that will change the course of her life : to marry mark eisen ( james craig ) , a young , sincere doctor , or to sail away with wyn stafford ( dennis morgan ) , with whom she has been in love for years and who has just re - entered her life .
he attracted several sincere followers .
widely considered rude and moody , he was at the same time sincere , affectionate , loved simplicity and was easily accessible without class distinction .
kazimierz , chorąży , and even podczaszyc are extremely impressed by the song 's simple , sincere beauty .
he also used this cash to pay his staff , influence the community and occasionally make sincere gestures , such as paying a government official 's hospital bill .
ray robinson opined that " a sincere nature and unassuming manner " reduced the risk of team friction in the rebuilding phase and that craig was " level headed and tactful beyond his years " .
. mortification , " prayer of the senses , " is especially done by striving to practice all the human virtues , such as being kind , hardworking , sincere and cheerful despite difficulties and failures . "
he afterwards confessed that , though he had been a sincere , he was never a happy , pietist .
writing in the " national post " , writer christopher hitchens said " it 's well - nigh incredible that amnesty should give a platform to people who are shady on this question and absolutely disgraceful that it should suspend a renowned employee who gave voice to her deep and sincere misgivings , " writing in " the independent " , journalist and human rights activist joan smith said " amnesty 's mistake is simple and egregious " , and writing in " the spectator " journalist martin bright said : " it is gita sahgal who should be the darling of the human rights establishment , not moazzam begg , " and columnist melanie phillips wrote " her real crime has been to expose the extraordinary sympathy by white ‘ liberals’ , committed to ‘
tony soprano saw that furio had absolutely no inhibitions and a merciless wrath embedded by a sincere loyalty to his boss ( furio shields his boss with his own body when the firecrackers are first heard ) .
although the orléanists were given a new vitality , the initiative passed to other organisations who although sincere monarchists also had other agendas .
and to be sincere , i ca n't remember what the latest releases by leila are , but i do remember how disappointing the last mira calix album ...
the plan is to set up an agreement for all sides to stop the creation of weapon of mass destruction in order to preserve a clean earth for their children and their children 's children : a planet worthy of all that is best in mankind , the hope of a sincere bonding between all the peoples of the world .
jaspur is one of the village where the people are always sincere and helpful to the others .
the unremitting benefits and sincere attachment of two well - meaning princes secured his gratitude , but could not appease his discontent .
by then , the indie world was still heavily embracing the sounds of scandinavian bands , and lff 's conglomerate of pop and dance music was pure and sincere .
" olympic spirit " " will give olympic athletes and sports much higher profiles and the increased attention they deserve ... people - young and old alike - will be able to experience the sports and the intensity of the competitions personally through interactive exhibits and demonstrations [ giving ] everyone attending a sincere appreciation for what the athletes experience - and endure .
so sincere was elbert 's admiration for lafayette that he named one of his sons for this illustrious friend .
i believe president roosevelt is sincere and that he really hopes to lift the suffering masses out of their desperate poverty and yet save capitalism ...
as can be heard on tracks ranging from the funky , uplifting ' from my heart to yours ' and intense , groove - driven ' do n't stay ' ; to the sincere , aching love lament ' if tonight is my last ' . "
his friendly and sincere cooperation with united states military personnel has served to strengthen the spirit of friendship and mutual confidence , which characterizes the relationship between the armed forces of pakistan and the united states of america .
eliade thus argued , " a sincere brain is unassailable , for it denies itself to any relationship with outside truths . "
maintaining eye contact without staring helps show sincere interest .
a person who is really sincere to him would get all the blessings , happiness , luck , health , wealth and spiritual improvement .
instead , women were taught to be committed to their husbands and “ all his interests … [ to show ] attention and care … [ and ] sincere and discreet zeal for his salvation . ”
he also examined her iconic legacy of both kitsch and sincere samba artistry in an essay in the " new york times " .
second , the objection must be sincere , witmer v. united states , 348 u.s. 375 .
nappa believes adebisi is sincere , and decides he can be of help to the italians .
motivated by the prospect of glory in battle and/or animated by the sincere ideals of liberty and republicanism , volunteers included the likes of pierre charles l'enfant , and la fayette , who enlisted in 1776 .
jason ankeny of allmusic called the album " a brilliant resurrection of a bygone era of american folk artistry " . bill wyman of " entertainment weekly " remarked that it was " a moving and sincere new depression manifesto " .
with his new fortune , qin decides to put an end to his bachelor life and advertises open invitations to potential partners online , citing only " if you are the one " , which means " do n't disturb if not sincere " .
examples of such assurances are " the choice of godparents who will take sincere care of the child , or the support of the community " .
muslims regard fatimah as a loving and devoted daughter , mother , wife , a sincere muslim , and an exemplar for women .
exclusivism is seen in islam in the acceptance of sincere jews and christians as people " of the book " along with muslims , but the rejection of other religious traditions — as well as impious jews and christians — as " infidels " who have no part in allah or paradise .
rather , i would require only that appellees , as responsible and sincere representatives of environmental interests , show that the environment would be injured in fact and that such injury would be irreparable and substantial . "
wherever they went thomas and hester always took a sincere interest in the well - being of staff and students , and in return they were held in great respect .
to remain sincere to his friend , overbeck maintained a critical distance from the content of nietzsche 's writings , and denounced the beginnings of a hero - worship and revisionism .
despite this sincere warning from a man who apparently felt lucky to be alive , groups of expert kayakers have successfully run turnback canyon since then .
tidd pretends to be sincere in his conversion by a staged defense of arif from aryan inmate james robson and biker inmate jaz hoyt .
the kindness and sincere consideration by her majesty can be proven during the tsunami tragedy when she played a major role in collecting donations for the victims which were successfully distributed through both the acheh and kedah governments .
one of takhayal entertainment companies , fatafeat committed to providing its audience with sincere passion for food .
in approval voting , the strategy - proof vote , if it exists , is a sincere vote .
all teachers have acknowledged a sincere faith in jesus christ .
finally he asks , " o gracious lord , i tell you my sincere wish : i would have a son like you
as she begins to take her work down , michael appears and , in a moment of sincere kindness , complimens her work and asks to buy her drawing of the office building .
the protagonist , alex , never justifies his actions in the narration , giving a sense that he is somewhat sincere ; a narrator who , as unlikeable as he may attempt to seem , evokes pity from the reader by telling of his unending suffering , and later through his realization that the cycle will never end .
– a young girl who appears late in the story and is recruited as one of tetsuo 's sex slaves , later becoming an object of his sincere affections .
henry had once been a sincere catholic and had even authored a book strongly criticizing luther , but he later found it expedient and profitable to break with the papacy .
democratic sights of kramskoi found the brightest expression in portraits of the peasants who reflected sincere riches and internal advantage of the person from people .
while some applauded " strike it rich " for helping out some less - fortunate people ( as well as showcasing the sincere charity and good - will of viewers who donated through the heart line ) , others found it a sickening spectacle that exploited the less - fortunate contestants for the vicarious thrills of the viewers and the selfish gain of the sponsors .
others insist that the people ’s offer of the throne was sincere , based on the fact that there was no other monarch coming and the people were grateful to him for the liberation of mexico .
although a sincere and competent effort was made in the late 1970 ’s by businessman wiley sharp to remodel and reopen the theater , the massive challenges proved overwhelming for one individual .
however , the sentiment is sincere , the lines are musical , and above all admirably adapted to the purpose for which they were intended , namely , the service of god by song .
according to cutt , sherwood 's depictions of india were among the few available to young british readers ; such children " acquired a strong conviction of the rightness of missions , which , while it inculcated sincere concern for , and a genuine kindness towards an alien people for whom britain was responsible , quite destroyed any latent respect for indian tradition . "
by referring to the iranians in these documents as " majus " , the security apparatus [ implied ] that the iranians [ were ] not sincere muslims , but rather covertly practice their pre - islamic beliefs .
all those with sincere spiritual aspirations are welcome .
" a public statement of support from several leading health organizations including the harvard school of public health and harvard medical school declares : " we , the undersigned organizations , wish to convey to the relevant authorities in the government of india and state of chhattisgarh our sincere pleasure in announcing that a citizen of india , dr. binayak sen , has been selected to receive the prestigious jonathan mann award for health and human rights for 2008 ... we would also like to convey our concern and dismay that dr. sen remains imprisoned , after nearly one year without trial , on allegations that he passed notes from a rebel leader whom he treated in jail to a person outside the prison .
the tragic past of maria esperanza knows when to remove manuel augusto , who represents the renewal of their broken dreams , because they arise from a sincere love , full of hopes .
playing a hapless , sincere , and sometimes buffoonish everyman caught up in world events , he demonstrates the relevance of these concepts to daily life .
under their influence lacordaire was slowly weaned from the ideas of the encyclopedists and jean - jacques rousseau , while still retaining a profound and sincere love of freedom , which is to say liberalism , as expressed in the revolutionary ideals of 1789 .
he then lifts his head and looks directly at the officer , pats the table beside him with his left hand and says , " if you wanted to leave your gun here for a few minutes , i 'd appreciate it " in a seemingly sincere request to commit suicide if only given the opportunity .
sincere repentance is equivalent to the rebuilding of the temple , the restoration of the altar , and the offering of all the sacrifices .
it aims to promote islamic knowledge , enhance social development , spread the message of islam , and inculcate sincere love and respect for muhammad .
jewish doctrine holds that it is never too late , even on the day of death , to return to god with sincere repentance for " as the sea is always open for every one who wishes to cleanse himself , so are the gates of repentance always open to the sinner " .
this was followed , on september 16 , by a meeting between tuhami and israeli foreign minister moshe dayan to discuss if israel was sincere in pursuing peace talks with egypt .
when contrasted with the examples of rajas in the north - west of india who utilized more than half of their state 's revenues for their own uses , the simplicity and frugality of the rajas of travancore , and their sincere devotion to their subjects , are highlighted .
sincere repentance is required , and once again , god can only forgive one for the sins one has committed against god ; this is why it is necessary for jews also to seek the forgiveness of those people who they have wronged .
although she carefully prepared herself for senate work , caraway spoke infrequently and rarely made speeches on the floor of the senate but built a reputation as an honest and sincere senator .
highlights of this episode are exchanges combining rickles ' insult humor and his character 's curmudgeonly disposition with archie 's sincere but misguided efforts to resolve disputes between snyder and barney ( "
she is extremely manipulative and , after the first few chapters and her failure to attract jos sedley , is not shown as being particularly sincere .
while possessing great technical skill and sincere enthusiasm , he seems anxiety - ridden , socially awkward , and self - conscious to the point of avoidant personality disorder or social anxiety disorder .
most , if not all of you know just how dear and sincere these guys are and how close i am with them .
assuming each voter votes according to their sincere preferences ( for a more sophisticated approach , see below ) , nashville and memphis would receive the most votes and advance to the second round .
the key aim is to ensure the voter records a sincere choice by forestalling attempts to influence the voter by intimidation or bribery .
one of the twenty test pressings of " sincere " was received by pete tong who started playing the tune on his national radio show .
siddiqui was a great scholar , voracious reader , eloquent speaker and above all a sincere personality .
on february 5 , 2010 , north korea announced they would release park , with the state - run korean central news agency stating , " the relevant organ of the dprk decided to leniently forgive and release him , taking his admission and sincere repentance of his wrong doings into consideration . "
i am content , sire , to have furnished for my readers a ready means by which to compare the reign of your majesty with the preceding reigns , and the opportunity to observe , how attentive your majesty is to follow in the tracks of the kings of england which were most distinguished by their virtues , and by their sincere love for their people - and with what care he distances himself from the false paths in which some have unfortunately gone astray .
it is my hope that by continuing to repeat this sincere position that many of the inexplicable difficulties which have dominated my life over the past months will ease .
he is ever at the beck and call of his sincere devotees . '
he has a kind and sincere , though highly narcissistic , personality and loves beauty both in nature and in art .
in february 1806 , following napoleon 's victory at austerlitz and the ensuing dismemberment of the habsburg empire , the ottoman emperor selim iii finally recognized napoleon as emperor , formally opting for an alliance with france " our sincere and natural ally " , and war with russia and england .
it is now available for all who have a sincere desire to learn .
she died on 6 august 1658 , and the " mercurius politicus " in announcing her death describes her as " a lady of an excellent spirit and judgment , and of a most noble disposition , eminent in all princely qualities conjoined with sincere resentments of true religion and piety . "
- " do this in sincere surrendering in the hart with belief . "
thus , mozart 's expression of sorrow may have been quite sincere .
the main idea is that children and adults become the hosts of their own lives , create what they are able to , their deeds are the sincere care about the world and the development of each and every one , chivalrous service to the good , creative enthusiasm , democratism , partnership , cheerful mood and spirit of freedom .
seeck presented constantine as a sincere war hero , whose ambiguities were the product of his own naïve inconsistency .
although retirement for the purpose of pursuing transcendence was both a popular literary trope , and a widely used avenue of political retreat , works such as the " baopuzi " " inner chapters " , and " shenxian zhuan " , demonstrate that ge was relatively sincere in this desire , which seems to have been based on strong sectarian convictions .
sincere christians’ became his ‘
effectively the same music festival as murdered city , the ghosts of brantford festival aimed to book bands with a sincere focus on independent music .
the accident was perceived as a particularly big loss for denmark 's music and entertainment world , not only because of natasja 's sincere and exceptionally engaging personality , but also because she still stood before a career that , after some earlier setbacks and , in the preceding years , impressive successes , appeared more than ever on the rise .
lastly came " the hollow " , a book dear to me as revealing her artistic , simple and sincere temperament .
the panegyric was likely written at justinian 's behest , however , and we may doubt if its sentiments are sincere .
sweet apple becomes a very popular place , but some of the locals are unhappy with the sudden celebrity , especially after conrad shows off his hip - thrusting moves while his " honestly sincere " causes every female to faint .
if someone dispatches the hero on a quest , the overt reason may be false , with the dispatcher actually sending him on the difficult quest in hopes of his death in the attempt , or in order to remove him from the scene for a time , but the story often unfolds just as if the claim were sincere , except that the tale usually ends with the dispatcher being unmasked and punished .
he took little direct share in the affairs of government , nevertheless , and easily lent himself to the plans of his advisers , among whom during the early part of his reign were two sincere catholics , georg stockhammer and wiguleus hundt .
bertha von suttner was awarded the 1905 nobel peace prize , ' for her sincere peace activities ' .
above the petinesses of party strife , free from affectation , at the same time both patient and gay , he carried into his public life the rectitude of an active and sincere religious conviction .
however , many punk rock lyrics deal in more traditional rock ' n ' roll themes of courtship , heartbreak , and hanging out ; the approach ranges from the deadpan , aggressive simplicity of ramones standards such as " i wanna be your boyfriend " to the more unambiguously sincere style of many later pop punk groups .
i congratulate the candidate for his honest and sincere attempts , his critical acumen and deep philosophical insight .
cynthia santiago - guzman , adriana zamora , carmen ibeth garcia - quiñones and carol elizabeth torres created an organization that would not only serve as a voice for women in an academic setting , but would also provide sincere sisterhood and unconditional support while actively promoting academic achievement , service to the community , and cultural enrichment by bridging the gap between the latino community and the campuses that sigma lambda upsilon serves .
following a commercial break , papa offered a sincere apology for the inappropriate audio .
anderson officially retired from trail management in 1948 at age 63 , whereupon the atc board passed a formal resolution expressing their gratitude and sincere appreciation for his labors and accomplishments and distinguished service on behalf of the appalachian trail .
the badge of the order for the grand cross was a gilt maltese cross enameled in white , with red eagles between the arms of the cross ; the gilt central disc bore the royal monogram , surrounded by a blue enameled ring bearing the motto of the order , " sincere et constante " .
colleagues described him as a deeply religious man whose abhorrence of racial injustice was profound and sincere .
it is with sincere regret , but pride in the role that they played , that we part with the americans who fitted into our organization and formed such a formidable team with our own canadian airmen . ”
political feeling at that time ran high in edinburgh , and nasmyth ’s pronounced liberal opinions , which he was too outspoken and sincere to disguise , gave offence to many of his aristocratic patrons , and led to the diminution of his practice as a portraitist .
he tolerated the worship of the golden calves , yet seems to have manifested a character of sincere devotion to the worship of god .
it is men of higher character , of sincere and truthful lives , kind to each other , kind to all the world , it such men that makes character and fame and true worth in a fraternity . "
mimi was sincere about what she thought ( positive and/or negative ) .
he had a humane and sincere sympathy for all who requested his assistance .
in pāli texts , chanda is a sincere wish , wholesome desire or zeal – a mental factor that does not involve unwholesome greed lobha , kama , and tanha .
but his deep and sincere faith contrasts with the almost exalted christian heroism of the king .
fellow officers remembered carter as " tall , handsome and dignified , graceful in carriage and very affable ... a ' soldierly christian ' of sincere piety and undoubted courage . "
its the sincere attempt to get those colours back to theatre so that everybody can enjoy the magic of real theatre .
the defense was senior - laden and featured returning starters at linebacker ( cergile sincere , andre clark , and frantz joseph ) , defensive line ( robert st. clair , jervonte jackson , and josh pinnick ) , and at both safety positions ( taheem acevedo and kris bartels ) .
he was a good organizer , a somewhat forceful administrator , yet modest , and completely sincere in his piety .
we want to help them to see that it is perfectly reasonable and logical to be really sincere latter - day saints . "
life international is dedicated to offer welfare and comfort to all seafarers of all nations of whatever race , color or creed ; to demonstrate a sincere respect for the personal values and beliefs .
heyward , an aristocratic planter , attributed his win due to running a " clean and sincere campaign . "
the aims of duke university are to assert a faith in the eternal union of knowledge and religion set forth in the teachings and character of jesus christ , the son of god ; to advance learning in all lines of truth ; to defend scholarship against all false notions and ideals ; to develop a christian love of freedom and truth ; to promote a sincere spirit of tolerance ; to discourage all partisan and sectarian strife ; and to render the largest permanent service to the individual , the state , the nation , and the church .
he is very kind and sincere , and he was also five - year - old luna 's teacher ; he taught her how to use spells .
in february 2006 , he spoke with dubuque archbishop jerome hanus about his troubled past and later commended hanus for his sincere remorse .
where shinozaki was concerned , yap found him to be sincere in wanting to promote the local people 's welfare and even risked his neck sometimes with the japanese military police , interceding for the chinese people and also rendering the same services to eurasians .
many people liked it , seeing it as a fresh , sincere , strong and respectful version of the old song .
sincere devotees attend the church services .
as for the ecstatic reaction of the audience to the work , tolstoy claimed it showed shostakovich 's " perestroyka " to be sincere . "
the question remains of whether she is indeed reformed and sincere -- for example , in her decision to convert to longford 's own roman catholic faith -- or whether she is merely manipulating the gullible politician .
she originally attempts to compete with the donahues as her character climbs the vaudeville ladder on which they have already perched at the top rung , but later makes a very sincere effort to become part of their close - knit , supportive family traditions .
in his later years , montesquiou used his wit to shield himself from sincere emotional interaction .
the etymology of the term " myokonin " means " wonderfully fragant person " referring to his sincere faith and how it exudes from his character .
it will be a record for history that a sincere effort was made in this country to implement the sixth chapter of the constitution on the sacred liturgy and the instructions that followed it . "
his preoccupation with the use of language and his dickensian style of writing , including repetitions , piling up of adjectives , and using popular phrases , quickly remind the reader of jamalzadeh 's background and of his sincere intentions .
only sincere repentance to the outside of any denominational gives you that peace in the soul that is the prelude of eternal salvation .
" mr wodrow " thought him a sincere , studious and depressive sort of person , with the tendency of such people to be over - critical of themselves and rather obsessive on the details of theological study .
barbara , feeling lonely and neglected by sheba , accepts although she has always considered bangs to be a " cretin " , and realises that his interest in her is not sincere .
the chambers biographical dictionary describes him as " [ a ] sincere but narrow - minded calvinist " .
and whereas the moderation hitherto manifested by the united colonies and their sincere desire to be reconciled to the mother country on constitutional principles , have procured no mitigation of the aforesaid wrongs and usurpations , and no hopes remain of obtaining redress by those means alone which have been hitherto tried , your committee are of opinion that the house should enter into the following resolve to wit ,
hindu critics have argued that efforts to convert hindus to ambedkarite buddhism are political stunts rather than sincere commitments to social reform .
in the speech , hirohito notes that the war is " our sincere desire to ensure japan 's self - preservation and the stabilization of east asia [ … ] " , but " the war situation has developed not necessarily to japan 's advantage " .
his holiness , the 14th dalai lama once called loten ' a dedicated and sincere singer with a strong and powerful voice ' .
he then went to the wwf and became " salvatore sincere " and made his debut on the july 6 , 1996 episode of superstars as a stereotypical italian / mafioso character who was very vain about his handsome face and well - developed physique .
" brütal legend " features 107 heavy metal tracks from 75 different bands , selected by schafer and music director emily ridgway as listed below , each song being a " completely sincere choice " by schafer and ridgway , with the whole track list being " designed to be loved by metal fans .
unlike the baltic area , where the authorities saw that " during the war and the occupation 's first stages , the population gave examples of sincere collaboration , a way for possibly giving some liberty to autonomous administration " .
jenner continues to work at sincere management and is the secretary general of the international music managers ' forum , a director of the uk music managers ' forum and is involved in the featured artists coalition .
in fact it was the election commission that amended certain rules those made the registered political parties sincere about executing successful councils to continue their operation under the watchdog 's approval .
acp bose ( jagapati babu ) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother chandu ( gopichand ) .
in his will , among many generous gifts to his friends , he made a sizeable bequest to alice , explaining : " this i do , in regard of the sincere goodwill and honest affection i bear her , and of the true and long - continued friendship between us , and for a testimony of that further good i had intended her , if god had given me means " .
the new skyman has a relationship with natasha irons , and is portrayed as one of the more sincere heroes in luthor 's infinity inc. he is killed and replaced by the shapeshifting everyman .
of billy idol 's attempts to base his fashion and music on it , it states , " no matter how sincere his intentions might have been , scorn and charges of commercialization have been heaped upon him in this and other forums . "
