woodrue and isley argue over the use of the drug and woodrue kills her by overturning a shelf of various toxins onto her , which burn a hole in the floor and causes dr. isley to sink into the ground .
the only fingerprints of knox which were found in the apartment were those matched to a glass in the kitchen sink .
infuriated that mary deceived him and again deserted him , clarke shoots and tries to sink their boat .
the lunt soon became known as a " sink " housing estate , and in the 1990s a street of houses on the east of the estate were demolished and replaced by a larger mix of private and rented homes .
he developed the argument that submarines would find adherence to prize rules impossible , for practical reasons : a submarine could not capture a merchant ship , for it would have no spare manpower to deliver the prize to a neutral port , neither could it take survivors or prisoners , for lack of space . " ... there is nothing a submarine can do except sink her capture .
they went on to sink a further 12 ships from this convoy , for a total of 28 ships sunk on 18/19 october , making this the deadliest two days of the battle of the atlantic .
the x-1 's high sink rate and the problems of keeping the plane in sight amid florida 's frequent clouds added two more votes in favor of the army air force 's decision to go to muroc .
boughton described a source — pseudo - sink inversion in butterfly populations of " e. editha " .
the humboldt river is fed by melting snow flowing from the ruby mountains in north central nevada and runs over mostly westward across the great basin to the humboldt sink in western nevada where it disappears into the ground .
one study concluded that clearcuts therefore act as a kind of population " sink " in which long - term reproduction and survival rates are reduced to the point of unsustainability most recent studies have shown the main cause of recent decline to be excessive predation .
when it is sufficiently ascertained where the bed of water is deposited , which can easily be done by boring with an auger , sink a pit into the place of a size which will allow a man freely to work within its bounds .
clinton launched a five - point attack on obama 's qualifications , " unleashing what one clinton aide called a ' kitchen sink ' fusillade , " according to " the new york times " .
" sink into me " is the first single in the u.s. from the rock band , taking back sunday .
although seriously damaged , the tanker did not sink .
the aircraft has a very low power off sink rate of about 350 fpm ( 1.78 m / s ) .
in 1913 , the ferry was out of service for a time because ice in the river struck the ferry , causing it to sink .
sink or swim ( tv series ) .
each contestant had 60 seconds to sink up to 21 three - pointers from seven shooting stations assembled around the three - point line .
the first attack made by a norwegian mtb in norwegian waters happened on 3 october 1941 , when " mtb 56 " was towed into position by " draug " and proceeded to torpedo and sink off kyrholmen the escorted 3,015 ton norwegian tanker mt " borgny " of oslo , which had been requisitioned by the germans and was carrying 3,500 tons of aviation fuel for the luftwaffe in norway .
shortly thereafter a strong tremor traveled throughout the " monte cervantes " and the bow of the ship nosed over and began to sink .
carrie finally dies from her wound as the house begins to sink into the ground .
after playing one hometown show , broadway calls took a sink - or - swim approach and headed straight out on tour with label - mate daggermouth .
in melted zones , it was possible for denser materials to sink towards the center , while lighter phases rose to the surface .
the german destroyers , now short of fuel and ammunition , did not pursue and the british ships were able to sink the 8,460 tonne ammunition supply ship " rauenfels " which they encountered on their way out the fjord .
there are also dangerous areas , including bottomless pits , crumbling floors ( which collapse if the marble has been rolled on them several times ) , slides , pools of water to drown in , quicksand ( which the marble will slowly sink in ) , and assorted traps .
but the sad truth is that if a black child had been snatched from a sink estate in liverpool or glasgow , the chances are you would not know their name . "
unbeknownst to sanders , the submarine did not sink and struggled back to port .
the failure of the submarine ambush to sink any british capital ships allowed the full grand fleet to engage the numerically inferior high seas fleet in the battle of jutland , which took place 31 may – 1 june .
snowshoes work by distributing the weight of the person over a larger area so that the person 's foot does not sink completely into the snow , a quality called " flotation " .
an elephant can sink deep into mud , but can pull its legs out readily because its feet become smaller when they are lifted .
source - sink dynamics and conservation .
a disk laser or active mirror ( fig.1 . ) is a type of solid - state laser characterized by a heat sink and laser output that are realized on opposite sides of a thin layer of active gain medium .
these then flow across the wire to the second electrode , which acts as an electron sink .
during the show , he provocatively asserted that the bbc was being " ruined by women " , commenting that : " the trouble is that the bbc now is run by women and it shows : soap operas , cooking , quizzes , kitchen - sink plays .
he calls for his droids to help and all of them sink to the bottom .
all tracks also appear on " sink " .
it was during this operation that she was able to sink the british submarine .
a few of the boats were armed with a light cannon apiece and ordered to sink three small pirate crafts in the port .
unlike the underside of a heat - sink which needs to be smooth for maximum surface area contact with the heat - source that it cools , the fins benefit from this roughness because it increases the fins ' surface area which serves to provide more area on which to release heat into the ambient environment .
to allow the computer to get rid of heat , the base of the apple iii was made of heavy cast iron , which supposedly acted as a heat sink .
conway is also one of the two main campus dorms that has a sink in each room ; the other being prentiss - lucas .
they added many new ensemble members of varying disciplines , restructured the administration of the company and gradually moved its focus from gritty kitchen sink dramas to a wider range of styles that embraced a true commitment to ensemble - based productions .
when disposed , the elements may be broken / poured over the earth or placed down a " piscina " in sacristy , a sink with a pipe that leads underground to a pit or into the earth .
this specific cher video has been parodied many times , such as in ' , where meg griffin is in the role of cher , but instead of the sailors enjoying it , they all flee for their lives and the boat appears to sink at the end .
on august 12 , 1945 , sink was named assistant division commander of the 101st airborne division .
after a hasty work up at scapa flow , her first action was in the operation to try and sink the " tirpitz " in the norwegian altenfjord .
later that day , william carpenter was washing dishes , and william inadvertently “ picked up the glass and emptied its contents down the ” sink drain .
the covers of both titles frequently portrayed doll man tied in ropes or other bindings , in situations ranging from being tied crucifixion - style to a running sink faucet , to being hogtied to the trigger and barrel of a handgun .
three whites were wounded and one indian was killed and one wounded , at what became known as the skirmish at hickory sink .
dispose of the water down the sink or toilet . disinfect the mattress , skirting boards and so on regularly .
" what started out as a little tinkering and game design idea quickly turned into a huge time sink , as people started playing it all the time , " said ceo karthik bala in an interview with ign .
all writes to /dev / zero succeed with no other effects ( the same as for /dev / null , although /dev / null is the more commonly used data sink ) ; all reads on /dev / zero return as many nuls as characters requested .
in a similar way one may define series - parallel digraphs , constructed from copies of single - arc graphs , with arcs directed from the source to the sink .
each wing has a toilet , shower , and sink .
greenpeace became aware of the plan to sink the brent spar at sea on 16 february 1995 .
another notable liberty ship was ss " stephen hopkins " , which sank the german commerce raider " stier " in a ship - to - ship gun battle in 1942 and became the first american ship to sink a german surface combatant .
on march 8 , investigators announced that dna samples were obtained from a cigarette butt found inside the kitchen sink .
the ship immediately took a list to starboard and began to sink .
usn life rafts are stowed in heavy - duty fiberglass canisters and can be launched manually or automatically should the ship begin to sink .
the company would sink six shafts in total and the pits would collectively be known as the great western collieries .
she went on to sink the italian merchant " egle " , the italian auxiliary patrol vessel v50 / " adalia " , the italian sailing vessel " stefano galleano " and four other sailing vessels , including the greek " hydrea " and " theonie " , as well as two small german vessels .
on 18 april " collett " joined with four other destroyers and carrier aircraft to sink japanese submarine " i-56 " in .
the most important sink in the methane cycle is reaction with the hydroxyl radical , which is produced photochemically in the atmosphere .
on the morning of 11 may 1945 , uss " bunker hill " , flagship of vice - admiral marc mitscher , participated as part of tg 58.3 in carrier operations in the sea 122 kilometres east of okinawa , supporting the okinawa invasion . " bunker hill " and the fifth fleet sortied from ulithi in february , 1945 , for strikes against okinawa and the home islands . " bunker hill " had provided aircraft for the massive effort to sink the japanese battleship yamato on 7 april .
transporting material , such as crop waste , out to sea and allowing it to sink into deep ocean storage has been proposed as a means of sequestration of carbon .
the submarine is heavily armed and armored , but its trademark tactic is to ram and sink enemy ships .
the sink - ex was named operation trident fury and was planned to use a variety of marpac ships and aircom aircraft to bombard " huron " with artillery , missiles , strafing fire , and finally be sunk by a torpedo launched from a submarine .
sylvester is credited with coining the term " kitchen sink " originally to describe a strand of post - war british painting typified by john bratby .
while either form of contact dermatitis can affect any part of the body , irritant contact dermatitis often affects the hands , which have been exposed by resting in or dipping into a container ( sink , pail , tub , swimming pools with high chlorine ) containing the irritant .
at the grand sultan 's command , the hemisphere can sink into a sea of flame so that the ports can be used .
sink pink .
several of the ships rescued passengers and crew from ships sunk by u - boats , and several had encounters with u - boats themselves ; helped sink in november 1917 , the first u - boat sunk by the u.s. navy .
us major general roland lajoie stated that - according to a briefing he received by the cia - during recovery operations , " clementine " suffered a catastrophic failure , causing 2/3 of the already raised portion of k-129 to sink back to the ocean floor .
as miranda is getting food she hears a noise , in which she thinks is looters , but its only the dripping sink .
as you can see , due to the integrated heat sink , the speed controller is almost as large as the motor itself .
this implies the need for both source and sink current capability in the ideal screen power supply .
the battery however did not sink , and was later towed to dubrovnik .
sink then was transferred to the ryukyus command , and became chief of staff in october 1949 .
sink the bismark ( song ) .
in a very fictionalized form the ship appears in the novel , " sink the shigure " , by r. cameron cooke .
the class did not sink any u - boats .
however , in the present day , their descendants have disappeared , and the remaining continents have begun to sink .
these dense compounds , such as trichloroethylene ( tce ) , sink in groundwater because they have a higher density than water .
however , crowe kills him , makes it back to the fleet , and helps to sink the japanese super - battleship , " musashi " .
as he had done at abc , he was keen to shake up the staid image of bbc drama and introduce new outlets for the kitchen sink drama and the " angry young men " of the era .
the original canal boat , named the " josiah white " , served operationally during the summer from 1978 until 1993 , when it was allowed to sink near the feeder gate for the canal .
a strong magnet placed near the voice coil ( which produces heat ) will attract cold ferrofluid more than hot ferrofluid thus forcing the heated ferrofluid away from the electric voice coil and toward a heat sink .
gregory of tours ( died 594 ) recorded the common expectation that , with a millstone round the neck , the guilty would sink : " the cruel pagans cast him [ quirinus , bishop of the church of sissek ] into a river with a millstone tied to his neck , and when he had fallen into the waters he was long supported on the surface by a divine miracle , and the waters did not suck him down since the weight of crime did not press upon him . "
matelief attacked the ships and managed to sink or burn every single one of them , on september 21 , 1606 .
sometimes a household sink tap does not come with a fip thread end .
photoassimilate movement through plants from " source to sink " using xylem and phloem is of biological significance .
sink ( floater album ) .
giant aquifers that serve as water reservoirs are being emptied faster than they can be refilled , causing the earth to sink , he says , adding it seems that it is built on layers of clay and highly permeable sand and gravel that easily compress when fluid is withdrawn .
many disagreed with him , and when stone sickness caused new sanctaphrax to crumble and sink , the great seal of office was stolen by an old enemy , vox verlix .
in the absence of diatoms , a relatively small amount of carbon was sequestered , because other phytoplankton are vulnerable to predation by zooplankton and do not sink rapidly upon death .
interstate 80 passes along the northwest side of the sink .
eventually , had to sink " lexington " with torpedoes .
so many things are thrown down that sam says , " that dame 's takin ' everything but the kitchen sink ! " which is then promptly thrown down as well .
the inrush of water caused the bow of the submarine to sink to the seabed below the surface .
on 27 october 1942 , the " iku - turso " claimed to torpedo and sink the soviet shchuka class submarine " shch-320 " in the sea of åland .
despite the large number of munitions and successful hits , the 1,540 ton is " sahand " did not sink until fire reached her ammunition magazine , causing it to detonate , blowing the entire frigate to bits .
during these first few years , floater received nominations to the preliminary level of the grammys from naras in 1995 under best rock performance for " sink " and in 1996 under best alternative performance for " glyph " .
the torpedo struck her in the stern causing her to sink within 30 minutes , 253 miles west - southwest of rockall .
she disembarked them at san francisco on 3 november . and then teamed up to sink " i-12 " 10 days later .
she launched three torpedoes , and two hits caused the transport " tsukushi maru " to sink .
they did indeed succeed in tipping a model of a roman ship over so that it would sink .
malfunctioning torpedoes failed to sink the gutted " maru " , but she finally slid under at 0126 20 february in 53 - 05 n , 171 - 22 e.
his filmography includes " harry black " , " murder on the orient express " , " death on the nile " , " a passage to india " , " sink the bismarck ! " , and " little dorrit " .
sometimes the bombs would detonate too soon , or in some cases , sink .
a seacock may either permit water to flow in to the boat , such as for cooling an engine or for a salt water faucet ; or out of the boat , such as for a sink drain or a toilet .
there is also a full bathroom with an additional sink .
" u-172 " torpedoed the " city of pretoria " , causing her to explode and sink northwest of the azores .
the principal components of the package are the " anchor weight " which allows the assembly to sink and then remain firmly on the sea floor , the " acoustic release device " which can receive a remote commands from the control station to drop the anchor weight , the " instrument or payload " which is to be deployed and later recovered , and a " flotation device " which keeps the assembly upright on the sea floor , and at the end of the deployment allows it to return to the surface .
notable conditions in the behavioral sink include hyperaggression , failure to breed and nurture young normally , infant cannibalism , increased mortality at all ages , and abnormal sexual patterns .
in addition to accomplish this objective with your mini - subs , you need to not only complete the mission itself , but also to use the seaquest herself to sink every terrorist submarine near the oil tanker wreck .
seminal years in eugene : " sink " & " glyph " ( 1993 - 1997 ) .
in general , they are negatively buoyant , which means that they will usually sink rather than float due to a reduced gas bladder and a heavy , bony head .
likewise , it 's possible to hook up the washer to any regular faucet , which makes it easier to use the kitchen sink or any other faucet as a water source
if none came before sunset , the aircraft was to warn the " u-570"s crew to take to the water , then sink her .
females will lay egg masses in water where the egg mass will grow and sink to the bottom .
he also appeared in the film " sink the bismarck " in which he flew a fairey swordfish .
göran everdahl for svt 's " gomorron sverige " gave the film 4 out of 5 and described the film as " kitchen sink fantasy " that " gives the vampire story back something it has been missing for a long time : the ability to really frighten us " .
this is a risky operation , as when a submarine has been damaged enough to sink it is possible there was an ingress of water into the pressure hull raising the internal pressure above the normal 1 bar .
these steps include hooking up to utilities ( electricity , water , sewer ) , reassembling the dinette , unfolding the sink , turning on systems ( water pump , water heater , etc . ) , making beds and unpacking belongings .
after the armistice , seversky became an assistant to air power advocate general billy mitchell , aiding him in his push to prove air power 's ability to sink battleships .
planes from " san juan"s group helped sink the giant on 7 april .
but one night , 15 april 1912 , the ship crashes into an iceberg and starts to sink slowly .
hardin argues against helping poor nations because they will believe their problems are being solved , the population will grow , and the " boat " will sink .
on the other hand , while battleships were important but also hard to damage or sink , there were other ships less important , but much more vulnerable .
although germany was not at war with greece at the time , detmers was allowed to sink the ship or capture it as a prize if allied cargo or weapons were found aboard : " antonis " was armed with three british machine guns and carrying 4,800 tons of coal from wales .
it is the arm action on the change up and the late sink just before it reaches the plate that has allowed hoffman to be as successful as he has been over the years .
so if my ideas sink into confusion , i owe that confusion to love .
however , he made one mistake that would inevitably sink his career , and the entire new mexico republican party .
butte sink national wildlife refuge .
ellen and balstrode find him , and the old captain encourages grimes to take his boat out to sea and sink it .
on july 2 , 1993 , during the bocaue river festival , tragedy struck when around 500 people rode the floating pagoda way beyond its capacity , causing it to sink and killing more than two hundred people .
timothy egan , opinion writer for " the new york times " , said of huckabee 's role in clemmons ' release , " if this case does not sink the presidential aspirations of huckabee … it should . "
all wings are identical and hold prisoners in single cells with in - cell but no toilet or sink .
the nuts sink in water , so it is unlikely they were found , as the arabs claimed , washed ashore in the maldives .
this means that the town and the area around it contains numerous sink holes and caves .
the quinn river evaporates in a sink at the black rock desert approximately northwest of winnemucca on the hog john ranch of the fort mcdermitt paiute - shoshone tribe of nevada and oregon .
more than two fuselage compartments had to be full of water to sink the aircraft .
however , the majority of those who are familiar with it , namely orthodox jewish students of talmud , are given no systematic instruction in the language , and are expected to " sink or swim " in the course of talmudic studies , with the help of some informal pointers showing similarities and differences with hebrew .
at around 0330 " sparrowhawk " sighted a german cruiser , again causing considerable alarm , but shortly afterwards the ship was seen to list and then sink bow first .
there are normally 5 to 16 eggs in the uterus , and their heaviness allows them to sink rapidly in water .
" shark " began to sink by the stern and all high - pressure air was used to return her to the surface .
monck then decided also to sink off ships in upnor reach near upnor castle , presenting another barrier to the dutch should they break through the chain at gillingham .
charlene then parked their van in a desolate area known as humboldt sink .
in april 1942 she took part in the indian ocean raid , striking royal navy bases at colombo and trincomalee ceylon and helping to sink the cruisers " cornwall " , " dorsetshire " , the aircraft carrier " hermes " , and her escort destroyer " vampire " .
facilities were expanded and included running water , electricity , and carpeting , as well as a refrigerator , sink and furnace .
he uses his power as a sink to protect palicrovol , who takes heart from this apparent weakening of the queen 's power and begins to march on inwit .
although the joseon navy was in a position to sink more ships , admiral yi forbade it , fearing that if more ships were sunk , it would prevent the japanese army leaving korea .
a variometer is a very sensitive vertical speed indicator ; in other words , indicates climb or sink rate with audio signals ( beeps ) and/or a visual display .
in addition , the advanced expeditionary force included 20 fleet and five two - man " ko - hyoteki "- class midget submarines , which were to gather intelligence and sink u.s. vessels attempting to flee pearl harbor during or soon after the attack .
these two newly created rivers carried the entire volume of the colorado river into the salton sink , filling it in approximately two years .
both are heavy and sink very fast into the abyss .
in december 1945 , sink returned to the united states , and the following month assumed command of the infantry detachment of the united states military academy .
two of the key measures of a glider ’s performance are its minimum sink rate and its best glide ratio , also known as the best ' glide angle ' .
on around midnight on 19 june 1989 she hit an ice floe while on a cruise near svalbard and begun to sink rapidly .
" sink or swim " is the second full - length studio album from californian hardcore punk band , over my dead body .
the band released its third album , " sink or swim " , in 2000 and started to play at folk festivals in canada and the united states .
the highest priority for the eclss is the iss atmosphere , but the system also collects , processes , and stores waste and water produced and used by the crew — a process that recycles fluid from the sink , shower , toilet , and condensation from the air .
as a result , the first people the sailors found were asked to come aboard to make the ship sink slightly ( yeater 6 ) .
sometimes " fune " was made inside a house but it did not have the function of a sink .
but often , as the crystals sink through the air they become vertically aligned , so sunlight is refracted horizontally -- in this case , sundogs are seen .
but jimmy gourd , turned off the water supply in the bathroom and sink , not the kitchen .
he had already assembled the wooden pithead gear , and was planning to sink a brick - lined shaft below this into the hillside .
about a minute later a second torpedo struck and tanker began to sink by the stern .
digital outputs can each sink and source around 20ma and are capable of driving leds and other small loads directly .
mutes used in this way include the " hat " ( a metal mute shaped like a bowler ) and plunger ( which looks like , and often is , the rubber suction cup from a sink or toilet plunger ) .
after about forty minutes , " greif " was able to sink " alacantara " with a torpedo .
discussion on the yehoodi board is centrally concerned with swing dancing , though ( as with every other online discussion board ) the busiest section of the board is the kitchen sink ( the " off - topic " forum ) .
if you are trimmed exactly at minimum sink ( very close to mush / stall ) then it would be advisable to move the hang point forward to where you have good roll response and control authority without pulling in ( when gliding power - off ) .
wind stress is a major driver of ocean currents while the ocean is a sink for atmospheric carbon dioxide .
the ibm trench is where the pacific plate lithosphere begins to sink .
this was shown by the 1965 - 1966 karst hydrology expedition using a soluble dye to be a continuation of the hectors river after its disappearance into hectors river sink 1 .
the first try fails , but then martin decides to sink " wuddship " in order to block the river , creating a dam on the river moss .
bishop praised some aspects of the album , stating that " hurried bloom " contained " a raw song - writing ability " and that " sink low " was " a hidden gem " .
a sink is a bowl - shaped fixture used for washing hands or small objects .
this shallow , graben - like sink is about 3 kilometers wide and extends to the south into an old lake basin .
shortly before midnight , she fired several more shots at 6,000-ton " nikkō maru " , but the japanese ship stubbornly refused to sink .
gregory ix denounced frederick ii as a heretic and summoned a council at rome to give point to his anathema , at which frederick ii attempted to capture or sink as many ships carrying prelates to the synod as he could .
other possible subdivisions include tribal lands , the colorado river communities , and the salton sink .
he did this with such stealth , they said , that the sailors did not know what had happened until their ships started to sink .
as each caisson rose in height , sand was removed from the centre of the caisson to make it sink into the sand bed .
at night on october 27/28 , 1864 , lieutenant cushing employed a spar torpedo to sink the confederate ironclad ram css albemarle .
after andy gets the first aid kit from under the sink , he discovers chucky is gone .
scenes featuring the collapsed mine and sink hole were filmed at the walt disney company ’s golden oak ranch in canyon country , california .
sink received word that a second battery of four guns had been discovered at holdy , a manor between his cp and sainte marie - du - mont , and the defenders had a force of some 70 paratroopers pinned down .
boyz in the sink also appear on the 2006 big idea release " veggie tales : worship songs " .
each individual bedroom contains a vanity with mirror , sink and cupboards .
a sink on the other hand would be like water flowing down a drain .
the hardest part of stamping is the waiting , you must make sure the concrete is hard enough that the stamp wo n't sink but loose enough that it will make a clean stamp .
on her way in , she gets blood all over the glass door ( which now has no stickers on it ) and on the sink .
extensive efforts to break the blockade included the use of torpedoes ( mines ) and armored ships to sink or otherwise render inoperative the federal vessels .
participating in nearly every major carrier engagement in the first year of the war , the enterprise and her air group , exclusive of far - flung destruction of hostile shore installations throughout the battle area , did sink or damage on her own a total of 35 japanese vessels and shoot down a total of 185 japanese aircraft .
if a page has no links to other pages , it becomes a sink and therefore terminates the random surfing process .
british admiral , rear admiral j. f. woodward , requested permission from the british government to sink " belgrano " .
the target refused to sink , even after " tautog " fired four more torpedoes into " the rubber ship " .
in some systems the drain is for discharge of waste fluids , such as the drain in a sink in which the water is drained when it is no longer needed .
insulation immediately behind rendered finishes causes surface temperatures and other stresses to build up inside the whole system and to a much greater extent than if it were able to make use of the heat sink available in any other masonry substrate .
the explosion ignited the fuel oil stored in the double bottoms and she began to rapidly sink by the bow .
sink received word that a second battery of four guns had been discovered at holdy , a manor between his cp and sainte marie - du - mont , and the defenders had a force of some 70 paratroopers pinned down .
the beer that is claimed to be the strongest yet made is " sink the bismarck ! " , a 41% abv ipa , made by brewdog , who also made " tactical nuclear penguin " , a 32% abv imperial stout , using the eisbock method of freeze distilling - in november 2009 the brewery freeze distilled a 10% ale , gradually removing the ice until the beer reached 32% abv .
when the full goodman beaver series was reprinted by kitchen sink press , the story could not legally be included .
they were designed to sink fast , deep - diving nuclear - powered submarines and high - performance surface ships .
the typical single room had a bed , sink , wardrobe and a chest of drawers .
on april 15 , 1987 , crump recorded in her field diary that she counted 133 toads mating in one " kitchen sink - sized pool " that she was observing .
whereas boileau had offered a detailed discussion of all the ways in which poetry could ascend or be " awe - inspiring , " pope offers a lengthy schematic of the ways in which authors might " sink " in poetry , satirizing the very men who were allied with ambrose philips .
he has a " plus " 2-seam fastball that has sink and good movement at 91 - 94 mph , and throws a " filthy " hard - breaking slider that is consistently precise , and has bite at 80 - 86 mph ( managers rated it the best breaking ball in the texas league ) .
in april 1940 she sank the german troop transport " ionia " and attacked , but failed to sink the german depot ship " tsingtau " .
aircraft such as airliners may have a better glide ratio than a hang glider , but would rarely be able to thermal because of their much higher forward speed and their much higher sink rate .
he played a role in the movie " casualties of war " and also played colonel robert f. sink in the hbo miniseries " band of brothers " , on which his company also worked , and is now beginning a directing career .
several of the properties of the diclonius change between the anime and the manga ; lucy has many more vectors in the manga and her destructive power is far more powerful at the point she can destroy buildings and sink an island , and there is greater variation in hair and eye color .
originally named " operation hornbill " the aim of rimau was to sink japanese shipping by placing limpet mines on ships .
meanwhile , the corrupt city of hollywood and surrounding areas of los angeles sink into the ocean due to a massive earthquake , but the news report- placed deep within the telecast , and not as one of the main stories- only briefly alludes to the millions of dead citizens and mentions the possible decline in entertainment stock prices .
german torpedoes sink ships .
a group of planes from an extremely heavy japanese counterattacking force dove at the destroyer in an attempt to sink her while she was on her own .
as it neared the naval base at olongapo in subic bay , us navy planes from the uss " hornet " attacked the unmarked ship causing it to sink on december 15 .
the processor is required to have an active cooling system , consisting of a fan and heat sink .
despite the nine french batteries covering the bay , boscawen sent in , and to sink the frigates .
the salton sink is located in southeastern california near the arizona border .
then , at about 07:50 , a singularly violent explosion caused her to capsize and sink .
twenty - four forced - draft cooling towers utilize water from the cedar river as a heat sink .
only the forestry sector ( a carbon sink equivalent to 32% of 2007 ghg emissions ) has entered the nz ets , from 1 january 2009 .
she then joined cable on providence for a time , until a battle with the hecatomb caused the island stronghold to sink into the ocean and cable was presumed dead .
" ub-2 " did not sink any vessels over the next four months .
the intention was to disguise the ship as a defenseless civilian vessel and , after luring an enemy submarine into close quarters on the surface , open fire with hidden guns and sink the unsuspecting u - boat .
scenes that are unmistakably auto - biographical include vignettes where burroughs takes out evidence of amphetamine prescription bottles his mother gave him to sink with a large stone at the bottom of lake worth , florida .
local legends also suggest the shafts were originally dug by spanish adventurers to mine silver in the late fifteenth century , but no documentary evidence can be found to support this theory , and no firm evidence of spanish occupation of the islands prior to the dutch settlement exists , much less the size of settlement which would be needed to sink shafts .
it consists of an " absorber " ( usually it is a thin layer of metal ) connected to a heat sink ( area of constant temperature ) through an insulating link .
it was sink or swim , and we decided to swim . "
shortly thereafter , while attempting to sink a large sampan , the submarine was caught on the surface by a japanese plane .
his very english , camp glumness was a revolt into sixties kitchen - sink greyness against the gaudiness of the eighties new wave music , as exemplified by culture club and their ilk .
the feeling ’s yet to sink in and i ca n’t believe i actually bagged this project .
once in position , additional weight is used to sink the element into the final location , this being a critical stage to ensure each piece is aligned correctly .
but a number of great deluges came ( including the global flood of deucalion ) , and because no soil washed down from the mountains to replace the lost soil , the soil in that land was stripped away , causing much of the area to sink out of sight , and the islands that remained to become the " bones of a dead body .
" cages " was published as single volume by kitchen sink press in 1998 , and in a new edition by nbm publishing in 2002 .
on the way back to the island , they see a white light envelop it , before the entire island appears to sink beneath the waves .
thorold went on to the great salt lake and noted " there is a bathing station here , and almost all the company , gentlemen and ladies , bathed in the sea , which , from the quantity of salt , it is quite impossible to sink " .
its purpose was not necessarily to sink enemy vessels trying to enter , but rather to force them to steer close to fort morgan and its guns .
a sink rate of approximately 1.0 m / s is the most that a practical hang glider or paraglider could have before it would limit the occasions that a climb was possible to only when there was strongly rising air .
in 1750 james winstanley iii tried to sink a pit on the manor .
it was possible for persons to rise or sink from one rank to another .
murrow portrayed himself in the british film production of " sink the bismarck ! " in 1960 , recreating some of the wartime broadcasts he did from london for cbs .
it is designed to sink to the bottom of a body of water , where it moves about using traction against the bottom with wheels or treads .
sink into the atmosphere of traditional culture , have a cup of chrysanthemum tea and relax by bargaining on various kinds of handicrafts and local products .
after shanks leaves , she drops her ring down the sink , and reaches in to collect it .
just as soap bubbles , with air inside and air outside , have negative buoyancy and tend to sink towards the ground , so antibubbles , with water inside and water outside have positive buoyancy and tend to rise towards the water surface .
on 17 may , her group teamed with british aircraft to sink the german submarine " u-616 " , and the next day , " emmons " sailed for england , and final preparations for the invasion of france , 6 june .
she had just received a new gun and in the rush to leave the dock , got the supply ship " gallego " caught in her anchor chain , causing the " gallego " to sink .
( if the glider flies at 40 knots for an hour and experiences a sink rate , it will travel 40 nautical miles and descend .
the island is believed to be inaccessible to normal travel due to its being surrounded by water of less - than - usual density , causing ships to sink .
while tropical rain forests have more biodiversity and turnover , the immense conifer forests of the world represent the largest terrestrial carbon sink , i.e. where carbon is bound as organic compounds .
perhaps because of his early involvement in"the avengers " , he often found work on shows that featured fantasy adventure , rather than the kitchen sink realism that had arisen in britain at the start of his career .
