against powerful claycourters who employ strong western grips and can drive high bouncing balls with great force , there is often not enough time to take the ball on the rise , and many speculate that this weakness is the explanation for rafael nadal 's dominant record against federer on the high bouncing clay , where slice is less effective .
although some students speculate that , with thomas being a drug dealer , a druggie had had something to do with his death , josh hollis- thomas ' roommate and best friend- soon becomes a suspect .
a more obscure word that is sometimes interpreted as ' hag ' is the irish " síle " , which has led some to speculate on a connection between the cailleach and the stonecarvings of sheela na gigs .
they also refused to take any phone calls for the first couple of days after the crash , which led many to speculate that they were afraid of what their callers would say .
he did not speculate too heavily and took steps to improve its financial administration .
leonardo da vinci 's illustrations of polyhedra in " de divina proportione " ( " on the divine proportion " ) and his views that some bodily proportions exhibit the golden ratio have led some scholars to speculate that he incorporated the golden ratio in his paintings .
some speculate that the shroud could have been a major part of the famed " templar treasure " that treasure hunters still seek today .
some speculate that if tigres or rayados had a bigger stadium , this could be the biggest game in the nation .
it is therefore difficult to speculate as to whether a station at this site will ever actually be built and all references to such a proposal should remain hypothetical .
the concept generally does not include moons , because there is insufficient evidence and theory to speculate what moons might be habitable on account of their proximity to a planet .
in addition to allowing investors to achieve high distribution returns , especially during periods of low interest rates , royalty trusts allow investors to speculate directly on commodities such as gas , oil , or iron ore without having to buy futures contracts , or use the other investment vehicles traditionally associated with commodities – since the trusts trade like stocks .
he is best known for his hugo award - winning novels and novellas " a fire upon the deep " ( 1992 ) , " a deepness in the sky " ( 1999 ) , " rainbows end " ( 2006 ) , " fast times at fairmont high " ( 2002 ) and " the cookie monster " ( 2004 ) , as well as for his 1993 essay " the coming technological singularity " , in which he argues that exponential growth in technology will reach a point beyond which we can not even speculate about the consequences .
the depiction of apedemak displaying a lotus flower is also somewhat unusual , and initially led early archaeologists of naqa to speculate that the temple had indian influences , given that trade routes from india led to the ancient red sea port of adulis , in modern day eritrea .
subsequently , the media began to speculate on the matter as well .
some speculate that she died at honnō - ji , but the woman alleged to be nōhime was more often believed to be a dormant prostitute who oda nobunaga had taken a liking to .
the setting is a small town , which can be seen trailing into the countryside in the background ; some speculate it may have been collatia , but that place was hardly the scene of a national revolution .
ironically , the ratings at the time of their dismissal placed cox and lynam in the top 5 rankings , leading some to speculate that the change was financially motivated , due to emmis 's sagging stock price coinciding with the end of cox 's expensive contract .
some rocks and soil layers contain what some speculate to be remnants of an extreme heat ( caused by an event such as a meteor hit ) .
scholars speculate that " hamlet " may have been censored , as " predestined " appears only in this quarto .
some speculate that the pope could leave instructions in writing , perhaps in his will , for the appointment to be made known after his death ; but it is difficult to imagine a case in which the pope would consider that his own death would remove the obstacle in the way of publishing the name .
the national park service had a reproduction made in 1978 as part of the restoration of congress hall ; they had to speculate on the exact design of the eagle and chose the representation seen on the first seal die .
jeff , jeannie , marty and clara take the plane home only for clara to speculate what to tackle next horse racing or the stock exchange !
sharif was asked a final question - to speculate as to why he was detained .
while some organized crime historians and crime scholars speculate that milazzo 's murder started the bloody castellammarese war in new york city between joe " the boss " masseria and milazzo 's associate , salvatore maranzano .
the vulnerability of satellites to a collision with larger debris and the ease of launching such an attack against a low - flying satellite , has led some to speculate that such an attack would be within the capabilities of countries unable to make a precision attack like former u.s. or soviet systems .
that month , allen declined to speculate on his political future .
one may speculate that this is due to the evolutionary importance to humans of knowing where sounds are coming from , and that imaging may therefore be more important than some purely esthetic considerations in satisfying the listener .
some food historians speculate that éclairs were first made by antonin carême ( 1784 - 1833 ) , the famous french chef .
it is tempting to speculate that the pahlen plot was triggered by the indian adventure , given that the high - placed russian officials did not approve of it and their conspiracy was financed by british diplomacy .
the congressman had reportedly invited presidential candidates chuck baldwin , bob barr , cynthia mckinney , and ralph nader to the press conference , leading some to speculate that they would endorse paul running for president on the ticket of either the constitution , libertarian or other third party .
ben bernie was noted for always having a cigar in hand and some speculate this hastened his death in 1943 .
some incorrectly speculate it was used as an attempt to help classify the ps2 as a computer to achieve tax exempt status from certain eu taxes that apply to game consoles and not computers ( it was the yabasic included with eu units that was intended to do that ) .
in november 2005 , william hill transferred its hedging activities from the racecourse to betting exchanges , primarily betdaq , prompting commentators to speculate that the " big three " bookmakers could take control of betdaq in order to undermine betfair 's market .
according to the jargon file , " gibson 's near - total ignorance of computers and the present - day hacker culture enabled him to speculate about the role of computers and hackers in the future in ways hackers have since found both irritatingly naïve and tremendously stimulating " .
they do not speculate as to the time , day or year of the second coming , but watch for biblical indications , or " signs of the times " that the event is approaching .
as to the direction that their cultural evolution may have led , we can only speculate .
we can speculate that both commanders fielded large numbers of cavalry .
however texts from this time also refer to an oral tradition - the origin and content of which we can only speculate upon .
some speculate that it comes from the turkish verb " qaz " ( to wander ) , because the kazakhs were wandering steppemen ; or that it derives from the mongol word " khasaq " ( a wheeled cart used by the kazakhs to transport their yurts and belongings ) .
it withheld information on its industrial processes , leaving researchers to speculate what products the factory was producing and by what methods .
after den 's supposed murder , sharon - his daughter - began to speculate about the identity of the mysterious woman who had been seen with him prior to his death .
genealogists speculate that poupko derives from the yiddish word meaning « doll » or «
at breakfast , the trippers speculate as to whether they will be going to a spa as brendan has told them to bring their swimming costumes .
this led many to speculate that the cause of the fire was arson , although this speculation has never been proven .
his life inspired historian frank tipton to speculate : " what would have happened had his father died sooner or if he himself had lived longer ? "
completion of the building is unknown , while some speculate the building may start construction as soon as the " late 2000 's recession " ends .
the word “ speculate
some scientists speculate that prolonged bonds developed in humans along with increased sharing of food .
some historians speculate that the legend was based on a real 16th - century occultist .
these circumstances have led some to speculate that the poem was written on religious , patriotic , and antiquarian themes in order to improve ovid 's reputation and standing with the rulers of rome , and secure his release from exile .
fisher said of the injury " it could be any number of things and it would be unfair for me to speculate right now .
members of their circle might speculate on whether they were lovers : ivy referred to herself and margaret as " neutrals " .
preliminary studies with resveratrol , a possible sirt1 activator , have led some scientists to speculate that resveratrol may extend lifespan .
some say that the lover was a slave girl purchased and educated as a poet by wallada , while others speculate that it could have been a male .
the name of his father , categern ( = cadeyrn ) , has led some scholars to speculate that he was the son of cadeyern fendigaid , and thus brother to cadell ddyrnllwg , who preceded his kingship .
in 1923 , odlum , a friend , and their wives pooled a total of $ 39,600 and formed the united states company to speculate in purchases of utilities and general securities .
he did well and began to speculate , initially in land .
some speculate that adding context to engineering help to motivate engineering students’ studies and thus improve retention and diversity in engineering schools .
his refusal to discuss the nature of his work during this period led some to speculate that he worked for the british intelligence services in turkey , but proof for this hypothesis is lacking .
these moves spurred fans to speculate that rogers communications was attempting to make the franchise more attractive to potential buyers , and that the jays might leave toronto as part of such a sale .
he went on to speculate that a person who failed to pay child support might well attempt to escape the toils of the law by going abroad , and might even be violating the laws of the united states , citing " kent " regarding the longstanding policy to deny passports for these reasons .
soon they begin to speculate that the dead man may have been a time traveller from the future , who went back in time to film a significant event two millennia ago -- and of course , the most significant thing to film during that era was jesus christ .
some speculate that an artist like sakai might be chosen in the future to produce those songs .
since mark has so far listed four disciples some speculate mark might be indicating it is them doing the carrying , but there is no general agreement on this .
scholars speculate that the " tractatus coislinianus " summarises the contents of the lost second book .
these characteristics led early researchers to speculate that it preyed on large land - dwelling mammals .
some speculate , that this was due to rising anti - american sentiment in saudi arabia .
though we can certainly speculate on the reasons , the answer to this question we ’ll never know for sure .
some genealogists speculate that wanton became an episcopal minister near liverpool , england , although this seems inconsistent with other information about his life .
researchers who discuss " core systems " often speculate about differences in thinking and learning between proposed domains .
taking this particular situation as an example , one could easily speculate that any accretion of flammable fuels , cloth , or scraps ( the “ fluff ” denoted by fennell ) could likewise lead to a devastating fire .
legal filings by special counsel patrick fitzgerald contain many pages blanked out for security reasons , leading some observers to speculate that fitzgerald has pursued the extent to which national security was compromised by plame 's identity being revealed .
television personality piers morgan , a former editor of " the daily mirror " and of " the sun " ’s bizarre pop column , has said that during the late 1980s , at kelvin mackenzie 's behest , he was ordered to speculate on the sexuality of male pop stars for a feature headlined " the poofs of pop " .
some accounts speculate that berezovsky was born on october 27 , 1745 in hlukhiv , and studied at the kyiv mohyla academy .
stevens and moore speculate that boucher had a large part in the creation of cally .
given the fact that infants and children are under - represented in this total , archaeologists speculate that as many as a thousand or more people could have been buried at the seven cemeteries at the site .
some historians speculate that the sea battle and subsequent events never actually took place and are work of anti - tyranny authors .
the neck 's range of movement would have also allowed the head to graze below the level of the body , leading some scientists to speculate on whether " diplodocus " grazed on submerged water plants , from riverbanks .
some scholars speculate that this may have marked a fundamental shift in people 's beliefs or myths about life and the afterlife .
lord and sue dibny speculate on sending l - ron along the magical path to investigate , an idea he strongly protests .
similarities between the discoveries of b44e and j002e3 , now believed to be part of the apollo 12 rocket , have led some astronomers to speculate that b44e may be another relic of human space exploration which has returned to earth orbit .
godart and sacconi read the tablets to indicate cult activity dedicated to demeter , zeus protector of crops , and to kore , and they speculate that the roots of the eleusinian mysteries can be traced back to mycenaean thebes .
elements of its " extreme style " suggested it was an early era piece , which was enough for her to speculate on which of the six daughters the statue might represent , meritaten – despite the absence of an inscription , or a head .
the contemporary accounts of his personality have led some modern commentators , such as oliver sacks , to speculate that he had asperger syndrome , though he may merely have been painfully shy .
some speculate that future technology will make further extraction possible , but to some , this future technology is already considered in proven and probable reserve numbers .
like uvb light treatments , the reason remains unclear , though investigators speculate there may be similar effects on cell turnover and the skin 's immune response .
some scholars speculate the king mentioned in the inscription was king sai , one of the five kings of wa , written in the chinese historical text book of song .
a full ten characters do not admit analysis in terms of linear b and owens can only speculate as to their meaning .
the discrepancy between this development and his previously presumed male sex is noted by the mercenaries , who can only speculate as to the cause of the change .
catherine and keppler speculate that the killer has killed before , so they search the lvpd unsolved homicides database for cases involving victims similar to veronica .
however many speculate that this crash was far too large and too dangerous not to throw the yellow and give martin the win .
a leaked 1998 u.s. defense intelligence agency ( dia ) report went so far as to speculate that this could be possible within 5 years if the guerrilla 's rate of operations was kept up without effective opposition .
as with any being so powerful , and especially one versed in illusion , one can only speculate as to ikonn 's real form .
although emperor yōmei is reported to have died from illness , this incident and the brevity of his reign have led some to speculate that he was actually assassinated by moriya and prince anahobe .
some historians speculate that suleiman 's final assault was n't necessarily intended to take the city but to cause as much damage as possible and weaken it for a later attack , a tactic he had employed at buda in 1526 .
some speculate that they may have originally occupied a territory in the area of urartu ; alternatively , ancient accounts suggest that they first arrived from a homeland in the west , from the region of troy , or even from as far as macedonia , as the bryges .
spotted hyenas have a matriarchal social structure that some biologists speculate evolved because it is in the best interests of the female hyena to dominate the male hyena as it provides no assistance in rearing the cubs .
some parties speculate that williams was not the true killer , and that local law enforcement officials used him as a scapegoat to bring a seemingly unsolvable case to a close .
some speculate he nicknamed all of his loves justina , and that he referred to at least three different women by this name .
some glen ridge residents stated that they felt that the school placed too great an importance on athletics , and this lead outsiders to speculate that the athletes had received special treatment by the school .
while funding was given as a primary reason , others speculate that it was due to a fallout among the worldwide church of god ministry in the united kingdom .
scholars speculate that shakespeare was familiar with his work , having read part of his translation of the " iliad " for his own " troilus and cressida " , a dramatic reworking of chaucer 's epic poem .
some speculate this is a verbalization of anakin 's rationalizations and motives , nonetheless lucas seems to be speaking directly to the nature of the force as it operates in the universe he created .
the viewer of the picture is invited to speculate about several different possible explanations of the scene .
some historians speculate that the origin of the name lalíik refers to the inundation of the columbia river plateau during the missoula floods , as rattlesnake would have been one of the few mountains not completely inundated by flood waters reaching depths of 1200 ft ( 366 m ) .
by 1967 approximately 75,000 defections had been recorded , but analysts speculate that less than 25% of those were genuine .
the failure of the german model to maintain standards of high performance has led experts to speculate about its demise , despite having been adopted successfully in other countries ' corporations since its peak .
armstrong did not hear the criticism of other astronauts , but he did speculate after the flight that rcs activation might not have been necessary had the gemini capsule stayed docked to the agena – the agena 's attitude control system possibly could have been used to regain control .
critics speculate that as ethanol is more widely used , changing irrigation practices could greatly increase pressure on water resources .
he believed in god , and accepted roman catholicism , but declined to speculate in what sense particular historical events were influenced by god 's providence .
it is reasonable to " speculate " that eventually cinemadng will become a formal standard , based on the history of dng itself which has been submitted to iso for use in the revision of iso 12234 - 2 ( ep ) .
scientists speculate that this could have been the effects of a tsunami possibly caused by krakatoa 416 ad event .
the company operates the hedgestreet exchange , which launched in october 2004 and provides traders with a place where they can hedge against or speculate on economic events and price movements .
some authors speculate that part of the contribution of estrogen hormone replacement therapy to breast cancer mortality arises from the issue of increased mammographic breast density .
however , some speculate that the break could be permanent due to vague statements given from cyhsy 's manager , nick stern , that " [ the internet is ] probably reading a bit too much into things . "
for example , while classic biogeographers were able to speculate about the origins of species in the hawaiian islands , phylogeography allows them to test theories of relatedness between these populations and putative source populations in asia and north america .
during the referendum , heffer was one of the best speakers for the no campaign , although he had a tendency to speculate about the issue - claiming that the eec would reintroduce conscription .
john and lesley speculate that unexplained disappearances of a japanese fishing fleet and a siberian seal boat may have been due to the octopus .
back in the 1930 ’s , people who liked skiing would speculate on the amount of fun would be to ski down the north slope of marsh mountain .
mark lowenthal , who retired from a senior management position at the cia in march 2005 reportedly told linzer : " you can only speculate that if she had foreign contacts , those contacts might be nervous and their relationships with her put them at risk .
thus , the western capercaillie never had particularly high densities , despite the legends that hunters like to speculate about .
fans speculate that reznor may have been the source of this leak , based on a post on his official blog : " 12/21/06 : happy holidays !
historians speculate that he was annoyed by an editorial published in the same journal by dr. theophilus parvin , " an uncommon form of vaginismus " .
they speculate that harry rayburn is the " man in the brown suit " .
some speculate that she was cleared of all charges in exchange for giving the collection to the french state after her death .
it has not been revealed what this protection is , but many users speculate that it is the coloured covering on the outside .
the school 's success has led many in pakistan to speculate that the future of pakistan lies in the capable hands of the young breed of philanthropists like roy .
in some later works some rabbis speculate that he is to be identified with phinehas ( pirḳe r. el .
one might speculate that it may be possible to farm the phytoplankton blooms , collect the biomass and store it in depleted oil wells , where methanogenesis would not be a problem .
analysts began to speculate that he was attempting a take over of the gucci group .
however , some speculate that the final scene after the ending credits implies that the child she is about to give birth to is in fact the mononoke , having taken the place of her own miscarried child .
this highly specialized diet has led some to speculate that these monsters were actually engineered by some other alien species ( such as the spider - robots of bob and the suit 's species from the 2003 venom series ) to keep the symbiote population under control .
at the very beginning of his career , while at hahneman , cancer - related research work resulted in his becoming interested in the part played by microtubules in cell division , and led him to speculate that they were controlled by some form of computing .
other theories speculate that , since the viola da braccio was typically played by a lower socioeconomic class ( e.g. , servants ) , the work sought to upend the musical status quo by giving an important role to a " lesser " instrument .
other critics speculate that the poem was partly inspired by the opening of " love 's labour 's lost " and other literary works .
how that was all possible , technically , i 'll leave it up to each of you to decide and speculate .
maas emerged with little credit in the defeat , and the local media were beginning to speculate whether , after two straight years of disappointment , the eskimos were " ever " going to get past the western final .
players on the official hunt site speculate that the hcb are keys to understanding the treasure hunt .
modern historians have suspected that sultan mas'ud instigated the murder although the two most important historians of the period ibn al - athir and ibn al - jawzi did not speculate on this matter .
rumours of the record - setting shot began to circulate while the investigation was ongoing , leading some to speculate and later claim that the shot had been made by perry .
many speculate that the team was actually consisted of played aged 18–29 , jacked up on steroids , and placed in the 14 - 15 division because they could n't keep up with the adults .
the later work of ' people like us ' could not live up to the original success of ' deliverance ' and some might speculate it was because of the untimely death of paul crossley or the departure of cindy dickenson .
but here you have an erudite consideration of the graduated anatomy of the structure of the practical process through which to realise the fact about which philosophies but speculate . "
some readers speculate that it is a suburb of new york city because that is where the author is from .
jonson 's reference to " happy genius " have led some to speculate that shakespeare was jonson 's co - author on the original version of " sejanus " — which has not survived .
she died in italy shortly before her husband on 28 april of the following year , of what is believed to have been the plague ( some speculate that it may have been syphilis given to her from her husband ) .
monis wrote three books defending the religious reasons behind his conversion , but cambridge first church records speculate disapprovingly on his secret observance of the jewish sabbath on saturdays .
until an excavation is performed and evidence is unearthed , one can only speculate .
still others speculate that tarhuntassa may be a kaskan name for the city the greeks called troy .
some speculate it came from a name new england fisherman called the flying fish , bonita .
he does not speculate why , but instead demonstrates a clear relationship between " sigelwara " and " sigelhearwa " and shows how discovering the original meaning of the word " sigelhearwa " is almost impossible ; that trying to do so must be " for the joy of the hunt rather than the hope of a final kill " .
although she appears to have come from a noble family , there is no clear reason as to why she would have been chosen as leo 's bride , leading some scholars to speculate that she was selected in a bride - show , in which eligible women were paraded before the bridegroom , until one was finally selected .
since they did not choose to translate the titles into local languages , we can speculate that either they thought it important to leave the name of the sutra in sanskrit for some reason , or they felt that there was no easy answer to the question : what exactly does the name mean ?
this record came just as people began to speculate her fall from the top of pole vaulting , as american jennifer stuczynski cleared 4.92 metres at the american olympic trials .
some speculate it was located somewhat further north .
they speculate the forward deliberately turned up the air pressure in his final moments in order to allow the two to live until ausfaller returned .
we can only speculate as to whether her rash action resulted from cruel or indecent treatment at the hands of her employer , a family crisis pulling her back home , a threat from an unknown person , or a simple failure to resist the temptation of an empty house .
sayles sees like a documentarian , showing us the women , listening to their stories , inviting us to share their hopes and fears and speculate about their motives .
similar customs could be found until recently among many tibetan tribes , leading some to speculate that the issedones were of tibetan extraction .
the various mounds surrounding the temple at bahulara have led archeologists to speculate that it was a budhist centre at some point of time .
in most legal jurisdictions , a doctor can give expert witness testimony as to whether a child was being harmed but can not speculate regarding the motive of the caregiver .
vallée is one of the first people to speculate about the possibility that the miracle at fatima was a ufo .
the reader is left to speculate the ending .
it has been implied that she spent most of the time in the hospital , and many speculate she was in a coma .
some scholars speculate that the name derives from the turkic root " bala " or " great " , and the clan - name " endzhar " .
it is always better to investigate rather than to speculate , "
besides , pugilists and other sects in the " jianghu " who are unaware of the cult 's real motives due to its conservative nature , often speculate that it is evil in nature and they spread rumours .
their cosmology relied on giant astrophysical explosions resulting from a hypothetical mixing of cosmic matter and antimatter that created the universe or " meta - galaxy " as they preferred to speculate ( see the shapley - curtis debate for more on the history of distinguishing between the universe and the milky way galaxy ) .
anne and suzanne speculate that nadina was the dead woman in the mill house .
the somewhat embittered negotiations between the city and the chargers have led many to speculate that the chargers will attempt to leave san diego , with los angeles as the supposed destination .
some speculate that dr. anthony will not be retained as the party 's political leader at the party 's next national convention .
according to the line 's creator roger sweet he was inspired by the character jaws from the james bond film moonraker , although many also speculate his design stems from the character of iron jaw from mattel 's earlier toy line big jim , to whom trap jaw bears more than a passing resemblance .
" prefactual ( before the fact ) thought experiments " speculate on possible future outcomes , given the present , and ask " what will be the outcome if event e occurs ? "
some sources speculate that the accident may also have been the result of a mid - air collision , of structural failure , or a terrorist act following a claim of responsibility from the abu - bakr brigades , a terrorist organization .
this has led the federation of american scientists to speculate that the uk warhead may share design information from the w76 ; a practice which is encouraged by the 1958 us - uk mutual defence agreement .
efforts at even attempting to speculate that the human race might survive an actual world war iii in any recognizable form , do not appear to be likely to achieve widespread acceptance in popular culture anytime soon .
some speculate that the wear and tear of weeks of bombardment , combined with the vibrations produced when a v-2 slammed into the earth at , was enough to bring about the collapse of the bridge .
united states intelligence officials speculate there has been contact between hezbollah and low - level al - qaeda figures who fled afghanistan for lebanon .
had this been done , skydivers speculate that it is most likely that the problem with this parachute would also have been easily rectified .
the release of " smile " led some reviewers to speculate the lovett might be experiencing some sort of writer 's block .
as to why " e. coli " works this way , one can only speculate .
many speculate that this means serious , new competition for established providers of bundled telecommunications services .
because information of the planned work was released to the public along with the designs of s gundam , some fans started to speculate that s gundam was a fake or possibly the work of fan fiction .
as a young man in paris borrowed money from richard cantillon to speculate in shares in mississippi company and the south sea company .
the authors even speculate that the scientific and industrial revolutions may have come about from genetic improvements in europe within the last millennium or so , the absence of which had prevented the development of science in ancient greece beyond a point .
however , glaciologists speculate that the " size " of the glacier is at its smallest since the 1200s .
the elemental nature of the tarrasque leads the few living tarrasque experts to speculate that the elemental princes of evil have something to do with its existence .
asd replaces the traditional waterfall cycle with a repeating series of " speculate " , " collaborate " , and " learn " cycles .
there is also no “ deal ” behind this move as many may speculate and allege because if i had been ready to make deals , i would not have been doing what i did for the last three years .
the historian points out juan antonio monet as responsible of the agreement : “ the main characters kept a deep silence pact and , therefore , we can only speculate , although with little risk of being wrong ” ( page 254 ) .
as the previously prolific band were unusually quiet , the uk music press began to speculate .
this led the event 's tv commentators to openly speculate that kerr 's fighting career was over .
some scientists speculate that this near - earth asteroid could return because of the earth 's gravitational pull .
in the " weekly islander " offices , the three friends , old and new , ferret out all the answers they can from the facts of the 25-year - old investigation , then speculate on what might have happened , and meditate on the nature of true mysteries .
certain themes in this school reached new extremes in t.g. elliott 's " the christianity of constantine the great " ( 1996 ) , which presented constantine as a committed christian from early childhood .. a similar view of constantine is held in paul veyne 's recent ( 2007 ) work , " quand notre monde est devenu chrétien " , which does not speculate on the origins of constantine 's christian motivation , but presents him , in his role as emperor , as a religious revolutionary who fervently believed himself meant " to play a providential role in the millenary economy of the salvation of humanity " .
some speculate that cvw is an early off - shoot or even a precursor of gardnerian wicca , while others suggest that the cvw share a common ancestor with what later became gardnerian wicca .
he also alleged that ankhesenamen and the hittite prince she was about to marry were also murdered at his orders , and one can speculate he might be also involved at ankhesenamen 's two miscarriages and even at akhenaten , nefertiti and smenkhare 's deaths .
some people speculate that he made special deals with trust that benefited himself .
baracael is now in stable condition ; police speculate that the shooting maybe basketball - related .
the incident has also led some university professors , criminologists , and attorneys to speculate that u.s. governors will become more reluctant to grant pardons and clemencies to convicted felons , in order to avoid the negative publicity faced by dukakis and huckabee in the horton and clemmons cases , respectively .
however it does not have any funding for this , and the radical clearance of the old alignment of the railway for re - development since the mid 1990s would make this costly and the actual alignment of any new railway difficult to speculate on .
many political analysts speculate deweese 's leadership style led to the 1994 and 2007 party defections .
investigators speculate that the driver may have been attempting to make up this lost time by increasing the train 's speed beyond customary limits .
this allows us to speculate as to the reason for its presence and whether or not it symbolized a period of instability or at least a change in circumstances from the first dynasty .
because of the nature of the character(s ) , fans began to speculate that kara thrace was a version of the corrupted seven line , or that her father was .
since the length of time systems spent in development had been steadily growing since the 8-bit era , consumers were left with a lengthy period of time in which to speculate about the strengths and weaknesses of the consoles to be released in the next generation .
one can speculate that the reason that some provinces assert copyright and limit electronic access to the law is to sell legal texts to legal publishers and the law profession .
simultaneously , the airline created an alliance with american airlines and several oneworld alliance partner leading some to speculate whether the airline will join that alliance .
some people speculate that the stories about jiang shi was originally made up by smugglers who disguised their illegal activities as corpse transportation and wanted to scare off law enforcement officers .
the manuscript on which the poem is found , ( sloane 2593 , ff.10v-11 ) is held by the british library , who date the work to c.1400 and speculate that the lyrics may have belonged to a wandering minstrel ; other poems included in the manuscript include " i have a gentil cok " , " adam lay i - bowndyn " and two riddle songs - " a minstrel 's begging song " and " i have a yong suster " .
fan theories speculate that this is energy slizer recreated ; however , there is no proof toward it , due to the storyline 's improper introduction .
we used to speculate on whether she would marry ; on the whole the betting was that an air ace would carry her off her feet , but in the end it was the excellent historian , michael postan , on whom the choice fell .
these administrators of the quad houses speculate that the change from the quad to the yard , which happened during their time , was because the narrow pathways of the quad could not accommodate the increasing multitudes of people with an urge to get naked in public .
in a book written in 1894 , the author speculate that the paisley terrier was created by fanciers in glasgow who selected skye terriers with short backs and long , silky coats " until they bred fairly truly " .
in that case , those scholars speculate that the title may have been given to ahhotep posthumously .
" freaks , faggots , drunks & junkies " would also become notable for its infamous liner notes by allin , part of which make the outrageous claim , " i do n't fuckin ' care if people know i had sex with my brother or my dog " , although it 's not known if allin is actually claiming to have done these acts ; many speculate that he either just said he did to come off as obnoxious , or to state in his own way that he was wholly unconcerned with people 's opinions about him .
no details on yu 's disciplinary infractions were officially released , but rumors in hong kong media reports speculate that investigators had found that yu may have used his influence while he was mayor of shenzhen to allow a hong kong company his relative used to work for win a government contract .
the arm & hammer brand was in use some 31 years before hammer was born , leading some to speculate that things were actually the other way around and hammer 's father named him after the brand .
the canton morning news put a $ 20,000 price tag on the massillon tigers 1906 team , while many speculate that the bulldogs probably cost even more .
caymanite formation remains largely unknown , yet geologists speculate that caymanite formed between sixteen and twenty - five million years ago in the oligocene and miocene time period .
the mind will not only deduce , speculate , and comprehend , but it will also awaken , will , enlighten and inspire .
although critics speculate that yerma kills her husband in the end because he is a frugal , economically driven man who has no desire to have children , the play is indeterminate on this issue .
however , on september 11 , 2007 , everett showed significant movement in his arms and legs , which led doctors to speculate that he might eventually be able to walk again .
some also speculate that the legend of carnivorous mice ( " myszy " in modern polish ) might contain a grain of truth as the word bears semblance to the name of the first historical ruler of the piasts , mieszko ( whose name in fact signified " bear " in old polish language ) .
some speculate that it was an attempted burglary and that the suspect set the lighthouse afire to cover any evidence of wrongdoing .
curiously , we are left to speculate about their motives when he and pamela become betrothed .
in 642 , when chu was troubled by the fact that emperor taizong was overly favoring his son li tai the prince of wei , over li tai 's older brother li chengqian the crown prince , chu pointed out that an emperor to overly favor sons other than heirs would have the undesirable effect of causing people to speculate as to who should succeed the emperor .
the simulated instability is rooted in the geography of the region , leading the authors to speculate that the subliming of the polar ice is a local phenomenon rather than a global one .
they further speculate that muhammad refrained from a public written will , seeing the extent of contempt umar allegedly showed while he was still alive ; future rulers might discredit the written will by repeating umar 's words , causing enormous damage to people 's ability to take muhammad seriously on other matters .
buckland concludes : " we speculate that bush did not independently originate the notion of an electronic microfilm selector , although that was possible .
the deaths of biggie and 2pac left many to speculate if the coastal hostility had been responsible for their demises .
it has never been made clear who cast the singing actors , but it is possible to speculate that they were selected by albert marre and mitch leigh and chose to stay with the project even after marre and leigh had left , especially since gino conforti had been a member of the original cast of the stage production , and julie gregg had also appeared on broadway in a musical .
one could speculate that scandals such as those 1951 rumours surrounding vinogradov could have pressured the alexandrov ensemble to exercise particular discretion regarding publicity of their valuable star turns .
some botanists speculate that the thermal activity in yellowstone has made it possible for a sand verbena to survive the harsh winters here and slowly evolve into a species that is adapted to this climate .
with pioneer settlement within ohio made legal and safe from indian raids , developers began to speculate in land sales in earnest .
knutson moved to utah a decade prior to the olympics , and started a firm called tko to speculate on land .
the conference was scheduled during the republican state committee of pennsylvania meeting in erie , leading commentators to speculate that it was intended to drain support from eventual republican nominee for pennsylvania governor barbara hafer because of her pro - choice stance .
when the film was followed by " the air up there " , they began to speculate on how many movies bacon had been in and the number of people he had worked with .
some historians speculate that the latter opinion is proved to be correct by the records of the congregation itself .
although sources such as pegram speculate that constantia committed suicide in the face of a continued relationship between hare and the duchess of somerset , little is known about her life and the circumstances of her early death , and her ghost reputedly haunts the castle .
by the latter part iof the decade " buying on margin " entered the american vocabulary as more and more americans over - extended themselves to speculate on the soaring stock market and expanding credit .
while the antonine plague that swept through the roman empire in 165–180 ad may have been caused by smallpox , other historians speculate that arab armies first carried smallpox out of africa to southwestern europe during the 7th and 8th centuries ad .
the canton morning news put a $ 20,000 price tag on the massillon tigers 1906 team , while many speculate that the bulldogs probably cost even more .
it certainly looks like a waste of time to speculate about an object which is clearly recognized as inconceivable "
in the first quarter of 2007 , warner raised only $ 500 , which led some to speculate that the 80 year - old senator might not seek reelection in 2008 .
the context appears to have been an egypt hit by catastrophe , seemingly abandoned by the old gods : a series of pandemics is known to have occurred throughout the near east of this period , and some speculate that it could coincide with the eruption of the volcano of thera , which would have covered much of egypt in a layer of destructive ash , killing crops and livestock .
local historians speculate that slaves owned by gaines worked as skilled craftsmen to build the 17 room house , two and a half story main house .
nasa scientists speculate that macaulayite may be what gives the planet its red colour .
some speculate that " closure " is actually about her attempted suicide in 2004 .
one can only speculate whether , deshastha had kept hinduism ( sanatana dharma ) going during this period or converted from buddhism after the decline of that religion in india .
historians can only speculate on cornstalk ’s early years .
the detection of organic molecules in comets has led some to speculate that comets or meteorites may have brought the precursors of life — or even life itself — to earth .
they do not gamble or speculate on long - odds stocks .
in the 19th century a legend began which accuses him of having used his early knowledge of victory at the battle of waterloo to speculate on the stock exchange and make a vast fortune .
in an opinion poll done for november , two months after the election , all parties continued to decrease , leading many to speculate that the red - green coalition is " slipping " .
