he stated that he had never " written a spherical song " , and agreed with morris ' assertion that he might have a few more genes than normal people .
though the earliest evidence of a spherical earth comes from ancient greek sources , there is no account of how the sphericity of the earth was discovered .
the character is instantly recognisable by his spherical head ( styled like an early max fleischer cartoon ) - this was initially made from papier - mâché , but later rebuilt out of fibreglass .
while some claim that the basic shape was based on a submarine , the design has most often been described as a ' gun in space ' due to the elongated form resembling the pulse rifles used in the movie - with syd mead agreeing that ( in addition to cameron 's preferences ) this was one of the reasons for the switch from the spherical form .
" the bungee " : the bungee consists of a spherical steel cage containing two seats , fixed to the end of bungee ropes attached to the towers sitting at either side of the ride .
in astronomy , the spherical triangle formed by the zenith , the celestial north pole and the sun is called the " astronomical triangle " .
the baltoceratidae and orthoceratidae both have a spherical apex that lacks a cicatrix , and similar , two - layered thin connecting rings which clearly places the baltoceratidae in the orthocerida as well .
modern footballs consist of twelve regular pentagonal and twenty regular hexagons , positioned in a condensed icosahedrons spherical geometry .
the yarkovsky effect also competes with radiation pressure whose net effect may cause similar small long - term forces for bodies with albedo variations and/or non - spherical shapes .
these are the coordinates on " m " obtained by introducing the standard spherical coordinate system on the euclidean space " t'p'm " .
the cap of " a. regalis " is broad , and , depending on the stage of its development , can range in shape from spherical to convex to somewhat flattened .
in " the parting of the ways " a dalek is seen with its plunger replaced by a spherical appendage incorporating a three - pincer claw and an extendable cutting torch .
when a surface is illuminated by a light wave , according to diffraction theory , each point on an illuminated surface acts as a source of secondary spherical waves .
the fruit is a ribbed , spherical capsule .
two spherical vessels are used .
however , in spherical geometry and hyperbolic geometry , there are infinitely many different shapes of right isosceles triangles .
they are known for their unusually soft , spherical and stalked tubercules on their upper dorsums .
they are typically spherical in shape .
mongul 's gigantic ship appeared over coast city and released thousands of spherical bombs which detonated simultaneously .
angular momentum is a property of a physical system that is a constant of motion ( is time - independent and well - defined ) in two situations : ( i ) the system experiences a spherical symmetric potential field .
spherical harmonics .
because it is a difficult jutsu , jiraiya teaches it to naruto in three stages : spinning the chakra , giving it sufficient force , and forming the chakra into a spherical shape .
here , formula_3 are the standard spherical harmonics , and formula_4 are constant coefficients which depend on the function .
as computer simulation has shown the probability of finding a target by diffusion decreases rapidly with distance and becomes < 1% when the starting distance exceeds the target 's 10-fold radius , which by assumption of a simple spherical volume would put the target 's concentration on the order of 10 - 3 .
he was also the first to solve the problem concerning refraction of seismic rays in spherical layers .
through a whole series of random strokes the mirror naturally tends to become spherical in shape .
the ensuing conflict escalated into nuclear warfare , and the mu enveloped tokyo and outlying suburbs within a spherical barrier resembling jupiter , referred to as " tokyo jupiter " ( " tōkyō jupita " ) by all those outside .
in order to accomplish the compression , the high explosive system had to be carefully designed as a series of explosive lenses which used alternating fast- and slow - burning explosives to shape the explosive shock wave into the desired spherical shape .
if this field is incident on an aperture in the formula_12-plane with a complex transmittance formula_13 , then the diffracted far - zone field as a function of the far field spherical coordinate system angles formula_14 can be calculated via the huygens - fresnel principle , using the parallel rays approximation ,
there are several telescope designs that take advantage of placing full diameter lens ( commonly called a " corrector plate " ) in front of a spherical primary mirror .
the higher orders correspond to further terms of the multipole expansion of a function on the sphere in terms of spherical harmonics .
the jícama ( ipa [ ˈhiːkəmə ] ) or yam bean ( " p. erosus " ) is a vine widely grown for its large ( 10 - 15 cm diameter and up to 20 kg weight ) , spherical or elongated taproot .
instead , the sperm are produced in spherical structures called " sperm ampullae " .
as with plane waves , a smaller aperture corresponds to a better approximation of a spherical wavefront .
closer approximations range from modelling the shape of the entire earth as an oblate spheroid or an oblate ellipsoid to the use of spherical harmonics or local approximations in terms of local reference ellipsoids .
its features include : many robust spines , spherical shape , and a large , nocturnal flower , with sharply pointed lavender petals , and a fine faint scent .
where ( " r " , θ , φ ) correspond to a spherical coordinate system .
as a function on " g " , φλ is the matrix coefficient of the spherical principal series defined on l2(r ) , where r is identified with the boundary of formula_50 .
the characters χλ of formula_1 ( i.e. the points of " x " ) can be described by positive definite spherical functions φλ on " g " , via the formula
like the scalar spherical harmonics , the vsh satisfy
a starseed is typically spherical , but when it needs to change direction it unfolds itself into a large squarish solar sail with the four corners connected via strands to a small knob .
when the mass density of this central body exceeds a particular limit , it triggers a gravitational collapse which , if it occurs with spherical symmetry , produces what is known as a schwarzschild black hole .
each atom , re - radiates a small portion of an incoming beam 's intensity as a spherical wave .
the spherical harmonics turn out to be critical to practical solutions of laplace 's equation .
in spherical tilings .
this is the fresnel diffraction integral ; it means that , if the fresnel approximation is valid , the propagating field is a spherical wave , originating at the aperture and moving along " z " .
because of the molecule 's spherical shape the carbon atoms are highly pyramidalized , which has far - reaching consequences for reactivity .
when he again regains consciousness he finds himself in a metallic spherical spacecraft " en route " to malacandra .
due to the presence of large spherical cells which can be seen under the microscope , an important characteristic to distinguish the russulaceae from other types of mushrooms is the consistency of the stipe .
in einstein 's theory of general relativity , the schwarzschild solution ( or the schwarzschild vacuum ) describes the gravitational field outside a spherical , non - rotating mass such as a ( non - rotating ) star , planet , or black hole .
in mathematics , students takes up elementary mathematics , elementary and intermediate algebra , plane and solid geometry , and probability and statistics during freshman . linear algebra , analytic geometry , plane and spherical trigonometry , and statistics in research were taken during sophomore .
in the mathematical description of atmospheric waves , spherical harmonics are used .
the star is located in a spherical halo around the milky way , and is a nova variable , erupting every 10 - 15 years .
a cob is roughly spherical to oval , about 15–25 mm long and 10–15 mm in diameter , with an outer fibrous husk surrounding a smooth shell .
in " w. americana " , the ectal excipulum ( the layer of tissue making the outer surface of the apothecia ) is 125 µm thick , and composed of dark angular to roughly spherical cells that are 40–70 µm in diameter .
as an example of " dot connecting " he sought to relate the 120 basic disequilibrium lcd triangles of the spherical icosahedron to the plane net of his a module .
due to their high surface tension water droplets tend to minimize their surface trying to achieve a spherical shape .
linear - implosion uses a mass of nuclear material which is more than one critical mass at normal pressure and in a spherical configuration .
it has been calculated that , under general relativity , a person could travel forward in time at a rate four times that of distant observers by residing inside a spherical shell with a diameter of 5 meters and the mass of jupiter .
however , almost all species of shelled mollusks are capable of producing pearls ( formerly referred to as " calcareous concretions " by some sources ) of lesser shine or less spherical shape .
even though this result is expressed in terms of a particular spherical coordinates with a given origin , translations changing the origin do not affect spatial infinity .
pythagoras in the 6th century bc , apparently on aesthetic grounds , held that all the celestial bodies were spherical .
in the static polar spherical chart , this frame can be written
example : spherical coordinates .
for example , to predict the first visibility of the moon , it was necessary to describe its motion with respect to the horizon , and this problem demands fairly sophisticated spherical geometry .
this result can be used to constrain the maximum degree of anisotropy of spherical galaxy models .
it also contains the nearly spherical planetary nebula abell 39 .
they range from spherical forms , such as " megasphaera " and " veillonella " , to curved rods , as typified by the selenomonads .
the weepul ( also known as a weeple , wuppie , or wuppet ) is a small , spherical , fluffy toy , with large , plastic googly eyes , and no limbs .
the large spherical boulders in rock city are giant calcite - cemented concretions , typically called " cannonball concretions " because of their shape .
vega 1 arrived at venus on june 11 , 1985 and vega 2 on june 15 , 1985 , and each delivered a 1,500 kg , 240 cm diameter spherical descent unit .
however , when approached by people , it has a habit of reverting to a spherical form that obscures its eyes , mouth , and hands .
isaac newton knew about the properties of parabolic mirrors but chose a spherical shape for his newtonian telescope mirror to simplify construction .
the larger objects in the mass range between 1018 kg to 1021 kg ( 1 to 1000 zettagrams ( zg ) ) such as tethys , ceres , and mimas , have relaxed to an equilibrium oblate spheroid due to their gravity , while the less massive rubble piles ( e. g. amalthea and janus ) are roughly rounded , but not spherical , dubbed " irregular " .
the flowers of " monodora myristica " look very much like those of an orchid ( hence the common name of ' african orchid nutmeg ' ) , and the fruit is a nearly spherical drupe about the same size as an orange .
spherical measure is often normalized so that it is a probability measure on the sphere , i.e. so that " σ'n"(s"n " ) = 1 .
it consists of five books on plane and spherical trigonometry .
a spherical resonator will be affected by the amount of opening it has and by whether or not that opening has a lip .
this is opposed to the point source which radiates in a spherical waveform which equates to a 6 dbspl drop .
female flowers yield pale pink spherical or oval berries each 3 or 4 millimeters wide .
assuming the universe is isotropic , the distance to the edge of the observable universe is roughly the same in every direction — that is , the observable universe is a spherical volume ( a ball ) centered on the observer , regardless of the shape of the universe as a whole .
such components are the spherical octahedron , vesica piscis , tripod of life , and tree of life .
as with spherical aberration , coma can be minimised ( and in some cases eliminated ) by choosing the curvature of the two lens surfaces to match the application .
spores are roughly spherical , 3.5–5.5 µm in diameter , with fine warts and a pedicel that is 0.5–15 µm long .
in geometric topology , the spherical space form conjecture states that a finite group acting on the 3-sphere is conjugate to a group of isometries of the 3-sphere acting by left translation .
cone , spherical cap , hemisphere .
their territory has a spherical shape with a small tail shape extension heading to the delta quadrant .
the second type of mask , associated with the komo society , has a spherical head with two antelope horns on the top and an enlarged , flattened mouth .
unfortunately , as soon as cyclotron resonance became available and the shape of the balloon could be determined , it was found that the assumption that the balloon was spherical did not hold at all , except perhaps in the case of caesium .
they designed a diving set with a backpack spherical air tank that supplied air through the first known demand regulator .
they are roughly spherical amoeboids with many stiff , microtubule - supported projections called axopods radiating outward from the cell surface .
a particularly widespread example are lipid droplets , which are spherical droplets composed of lipids and proteins that are used in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes as a way of storing lipids such as fatty acids and sterols .
a spherical surface like that of the earth provides a simple example .
one such area of replenishment is the oort cloud ; the spherical swarm of comets extending beyond 50 000 au from the sun first hypothesised by astronomer jan oort in 1950 .
plane parallel and spherical atmospheres .
it is also possible to remove one piece , turning the puzzle into a spherical version of the 15 puzzle .
various types of ammunition could used for different purposes : plain spherical shot of stone or iron smashed hulls , spiked bar shot and shot linked with chains would tear sails or damage rigging , and canister shot packed with sharp flints produced a devastating shotgun effect .
a quartz geode is such a situation where the void is approximately spherical in shape , lined with a bed of crystals pointing inward .
that is , a uniformly - illuminated circular aperture that passes a converging uniform spherical wave yields an airy function image at the focal plane .
in 1948 , gerard kuiper at the mcdonald observatory discovered the smallest and the last of the five large , spherical moons , miranda .
bath bombs are generally spherical but can be found in a variety of shapes , such as tablets or lumps . shops offer a wide range of bombs , but they can also be made at home .
floats are made in many different shapes , with spheres and spherical ellipses being the most common .
" given any x and any y , if all the molecules in y are perfectly elastic and spherical , possess equal masses and volumes , have negligible size , and exert no forces on one another except during collisions , then if x is a gas and y is a given mass of x which is trapped in a vessel of variable size and the temperature of y is kept constant , then any decrease of the volume of y increases the pressure of y proportionally , and vice versa . "
depending on the species the fugu can achieve an almost perfect spherical shape .
the qualifying feature of dwarf planets is that they must " have sufficient mass for their self - gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that they assume a hydrostatic equilibrium ( near - spherical shape ) . "
instead , newton preferred to imagine non - spherical particles , or " corpuscles " , of light with different " sides " that give rise to birefringence .
a spherical break of colored stars that burn without a tail effect .
then li chunfeng ( 李淳風 ) of the tang dynasty created one in 633 ad with three spherical layers to calibrate multiple aspects of astronomical observations , calling them ' nests ' ( chhung ) .
80% of planetary nebulae do not have a spherical shape ; instead forming bipolar or elliptical nebulae .
small specimens of " c. fluminalis " are almost spherical , while those of " c. fluminea " are decidedly flattened .
spherical roller bearings .
each parenchymatous cell is iso - diametric , spherical , or oval in shape .
like most liquids , molten lead becomes spherical as it falls .
fast - burning pistol powders are made by extruding shapes with more area such as flakes or by flattening the spherical granules .
it is also common to refer to any " mean radius " of a spherical model as " the radius of the earth " .
because the earth is approximately spherical ( see earth radius ) , the equations for great - circle distance are important for finding the shortest distance between points on the surface of the earth ( " as the crow flies " ) , and so have important applications in navigation .
for example the coordinate surfaces of the " r " coordinate of the spherical coordinate system on euclidean space are the spheres , given in cartesian coordinates by
its flowers are white and pink , while the fruit can be either an elongated oval shape , or a round spherical shape , both having an orange color .
it reached the frame nearly at the dashboard with a spherical rubber bearing .
this isometry property of the fourier transformation is a recurring theme in abstract harmonic analysis , as evidenced for instance by the plancherel theorem for spherical functions occurring in noncommutative harmonic analysis .
early descriptions of the character 's gadgets focused on low - tech , improvised tools and munitions , such as flare guns , swing lines , throwing stars , small spherical explosives with wick fuses ( mimicking those stereotypically associated with 19th - century anarchists ) , gas - bombs , smoke bombs , and his primary weapon , a powerful electric stun baton .
this can either be a complete sphere or a spherical section forebody with a converging conical afterbody .
instead , being nearly spherical , a range of values from 6,357 km to 6,378 km ( ≈3,950 – 3,963 mi ) spans all proposed radii according to need , and several different ways of modeling the earth as a sphere all yield a convenient mean radius of 6371 km ( ≈3,959 mi ) .
this was followed in 1809 by a trigonometry ( plane and spherical ) , and in 1810 by a historical treatise on the calculus of variations and isoperimetrical problems .
two practical applications of the principles of spherical geometry are to navigation and astronomy .
a spherical washer is a washer with one radiused surface , which is designed to be used in conjunction with a mating nut in order to correct for up to several degrees of misalignment between parts .
also , any two similar spherical triangles are congruent .
by verifying directly that the spherical transform satisfies the given growth conditions and then using the relation formula_82 .
a notable example is the 5% abv brand , with its distinctive spherical glasses ( called ' bollekes ' ) .
the most common implementation is to outfit a traditional milling machine with the spherical tool used in the isf process .
the second cosmological model , associated with the hun tian school , saw the heavens as a celestial sphere not unlike the spherical models developed in the greek and hellenistic traditions .
in the four spherical triangles of the golden mitre , rudolf is depicted in his four principal offices and titles : as victor over the turks ( " imperator " ) , his coronation as holy roman emperor in regensburg ( " augustus " ) , his ride up the coronation hill after his coronation as king of hungary in bratislava , slovakia , and his procession at his coronation as king of bohemia in prague .
he proposed spherical charts and mentioned magnetic deviation and the existence of magnetic poles .
the novel feature of the coupling is the method to geometrically constrain the pair of cardan joints within the assembly by using , for example , a spherical four bar scissors linkage and it is the first coupling to have this combination of properties .
the fresnel lens reduces the amount of material required compared to a conventional spherical lens by breaking the lens into a set of concentric annular sections known as " fresnel zones " , which are theoretically limitless .
included among the dresden plant 's reactors is the first commercial nuclear reactor , housed in a spherical concrete and steel shell ; it has since been decommissioned , and two more modern reactors ( of 1970s vintage ) now generate its electricity .
smaller drops are called cloud droplets , and their shape is spherical .
in 1981 , spherical objects recorded their last lp , " no man 's land " .
this boat is slightly different from the international fj in that it does not use trapeze and it has a smaller , non - spherical spinnaker .
surfactant - aided prolonged settling is typically achieved in one of two ways : by addition of surfactants , and by addition of spherical ferromagnetic nanoparticles .
more generally , the plancherel theorem for sl(2,r ) of harish chandra and gelfand – naimark can be deduced from weyl 's theory for the hypergeometric equation , as can the theory of spherical functions for the isometry groups of higher dimensional hyperbolic spaces .
a spherical mirror creates a constant image independent of the position of the sun .
the inside surfaces of the arms and tentacles are lined with hundreds of sub - spherical suction cups , in diameter , each mounted on a stalk .
for the special case of small spherical objects moving slowly through a viscous fluid ( and thus at small reynolds number ) , george gabriel stokes derived an expression for the drag constant ,
he is best known for providing the first exact solution to the einstein field equations of general relativity , for the limited case of a single spherical non - rotating mass , which he accomplished in 1915 , the same year that einstein first introduced general relativity .
this means that a regular ( spherical ) rigid contact lens can provide good level of vision in people who have astigmatism or distorted corneal shapes as with keratoconus .
then , on the continuing journey south , the females “ mature and spawn 300 to 4,000 small , elliptical or semi - spherical eggs . ”
the most common shapes for the density distribution of protons and neutrons in an atomic nucleus are spherical , prolate and oblate spheroidal .
other achievements of medieval muslim mathematicians included the development of spherical trigonometry , the discovery of all the trigonometric functions besides sine , al - kindi 's introduction of cryptanalysis and frequency analysis , al - karaji 's introduction of algebraic calculus and proof by mathematical induction , the development of analytic geometry and the earliest general formula for infinitesimal and integral calculus by ibn al - haytham , the beginning of algebraic geometry by omar khayyam , the first refutations of euclidean geometry and the parallel postulate by nasīr al - dīn al - tūsī and the first attempt at a non - euclidean geometry by sadr al - din , and the development of symbolic algebra by abū al - hasan ibn alī al - qalasādī .
spherical section .
the designs on the pottery are predominantly globe - like and spherical .
after anaximenes , pythagoras , xenophanes and parmenides all held that the universe was spherical .
a spherical fullerene of " n " carbon atoms has " n " pi - bonding electrons .
the ball shape is spherical and the size can be as big as a standard soccer / football which is size 5 or as small as size 3 used in team handball or field handball .
in december 1942 , full - scale test drops of the spherical design began at chesil beach using a modified vickers wellington .
qb140 - 237 practical and spherical astronomy ( dewey 522 ) , ( observatories dewey 522 ) , qb468 - 480 non - optical methods of astronomy
spherical building .
nga has announced the availability of egm2008 , complete to spherical harmonic degree and order 2159 , and contains additional coefficients extending to degree 2190 and order 2159 .
the nest , built by the female at the tip of a high tree branch 8 - 50 ft ( 2.5 - 15 m ) up , is a spherical structure of plant material with a low entrance , which for protection is often built near a wasp nest .
by taking the derivative of the optical path length , the stationary point is found giving the path taken by the light ( though it should be noted that the result does not show light taking the least time path , but rather one that is stationary with respect to small variations as there are cases where light actually takes the greatest time path , as in a spherical mirror ) .
galileo argued that stars were suns , and that they were not arranged in a spherical shell surrounding the solar system but rather were at varying distances from earth .
its leaves are virtually indistinguishable from narrow - leaved forms of " b. laevigata " ( tennis ball banksia ) , and like that species it has condensed , roughly spherical inflorescences , and slender styles .
hodgdon began marketing post - war production as spherical bl - c lot no .
this conical geometry is used as it gives a larger contact patch , which permits greater loads to be carried than with spherical ( ball ) bearings , while the geometry means that the tangential speeds of the surfaces of each of the rollers are the same as their raceways along the whole length of the contact patch and no differential scrubbing occurs .
where the coordinates formula_3 are standard spherical coordinate system , and " r 's " is the schwarzschild radius
pottery of this period were made in shapes like hemi - spherical deep bowl , funnel shaped lid , shallow dish and three - legged pots among others .
much smaller spherical tanks , located in the gaps below the rounded end of the lox tanks , held the jp-4 used to feed the jet engines .
it contains also , as its title ( the composition of the world ) suggests , geological theories : these covered the internal structure of a spherical shell earth , fossils , and erosion , amongst others .
the quaffle is spherical in shape ( although it is shown with four large dimples in the films , appearing more as a tetrahedron ) , bright red in colour , and approximately in diameter .
to predict the first visibility of the moon , it was necessary to describe its motion with respect to the horizon , and this problem demands fairly sophisticated spherical geometry .
spherical cavity .
skittles is usually played indoors on a bowling alley , with one or more heavy balls , usually spherical but sometimes oblate , and several ( most commonly nine ) , small bowling pins .
there are both plane parallel and spherical versions as well as those using opacity sampling or opacity distribution functions .
the head is now spherical and well - developed .
in particular , it occurs when solving laplace 's equation ( and related partial differential equations ) in spherical coordinates .
the disadvantage is that , if all spherical surfaces are used , such systems have to have focal ratios above to avoid aberrations .
spherical astronomy or positional astronomy is the branch of astronomy that is used to determine the location of objects on the celestial sphere , as seen at a particular date , time , and location on the earth .
a bullet crossbow is a type of handheld crossbow which rather than arrows or bolts shoots spherical projectiles made of stone , clay or lead .
one of the most well - known of these oak gall wasps is the common oak gall wasp ( " cynips quercusfolii " ) , which induces characteristic two - centimeter in diameter , spherical galls on the underside of oak leaves .
energy can be captured from the wind by kites , kytoons , tethered gliders , tethered sailplanes , aerostats ( spherical as well as shaped kytoons ) , bladed turbines , airfoils , airfoil matrices , balloons , parachutes , drogues , variable drogues , spiral airfoils , darrieus turbines , magnus - effect vawt blimps , multiple - rotor complexes , fabric jalbert - parafoil kites , uni - blade turbines , flipwings , tethers , bridles , string loops , wafting blades , undulating forms , piezoelectric materials , and more .
circular and spherical inclusions .
due to the small size of the particles , the particles motion is dominated by stokes drag and settling or rising affects . approximating the particles as spherical particles of very low reynolds number ,
since actual hundred - sided dice are large , almost spherical , and difficult to read , percentile rolls are usually handled by rolling two ten - sided dice together , using one as the " tens " and the other as the " units " .
the double headed meteor hammer is typically 2–3 meters in length ( traditionally two ) with a spherical head on each end .
the reason is that spherical shots are more resistant to the fracture which happens due to the striking impact .
a scalar field has spherical symmetry if it depends on the distance to the origin only , such as the potential of a central force .
the tree , which grows to a height of 20 m , is distinguished by its very dense spherical crown and pubescent leaves .
the dihedral angle corresponds to an exterior spherical angle ( figure 1 ) , which is a well - defined , signed quantity .
there is yet another approach , due to mogens flensted - jensen , which derives the properties of the zonal spherical functions on sl(2,r ) ,
this article deals primarily with spherical and ellipsoidal models of the earth .
the problem was that the shell had to fall a particular way and with spherical shells this could not be guaranteed .
the lipid nature of the cell membrane was first correctly intuited by quincke , who noted that a cell generally forms a spherical shape in water and , when broken in half , forms two smaller spheres .
the equation reduces to a spherical bessel differential equation when " n " = 1 which gives a sinc function .
the ball is spherical , hard and made of plastic ( sometimes over a cork core ) and is often covered with indentations to reduce hydroplaning that can cause an inconsistent ball speed on wet surfaces .
an oblique spherical hypercone would be a sphere which expands with time , again starting its expansion from a point source , but such that the center of the expanding sphere moves with a uniform velocity .
planetary orbit , celestial sphere , ascension , declination , directions and shadows , spherical triangles , ellipses and parallax correction .
in this case , after the non - observation of the alpha ray on the inner shell , one is led to conclude that the ( originally spherical ) wave function has " collapsed " to a hemisphere shape , and ( because the outer shell is distant ) is still in the process of propagating to the outer shell , where it is guaranteed to eventually be detected .
the front lens is well corrected for spherical aberrations but introduces coma .
the gate church of the trinity is divided into three naves , each of which contain spherical apses off their western side .
spherical hankel functions : " h " " n " .
philolaus ( 4th century bc ) was also one of the first to hypothesize movement of the earth , probably inspired by pythagoras ' theories about a spherical globe .
there are limitations to spherical mapping that detract from their realism .
on the other hand spherical nebulae are likely produced by the old stars similar to the sun .
in mathematics , the plancherel theorem for spherical functions is an important result in the representation theory of semisimple lie groups , due in its final form to harish - chandra .
the configuration was however considered prone to accidental high - yield detonation when the explosive gets accidentally initiated , unlike a spherical implosion assembly where asymmetric implosion just scatters the pit around .
the plant is characterised by its spherical pollen grains , which are typical in the compositae family , a fibrous layer on anthers , lignified , elongated , hypodermal sclerids , and clusters of calcium oxalate crystals .
manufactured in japan , they are small , spherical gel pellets that , as they melt in your mouth , secrete a flavoured liquid .
of particular importance is his classification of all irreducible buildings of spherical type and rank at least three , which involved classifying all polar spaces of rank at least three .
whether cane - like ( with many joints ) or spherical ( with one or few joints ) , they are all produced from a long lived creeping stem called a rhizome which may itself be climbing or pendulous .
in cosmological models ( geometric 3-manifolds ) , a compact space is either a spherical geometry , or has infinite fundamental group ( and thus is called " multiply connected " , or more strictly non - simply connected ) , by general results on geometric 3-manifolds .
micrococci have gram - positive spherical cells ranging from about 0.5 to 3 micrometers in diameter and are typically appear in tetrads .
the lebedev grid is often employed in the numerical evaluation of volume integrals in the spherical coordinate system , where it is combined with a one - dimensional integration scheme for the radial coordinate .
when spherical harmonics is used to approximate the light transport function , only low frequency effect can be handled with a reasonable number of parameters .
the single seed is spherical with homogeneous endosperm and a subbasal embryo .
the small white - to - pinkish flowers occur in large , compact , spherical heads .
in 1930 he invented the schmidt telescope which corrected for the optical errors of spherical aberration , coma , and astigmatism , making possible for the first time the construction of very large , wide - angled reflective cameras of short exposure time for astronomical research .
the virions each have an isometric ( and therefore spherical ) nucleocapsid with a diameter of either 18 - 22 nm or 20 - 26 nm .
like the kerr metric , the myers - perry metric has spherical horizon topology .
other shapes besides a sphere have constants larger than 3/2 ( infinite cylinders take 2 ) , although some tanks , such as non - spherical wound composite tanks can approach this .
spherical symmetry is a characteristic feature of many solutions of einstein 's field equations of general relativity , especially the schwarzschild solution .
they mimic the extremely strong repulsion that atoms and spherical molecules experience at very close distances .
for practical use , the distinction between formula_3 and formula_9 only makes a difference for spherical objects that are relatively close .
a mid-20th century innovation was catadioptric telescopes such as the schmidt camera , which uses both a lens ( corrector plate ) and mirror as primary optical elements , mainly used for wide field imaging without spherical aberration .
lota ( , ) is an urdu and hindi word for a small , usually spherical water vessel of brass or copper or plastic used in parts of south asia
are the spherical harmonics ( abramowitz and stegun , 1964 ) .
there are several ways to define spherical measure .
the salpinx consisted of a straight , narrow bronze tube with a mouthpiece of bone and a bell ( also constructed of bronze ) of variable shape and size ; extant descriptions describe conical , bulb - like , and spherical structures .
one to four strings pass down a long , un - fretted neck and over a small , spherical , wooden body covered with skin ( sheep hide or fish skin ) .
angular momentum algebra can often by simplified by recasting it in the spherical basis .
this is backed up by the absence of clay - sized particles , and the rounded , spherical shape of quartz grains .
therefore , the observable universe appears from our perspective to be spherical .
it only involves representations from the spherical principal series and can be treated directly , because in radial coordinates
because of their low mass , comet nuclei do not become spherical under their own gravity , and thus have irregular shapes .
the iau 's definition mandates that planets be large enough for their own gravity to form them into a state of hydrostatic equilibrium ; this means that they will reach a shape that is , if not spherical , then spheroidal .
because sylvia is far from spherical , these values may vary by a little more than 10% , depending on where the observer is on sylvia 's surface .
since the static polar spherical coordinates have a coordinate singularity at the horizon , we 'll need to switch to a more appropriate coordinate chart .
seen face on , this lighted spherical lune produces the familiar crescent shape of the moon seen from earth , the intersection of a semicircle and semi - ellipse ( with the major axis of the ellipse coinciding with the diameter of the circle ) , as illustrated in the figure on the left .
he is best known for his work on the theory of equations , algebraic analysis , plain and spherical trigonometry , analytical geometry , and differential calculus .
for example , a spherical air bubble rising in water has a mass of formula_11 but an added mass of formula_12 .
schemes to reduce spherical aberration without introducing coma include schmidt , maksutov and ritchey - chrétien optical systems .
ptolemy revolutionized the depiction of the spherical earth on a map by using perspective projection , and suggested precise methods for fixing the position of geographic features on its surface using a coordinate system with parallels of latitude and meridians of longitude .
this shadow obeys the inverse square law , because the imbalance of momentum flow over an entire spherical surface enclosing the object is independent of the size of the enclosing sphere , whereas the surface area of the sphere increases in proportion to the square of the radius .
steel shot refers to spherical grains made of molten steel through an atomization ( " granulation " ) process , available in different sizes and hardnesses .
armstrong adjustable dampers and fully adjustable spherical bearings throughout .
in geometry , a spherical cap is a portion of a sphere cut off by a plane .
the inflorescence bears one or two nodding flowers , spherical in shape with their petal tips touching .
as proved , the representations of the spherical principal series are irreducible and two representations πλ and
the majority of the arboviruses are spherical in shape although a few are rod shaped .
it was resolved with an apparent diameter of 0.20 arcseconds ( 4.5 pixels in the planetary camera ) and its shape was found to be nearly spherical .
the cells are small , spherical , and can occur in short chains , in pairs or individually . " peptostreptococcus " are slow - growing bacteria with increasing resistance to antimicrobial drugs .
the spherical rotary valve combustion engine possesses several significant advantages over the conventional poppet valve assembly , including significantly higher compression ratios .
occasionally spherulites have zones of different colors , and while most frequently spherical , they may also be polygonal or irregular in outline .
it is one of the oldest spherical gasholders still preserved .
instead the system was constructed as two similar spherical electrodes , one inside the other , all inside a larger container filled with a dilute fuel gas .
in differential geometry , the spherical image of a unit - speed curve is given by taking the curve 's tangent vectors as points , all of which must lie on the unit sphere .
