cancer cells can break away , leak , or spill from a primary tumor , enter lymphatic and blood vessels , circulate through the bloodstream , and be deposited within normal tissue elsewhere in the body .
they performed bendiksen 's song " å for et spill " at the melodi grand prix in oslo on 17 february 1973 , and were voted the winners , earning the norwegian ticket to the 18th eurovision song contest , held in luxembourg city on 7 april .
the latest revisions to the ncp were finalized in 1994 to reflect the oil spill provisions of the oil pollution act of 1990 .
if there are more checksums than can fit , they spill rightwards over into another checksum item in a new leaf .
because of the remote location of the cleanup sites of the " exxon valdez " oil spill , there was a desperate need for floating facilities to house shoreline cleanup workers .
daniel spill .
most birds affected by an oil spill die unless there is human intervention .
cng fuel systems are sealed , which prevents any spill or evaporation losses .
at a critical value , this diaphragm causes another spill valve to open and bleed away the fuel flow .
she was a member of freaked out flower children , a band which released an album " love in " ( 1990 ) that included the single spill the wine which reached # 31 on the australian single charts .
when investigators located the source of the spill they found as much as three tons of solidified sodium .
the 2009 lüderitz oil spill began in april 2009 off the coast of lüderitz , namibia .
bobby , loor and aja convince him to spill the code , which turns out to be " zero .
one may 7 , 2006 , the crew of the " cape dundas " was credited with discovering a large spill of toxic oil from general chemicals of amherstburg .
neither of them notice that the bait bucket has overturned , causing the worms to spill onto the floor of the boat ; as roger tries to force himself on geri , the worms begin to attack and bite him .
the al jubayl community harbor and abu ali island , which juts into the gulf immediately north of al jubayl , experienced the greatest pollution , with the main effect of the spill concentrated in mangrove areas and shrimp grounds .
the santa barbara oil spill occurred in 1969 in the santa barbara channel .
a popular legend in schoharie county is that murphy once fell down vroman 's nose with two pitchers of milk but did not spill one drop .
five weeks later , a spill of contaminated waters ( this time with heavy metals ) hit the region .
at davis polk , fiske 's clients have included the national football league in an antitrust suit brought by the united states football league ; clark clifford and robert a. altman in investigations of their roles in the bcci matter ; exxon in new york and new jersey investigations of the arthur kill oil spill ; a. alfred taubman of sotheby 's on charges of conspiring to violate antitrust laws by engaging in price - fixing with rival christie 's ; and sanjay kumar of computer associates international , inc. on charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice .
by comparison , the infamous " exxon valdez " spill ten years later only saw 37,000 metric tonnes of oil released .
the river eroded the embankment in about 2 kilometers reach but just after eroding , it receded very fast and did not spill on to the countryside .
deianeira warns that the hind is sacred and to spill a drop of its blood is an offense punishable by the gods , but hercules tells her to trust him .
at 1,255 feet , the lake would spill into the outflow channel on its northeastern shore , known properly as temescal wash , flowing northwest along i-15 , which feeds temescal creek , which dumps into the santa ana river just northwest of the city of corona .
in january 2009 carper briefly chaired a senate committee on environment and public works hearing on the tennessee valley authority 's coal ash spill in kingston , tennessee .
if she were to move , the plate would spill on her face .
one apparent downside to the " carb " , however is that water tends to spill when the hurricane is mishandled , or tilted forward too much .
the purpose of that cockfight is to spill blood .
spill metric .
instead , one should either be brave enough to remove the bridle or spill its blood , or else just lay face down on the ground , covering teeth and nails ( as well as anything that shines ) and the mule will hopefully fail to notice the stranger 's presence and trot away ( because it does not have good sight ) .
amidst the other toys being rattled and moved telekinetically , all the marbles spill from their bag and arrange themselves into words on the tabletop .
the two surviving groups were very vulnerable to a disaster such as an oil spill , or accidental introducing of predators such as rats or mink .
he joined the faculty of art education in 1978 and was a frequent superiority of his class , where there are talent to use tools for drawing and painting different color , and excellence in sculpture , ceramics , weaving , printing , design , metal , artwork , carpentry , to confirm the multiplicity and complexity of potential talent , and be the top of his class by a general appreciation excellent with honors , graduated in 1982 to appoint a lecturer , department of design , one of the most important sections distinct , he received a master 's degree in 1987 with the theme : " design of a formal vocabulary of the story as pathetic to the imagination of a pre - school child , " went on a mission to germany to obtain the degree of doctor of philosophy to meet one of the most prominent german artists , professor edgar knoop ( professor of experimentation and application of theories of color ) to spill from his abundant and magnificent art , insider cruised abdul rahman of contemporary art in germany , studied art of light and color theories , and established in germany sixteen special exhibition in the halls supply and the various german museums , most notably the exhibition , hosted in the city of cologne representative to the contemporary egyptian art on the occasion of the egyptian cultural week , and the presence of president mohamed hosni mubarak , as well as exhibition - faculty of fine arts in munich , museum and exhibition " uffing " in the presence of the mayor , and has completed his research for his doctorate entitled " the entrances to benefit from the pilot ancient egyptian art in the design of decorative painting in light of the experiences of modern decorative art ( art deco ) " , written about dozens of articles and news of exhibitions , which covered aspects of analytical work .
during that tour , they played with the likes of at the drive - in , pearl jam , the black halos and built to spill .
provinces are generally made up of dioceses that exist ( a ) within a country 's borders or ( b ) within a clearly defined ethno - linguistic group that may spill across international boundaries .
classes were also cancelled in the spring of 2000 due to a hazardous chemical spill on the train tracks found at the end of " greek row . "
due to double spill - over , this makes more sense for a large dish .
recent spill over from downtown has helped revitalize the eastern edge with a hampton inn and plans for redevelopment of the boyd printing plant .
spill - forward feature .
this rupture allows blood to spill into the pleural space , equalizing the pressures between it and the lungs .
following the " exxon valdez " spill , the united states passed the oil pollution act of 1990 ( opa-90 ) , which included a stipulation that all tankers entering its waters be double - hulled by 2015 .
in addition to sports news , the network also shows some live sports action , serving as a spill - over station of sorts for rds .
exxon valdez oil spill .
an oil tanker spill in 1978 further damaged the oyster industry , which continued to suffer until 1981 .
their first release was a self funded single featuring hand stamped artwork containing three songs ' stars spill out of cups ' , ' god
the flight indicated an overall damage smaller than expected , and reported a lack of oil spill or hazardous material leak .
of particular importance is ensuring no water pollution occurs from a spill or a breach of security from the access of unauthorized personnel .
the firms were caught allowing polluted waste water to spill into nearby rice fields .
beaker is particularly commonly used to describe a lidded cup designed for toddlers or small children , with a no - spill mouthpiece incorporated into the lid .
" pancake mountain " is a children 's television show based in washington , d.c. created by filmmaker scott stuckey , ( of the famous stuckey 's family ) it is notable for featuring many indie rock bands , such as tegan and sara , bright eyes , deerhoof , ted leo and the pharmacists , shonen knife , weird war , the fiery furnaces , thievery corporation , arcade fire , built to spill , the white stripes , jenny lewis and metric .
smoke testing in plumbing is used to find places where pipes will spill fluid .
in two of the books in which he appears — " the mysterious affair at styles " and " the abc murders " — hastings plays a prominent role in the resolution of the mystery , with a casual observation he makes at one point in the novel leading poirot to realise the guilty party : by mentioning that poirot had to straighten some spill holders and ornaments in " styles , " he prompts poirot to realise that someone had moved them , and when he suggests that an incorrectly addressed letter revealing the latest crime in " the abc murders " was addressed that way on purpose , poirot realises that the letter had indeed been wrongly addressed deliberately so that it would not be received until after the murderer had committed his crime , revealing that the murderer had attached greater importance to that murder , and wanted to be certain that it was committed .
inferences can be made that the cup represents the person , and if it is full of something ( or set upside down , indicating it is closed ) - will , drive , ambition - then pouring more into it will just cause that poured liquid ( metaphor for the will of the gods ) to spill out .
this process also eliminated the problem of " blue spill " , which is the main disadvantage of blue - screen photography .
the falls between river and mountain’. the term was used to describe the great falls of the passaic river , which spill over a notch in the ridge of first watchung mountain .
hundreds of oiled birds were recovered in the weeks following the spill and large numbers of dead lobsters , surf clams and sea stars were found on area beaches .
although the larger reservoir of fountain pens requires less frequent ink replenishment , the ink may inconveniently spill out in certain contexts to stain the paper , fingers , or clothing of an unwary writer .
2000 baia mare cyanide spill .
the manufacturers of these products may accidentally spill or purposefully dump harmful byproducts directly into the environment .
kmart corrected the violations by preparing and implementing spill prevention control and countermeasure plans , applying for appropriate storm water permits , complying with hazardous waste generator requirements , and submitting reports to state and local emergency planning and response organizations informing them of the presence of hazardous substances .
the ensuing oil spill affected a considerable area of nearby coastline .
the spill reviewers often specify their ratings during the review , e.g. " low rental " or " high matinée . "
this beach is also the site of the 2007 korea oil spill .
in august 1995 there was an acid spill in the river by the canadian mining company cambior .
increasing the size and the range of sea otter populations would also reduce the risk of an oil spill wiping out a population .
bp was investigated by congress for their role in the spill .
this is the site of guimaras oil spill since august 2006 .
the " prestige " was an oil tanker whose sinking in 2002 off the galician coast caused a large oil spill .
the spill will later complicate rescue efforts in the city .
when the edge - system stops , the water level in the upper pool continues to spill into the basin - stopping at the level of the weir wall .
" this award is based on the votes of fellow jockeys , turf writers and an online vote by fans , and is given in memory of mike venezia , who was killed on october 13 , 1988 in a spill at belmont park .
the areas it is aimed at are : maritime security , oil spill prevention , marine resources management , climate change , seasonal forecasting , coastal activities , and monitoring ice sheet surveys , water quality and pollution .
" blood in " generally means that to get into a prison gang , one has to spill someone else 's blood .
on february 25 , 1984 an oil spill set the shantytown vila socó on fire , killing 93 people according to official figures , but the actual death toll might be more than 200 .
they fear that the eruption of republican violence in northern ireland will spill into the south and affect their stability and security .
when they stab the dummy 's stomach , coins spill out instead of blood , proving the " jewish creature " is not human after all .
he was a founding member of greenpeace spain , and played an important role during the prestige oil spill near the galician coast .
the high school also received a great deal of media coverage concerning a mercury spill that occurred on friday , october 24 , 2008 .
prestige oil spill , an incident and following lawsuit that could have radically changed the role of class societies .
to avoid adding more computation time than necessary , rematerialization is done only when the compiler can be confident that it will be of benefit — that is , when a register spill to memory would otherwise occur .
in october 2004 there was a severe oil spill and about 700 birds with oil - damaged plumage were found by hunters in the chukotka shores .
when someone writes on the sheets , the pressure from the point of the writing instrument causes the micro - capsules to break and spill their dye .
while at whdh he anchored coverage of a chemical spill that earned him several accolades .
the wilderness society described the area as a " marine superhighway " , and whales and endangered flatback turtles observed in the area are at risk from the spill .
it was the b - side to their debut single hit " spill the wine " .
on 23 january , iraq dumped 400 million gallons of crude oil into the persian gulf , causing the largest oil spill in history .
the spill was attributed to a pipeline rupture .
the tidal mechanics of san francisco bay caused the spill to spread rapidly , affecting a large area of the california north coast , including the golden gate national recreation area , ocean beach and the marin headlands .
when lucas ' father 's world - wide underwater power plant inadvertently split the earth 's crust , causing lava to spill into the ocean , lucas and the rest of the " seaquest " crew were forced to abandon ship , so that captain bridger could dive the boat into the well and detonate her nuclear warheads , effectively plugging the hole .
games between the clubs would often result in fan violence which some time will spill onto the field .
if the sewer line were undermined by erosion and were to break , a highly toxic spill would occur .
the benefits of protected areas may spill over to positively impact adjacent unprotected areas .
under no circumstances shall anyone make contact with the referee , lineman , or scorekeeper or spill their drinks .
droylsden borders clayton , openshaw & newton heath and although it does have some social problems of its own , this can often mean that droylsden can be prone to a crime " spill - over " from these areas of manchester .
tri - state staff also cooperate with interns and researchers from universities and institutions in order to conduct bird - related research not directly applicable to oil - spill situations .
phil is let out the next day , and when he sees heather in the pub , he drunkenly throws her bag on the floor , and the contents spill out .
" main article : 2010 port arthur oil spill "
spill the beans ( ep ) .
in 2008 , gayfest nyc produced a full production of " edward the king " , as well as " the wrath of aphrodite " by tim o'leary , " jumping blind " by philip gerson , " spill the wine " by brian dykstra , and " steve hayes ' hollywood reunion , " written by and starring steve hayes .
the team 's training program exceeds state guidelines and includes defensive tactics to protect environmentally - sensitive sites should a spill occur .
the new rules prohibit ships using heavy oil in the antarctic treaty system area due to the risk to wildlife in the event of an oil spill .
the court therefore held that a shipper of a hazardous chemical by rail is not strictly liable for the consequences of a spill or other accident to the shipment en route .
according to its official description , red symbolizes the blood of the people of the nation , the blood that was spilt in order to bring it independence , and the blood that they would spill to protect their nation .
comprehensive studies of the effects of the spill toward the ecosystem around prince william sound began in the following year .
the fishing - based chugach economy was severely impacted by the environmental damage caused by the exxon valdez oil spill in 1989 .
thornburgh also oversaw prosecution against exxon in the aftermath of the exxon valdez oil spill in alaska .
mari and her friends are getting ready to cause a scene , and she then transforms into a waitress to spill the drinks on purpose on the females surrounding her man .
and recently this area has seen some condo , office , and retail development spill over the milwaukee river to this neighborhood .
( they ) provided public space at a time when political action and debate had begun to spill beyond the institutions that had traditionally contained them . "
the risks to wildlife are highlighted in the local oil spill contingency plan .
in july 1999 , he seriously fractured his right arm in another spill at belmont and was out of the races for six months .
the hairpins were constructed so that the mules could park their double - ended carts and run - around to pull the cart in the opposite direction up the next stretch , thus avoiding the need to turn around the hairpin bends , which often caused carts to topple over and spill their contents .
vandals spill millions of gallons of water from reservoir
in actuality , they communicate using a code with mirrors along the rim wall , in cooperation with the spill mountain people .
private eye lew archer finds himself the confidant of a wealthy , violent family with a load of trouble on their hands - including an oil spill , a missing girl , a lethal dose of nembutal , a six figure ransom and a stranger afloat , face down , off a private beach .
the legislation included a clause that prohibits any vessel that , after march 22 , 1989 , has caused an oil spill of more than one million u.s. gallons ( 3,800 m³ ) in any marine area , from operating in prince william sound .
barge spill .
brett nelson ( born 1969 ) is an american multi - instrumentalist , singer and songwriter best known as the bassist for the indie rock band built to spill .
they then walk with it outside and spill it over themselves .
martsch signed built to spill to warner bros. records in 1995 .
cn released a statement on october 18 , 2005 , that estimates the railroad 's financial obligation for cleanup from the spill to cost an estimated $ 28 million , with remaining costs covered by insurance .
nant myddlyn , a tributary on the clun , suffered from a diesel spill near llantwit fardre , in early 2008 ce , which was raised at the senedd .
the anti - oil group " goo " ( get oil out ) formed shortly after the spill , and oil drilling has been a sensitive issue in the area ever since .
dave trumfio ( wilco , built to spill ) would produce the record in los angeles , and tchad blake ( tom waits , paul simon , los lobos ) would mix the record in london .
he has also supported artists such as modest mouse , pinback , built to spill , gomez , the vandals , my morning jacket , and pearl jam 's stone gossard .
most are italian which represent a spill over influence from the famous st. louis italian hill neighborhood which is closely located just to the northeast of lindenwood .
in the commercials , men appearing to be hikers play tricks on sasquatch ( such as unscrewing the top of a salt shaker , causing salt to spill all over when bigfoot goes to pour some on the food he is cooking ) .
dawn 's loathing for clara sue grows , but surprisingly(even to dawn ) , this loathing does not spill over to clara sue 's older brother , the handsome and charming philip cutler .
prestige oil spill ( november 13 , 2002 ) : , nether the shellfish and fish populations , nor any sea food related industries seems to be still affected in any way by its terrible impact and contamination .
stuck and quester returned in the 24 hours nürburgring , but their bmw was destroyed in a crash at night that involved an oil spill and seven cars .
remove all sources of ignition . ventilate area of leak or spill .
for this reason galley stoves are often gimballed , so that the liquid in pans does not spill out .
both the long- and short - term effects of the oil spill have been studied comprehensively .
however , as he is attacking toshi ( pretending not to know toshi escaped the oath ) , hidetsugu reveals that there is a loophole in the oath — the oath only enacts vengeance on the members if they " spill the blood " of another reckoner .
following the oil spill queensland premier anna bligh declared two islands and parts of the sunshine coast disaster areas .
the potential impact of large dairies was demonstrated when a massive manure spill occurred on a 5,000-cow dairy in upstate new york , contaminating a stretch of the black river , and killing 375,000 fish .
in the days following the spill , substances washed ashore along a stretch of coastline .
spill plane .
following her return , " fort mchenry " participated in the cleanup of the " exxon valdez " oil spill from 28 april – 22 june 1989 .
at their meeting the shareholders use the demand letter as a rag to clean up a spill , and a lemon squeezer metaphorically represents the pressure the stockholders intend to apply to the strikers .
the next day , neil meets denise at a restaurant , but before he goes to the table , he gets a waiter ( steve lemme ) to spill a glass of water on her , just to watch her overreact .
the largest contributor to the oil spill total , corrosion of pipes and tanks , is the rupturing or leaking of production infrastructures that are described as , " very old and lack regular inspection and maintenance " .
in founding papers in the sociology of the mass media , molotch and lester applied the insights of ethnomethodology to the santa barbara oil spill and the way it was covered .
days later , and after the spill was made public , mayor mufi hannemann decided to divert 48 million gallons of untreated sewage into the ala wai canal in an attempt to avoid having the sewage back up into the hotels and residences .
the oil spill occurred in the visayas sea which is considered a rich fishing ground that supplies most of the fisheries demand for the entire country .
nylon for example , will degrade and crack rapidly if exposed to strong acids , a phenomenon well known to ladies who accidentally spill acid onto their tights .
erikson has studied a number of sociological disasters , including the nuclear fallout in the marshall islands in 1954 ; the buffalo creek flood in west virginia in 1972 ( resulting in the award - winning 1978 book " everything in its path " ) ; the three mile island nuclear accident in 1979 ; the exxon valdez oil spill in 1989 ; and the genocide in yugoslavia that took place from 1992 to 1995 .
eitam also claimed that the left was running an incitement campaign against the settlers , which include provocations and calls to spill their blood , in order to delegitimize that right - wing campaign against the disengagement plan .
the alaska sealife center project cost $ 55 million ; exxon valdez oil spill settlement funds made up the $ 37.5 million portion of funds dedicated to research and rehabilitation .
however there is little uniformed planning within these blocks ; therefore lanes ( perpendicular to streets ) and alleys ( parallel with street , or conceptually , perpendicular to the lane ) spill out from the main throughways .
one topical strip had the seagull boycotting gaston 's car after seeing a bird stuck in an oil spill on television .
the oil spill occurring in the fore river did not have as many environmental consequences as initially assumed .
on their 2009 album ' there is no enemy ' built to spill released the song ' planting seeds ' with the lyrics " i 've heard that they 'll sell anything and i think they might ... i think bill hicks was right ... about what they should do . "
in 1989 the park areas was heavily affected by the exxon valdez oil spill which devastated the alaska peninsula .
at that time , this was the largest oil spill on record .
in the second leadership spill in december 2003 , tanner supported beazley , who lost the party - room ballot to mark latham .
, doing business as , is a japanese commercial terrestrial television broadcasting company headquartered at 11 - 25 miyako - chō 1-chōme , chūō - ku , chiba serving chiba prefecture but spill - over is received in the neibouring prefectures .
an oil spill approximately 40 feet wide occurred at the mouth of pago pago harbor as a result of the tsunami .
after 124 years of operations , sibley mill closed in 2006,mainly due to avondle 's ( the company who purchaced granitville)inability to economically recover from the aftereffects of the graniteville , south carolina train disaster and chlorine spill in granitville in january of 2005,laying off about 100 workers .
it also has a large series of cliffs that follow the southern border and spill into the northwest area of peru .
" bean - spill " came about in part when sst records partner joe carducci was getting concerned about the amount of songs the minutemen were giving away to various cassette and vinyl compilations at the time .
yosef burg , one of the prominent leaders of the religious zionist movement warned that admission of too many non - religious into the university could undermine its character : " if you spill too much water into a wine bottle , you will have no wine . "
see " exxon valdez " , " braer " , " prestige oil spill " , " torrey canyon " , and " erika " for examples of coastal accidents .
beginning in the late 1990s , espn2 began to offer much of the same programming as espn , often airing spill over programs from " the mothership . "
a hundred of thy sunsets spill
the parabolic reflector organizes the light into nearly parallel beams , and the spherical reflector is placed in front of the lamp to reflect light from the lamp back to the parabolic reflector , which reduces spill .
this was statoil ’s 2nd worst oil spill .
working with the united states coast guard , which officially led the response , exxon mounted a cleanup effort that exceeded in cost any previous oil spill cleanup .
" active " was awarded the special operations service ribbon for the " exxon valdez " oil spill cleanup in prince william sound , alaska , participation in the portland rose festival , the coast guard bicentennial celebration at san francisco fleet week in october 1992 , and for the 1994 at sea apprehension of the motor vessel jin yinn no . 1 carrying 123 illegal chinese migrants .
in 2005 , there were explosions at a cnpc owned petrochemical plant causing six deaths , a mass evacuation , and a massive oil spill over the songhua river .
the recent grounding of the oil tanker " jessica " and the subsequent oil spill brought this threat to world attention .
raging battles were still taking place in cyprus ' north and greece 's border with turkey in thrace was tense when greeks took to the streets in all the major cities , celebrating the junta 's decision to relinquish power before the war in cyprus could spill all over the aegean .
in the wake of the kingston fossil plant coal fly ash slurry spill , appalshop has provided a web stream of " sludge " for the public .
proponents such as lessig have suggested that copyright holders may be motivated to oppose the pdea by a competitive threat : a huge wave of abandoned works would spill into the public domain which could form the basis of new derived works that would compete commercially with established copyrighted works .
" honestly , i 'm doing okay " is the third ep from the rock band the spill canvas .
the tva and environmental protection agency initially estimated that the spill released 1.7 million cubic yards ( 1.3 million m³ ) of sludge , which is gray in color .
he was lead attorney in individual and class action cases against enron , washington public power supply system , purdue pharma ( over oxycontin ) , exxon ( with respect to the exxon valdez oil spill ) , boeing , intel ( over alleged monopoly practices ) , michael milken , the rio tinto mining company ( with respect to human rights violations and environmental destruction in new guinea ) , and visa and mastercard ( in which he achieved a $ 3 billion settlement ) .
once she has killed the bringers , buffy pulls out the knife and advances on andrew , revealing that they must spill his blood to quiet the seal , since he was the one who initially activated it .
public outrage over the massive environmental damage inflicted by this spill , which covered hundreds of square miles of the channel and fouled beaches from ventura to goleta , was a major spur to the budding environmental movement .
other albums and an ep have followed : " silverbeet " ( 1993 ) , " spill the beans " ( ep , 1994 ) , " couchmaster " ( 1995 ) , and two retrospective compilations , " compiletely bats " ( which collected most of the tracks from the band 's two early eps and several singles ) and " thousands of tiny luminous spheres " . " at the national grid " , was released in september , 2005 on little teddy records in germany , magic marker in the us and egg records in the uk .
neofunctionalism holds that functional spill - over occurs from the cooperation and social - integration of technocrats into increasingly political realms .
the " exxon valdez " oil spill was the largest in u.s. history and crowley was the prime supplier of marine equipment and personnel for the cleanup .
abnormalites , featuring new music from the band , was released on january 12 through the spill canvas store and digital retailers .
however , she and ando end up engaged to be married after hiro changes the past , resulting in the two having dated since high school , having fallen in love with him on the night hiro changed the past and prevented the slushy spill .
• safety compliance : first aid , floor safety , hazard communications , personal protective equipment , fall protection , spill control , pipe and valve marking , training and motivational materials
the diplomatic row with britain has threatened to spill over into the traditional defence links between the two countries .
anna wonders when seth is finally going to spill it to summer .
the hard coal spill spread to 33 hectares of coral and sea grass areas .
the third alternative explanation was that people have habitual bargaining behaviors , such as overstating their minimum selling price or understating their maximum bargaining price , that may spill over from strategic interactions where these behaviors are useful to the laboratory setting where they are sub - optimal .
when someone has a heart attack , for instance , the lack of oxygen in heart cells causes necrosis in heart cells : dying heart cells spill their contents in the extracellular environment , which triggers the complement cascade .
most of the spill was cleaned up by burning the oil .
he has also played with jandek , and has appeared on several built to spill albums .
jiyeh power station oil spill .
dub narcotic sound system has toured in many different countries such as japan , canada and in europe , and they toured with many bands such as built to spill , fugazi , and the jon spencer blues explosion .
wardens conduct spill investigations and gather and prepare evidence that is essential to any court case .
there are four red cords which you can pull on the ground to spill the air out so you are not dragged too far.’ mr. felix mueller , a licensed parachutist , instructed miss burns , and supervises the folding of her parachute , which is a very important item - a twisted cord or a wrong fold of silk would probably mean tragedy . "
alexander parkes and spill listed camphor during their earlier experiments , but it was the hyatt brothers who recognized the value of camphor and its use as a plasticizer for cellulose nitrate .
extensive internal flooding and a sizable spill of fuel oil only served to complicate matters .
vrla types became popular on motorcycles since about 1983 , because the acid electrolyte is absorbed into the medium which separates the plates , so it can not spill .
bears were not directly harmed by the exxon valdez oil spill in 1989 , although some were displaced from traditional feeding and traveling areas by cleanup crews .
since fresnels can not use internal shutters , such as those found in an ellipsoidal spotlight , they are often fitted with distinctive barn doors to control the spill and shape the beam of light .
opportunities exist for improving the ground floors and frontages of the buildings along wellesley road , connecting more effectively with their immediate surroundings creating more activity , such as shops and cafés with spill - out spaces .
the wireless plugs enable spill containment in virtually any location .
the british government was only able to serve its writ against the owners by arresting the " torrey canyon 's " sistership , the " lake palourde " , when she put in for minor provisions at singapore , four months after the oil spill .
hard coal spill .
starting as early as wednesday , the already packed bars , the majority on chauncey hill , begin to spill over .
two years after the spill , the ecosystem began to recover , but it still was far from its initial state , as the fishermen of hungary claiming that their catches are only at a fifth of their original levels .
critic tom maginnis writes that cornwell sings with " a lecherous sneer , the sexual tension is so unrelenting as to spill into macho parody or even censor bating["sic " ] territory . "
proponents of the link cite health concerns about the aging septic systems in the town , and the occasional spill , as reasons to link to the durham - york system .
sensor operated soap and shampoo dispensers reduce waste and spill that might otherwise represent a slip hazard .
but only now did its darkest secret spill .
he worked on assignments for several organizations , including efe and canal plus , and was a cameraman for the telecinco television network for 8 years , covering news of importance such as the kidnapping of his coworker jon sistiaga in macedonia , the 1998 baghdad bombings , the kosovo war in 1999 , various reports from the " hespérides a la antártida " ship in 2001 , a report from the french caves of lascaux , the incident on isla peregil during the same year , and the " prestige " oil spill .
when the gap was opened , a torrent of water would spill out , carrying a " downstream " boat with it , or allowing an " upstream " boat to be manhauled or winched through against the flow .
on thursday ( when many greek parties are held to deter high - schoolers ) and friday nights , it is not uncommon for parties to spill out into the local streets within the area .
in 1989 , the oil tanker " exxon valdez " ran aground on bligh reef after leaving valdez , causing a large oil spill , which resulted in massive damage to the environment , including the killing of around 250,000 seabirds , nearly 3,000 sea otters , 300 harbour seals , 250 bald eagles and up to 22 killer whales .
roller dams are a type of weir , or a dam that is designed to allow water to constantly spill over the top .
in the test against england at twickenham he dominated the match and scored two tries including the game winner late in the second half when his punishing tackle on english pivot tommy kemp saw kemp spill the ball and windon outpace the english backline defence 50 m to the try line breaking england 's spirit and sealing the victory .
this means that a severe rainstorm that caused flooding , a pollution spill , or the outbreak of an upstream dam could easily wipe out the entire population and cause this mussel species to become extinct .
the exception is the murphy oil spill which hit residential areas of chalmette , louisiana and meraux , louisiana .
the exxon valdez oil spill was the incentive to introduce legislation requiring tankers to have a double hull , a measure that is not seen as the best solution by all experts .
msrc is the largest spill response organization in the nation .
in the video , lambert carries a tin of kerosene , letting it spill out leaving a trail as she walks through the countryside .
the next morning , still threatened with death , he reads papers , listens , learns , and observes to see that the engine of the locomotive that carries us towards global revolution has not stopped working .... " ; despite unharmed lungs , the neck wound did spill blood into a lung .
oil spill .
apart from the hotel itself , there are ' spill - over ' facilities available across the road , by the railway line , varying from self - contained cabins to atcos and camping areas .
it is thought that the effects of the spill are likely to be felt for many years to come .
a study released in december 2006 led by josé luis de pablos , a physicist at madrid 's center for energetic and environmental research , concluded that 16,000 to 23,000 tons of oil remained in the wreck , as opposed to 700 to 1300 tons claimed by the spanish government ; that bioremediation of the remaining oil failed ; and that bacteria corroding the hull could soon produce a rupture and quickly release much of the remaining oil and create another catastrophic spill .
each isolation room is decoupled from the main room , further reducing any possible spill and allowing york street engineers to record full bands playing live with virtually no bleed .
kenai ( exxon valdez oil spill survivor ) , kachemak , yaku , mari , and kiana
reporters found pre - spill evidence , and cn executives admitted , that cn failed to provide public safety information to prevent public exposure to carcinogenic , toxic chemicals .
the fruits are smooth milkweed pods which split open to spill seeds along with plentiful silky hairs .
despite being virtual , chat can spill into the outside world .
reason : asian markets decline - fear of spill - over to developed markets .
on the other hand , the singer said that it was better to spill some funds into nefarious quarters for the sake of those who needed it , than to stifle aid because of possible theft .
" you were right " is a song by american indie rock band built to spill , from the 1999 album " keep it like a secret " .
" no one cries when they spill beer on a fiddle . " " the difference between a violinist and a fiddle player is $ 100 a night , and a tux."according to the performer shoji tabuchi , the difference lies " in how you fiddle around with it . "
these convicts were often petty ' criminals ' , and represented the population spill - over of britain 's industrial revolution , as a result of the rapid urbanisation and dire crowding of british cities that followed britain 's industrialization .
in 1990 an accidental spill released cyanide into lynches river and 11,000 fish died .
built to spill .
however , there has never been a chemical plant or chemical spill in the area .
by 2009 , scientists estimated the at1 transient population ( considered part of a larger population of 346 transients ) , numbered only 7 individuals and had not reproduced since the spill .
the sequel to that movie focused on the battle between the orcas and an oil spill .
various estimates of the extent of the spill have been made , the final one being 45 tons , of which only 9 tons have been collected .
oil spill .
the brackish estuaries where the corcovado and tic toc rivers spill into the bay of corcovado are exceptional wildlife habitat .
neither motiva or total , which operate the other two refineries , initially publicly responded to the spill .
the party room however voted down having a leadership spill 48 votes to 35 and the andrews challenge did not eventuate ..
michael opted to spill water on gaelan 's bed , which at the time was only used by gaelan himself .
in february 2008 , the company experienced a data spill , losing an undisclosed number of tapes containing customer information .
the largest oil spill involving the main pipeline took place on february 15 , 1978 , when an unknown individual blew a 1-inch ( 2.54-centimeter ) hole in it at steele creek , just east of fairbanks .
it has been mentioned that a possible oil spill in the aegean would be devastating for greece 's tourism industry .
" do n't drink and drive . you might spill your drink . "
the largest oil spill in fresh water was caused by a shell petroleum tanker in the río de la plata , off magdalena , on january 15 , 1999 , polluting the environment , drinking water , and local wildlife .
senator barbara boxer and san francisco mayor gavin newsom criticized the coast guard for its response , as its initial reported figures , between 100 and 400 gallons of oil , were significantly lower than those of the actual spill .
the fuel and pumpout dock were recently modernized , and extra fire and spill control equipment was added .
