as sponge .
eve 's pudding is a type of traditional british pudding now made from apples and victoria sponge cake mixture .
sponge , machine head , agent orange , soulmotor , doubledrive , loudmouth
the flat hat hunt ” , with lord scamperdale as master , in " mr sponge 's sporting tour " .
to produce the friction , the membrane may be directly rubbed with the fingers or through the use of a cloth , or a stick or cord which is attached to the centre of the membrane and then rubbed or moved with a hand , sponge or cloth , generally wet .
champ begins training with friends tim ( edward brophy ) and sponge ( roscoe ates ) , but is too despondent to work out .
aided by seasoned producers al sutton ( sheryl crow , kid rock , hank williams jr. , the detroit cobras ) , and eric hoegemeyer ( charm farm , kid rock , uncle kracker ) , plus members of sponge , detroit cobras , and her own holy wreck crew .
a bootlegged copy of their version of madonna 's " crazy for you " ended up on the internet and became an underground hit , with some listeners believing it was a sponge cola original .
this is a pale sponge ranging in colour from grey to yellow .
dana orlando of the philadelphia daily news " xpress section " expressed the opinion that both the cartoon and the live action parts of the episode were funny , and described " the sponge who could fly " as one of the best episodes to date .
a class of examples is given by the cantor sets , sierpinski triangle and carpet , menger sponge , dragon curve , space - filling curve , and koch curve .
if they contact another sponge of the same species , the water flow carries them to choanocytes that engulf them but , instead of digesting them , metamorphose to an ameboid form and carry the sperm through the mesohyl to eggs , which in most cases engulf the carrier and its cargo .
raipur is among the richest cities & india ’s biggest iron market - there are about 173 steel rolling mills , 170 sponge iron plants , more than 250 steel plants , 800 agro - industries and 70 ferro - alloy plants in and around the city .
this species feeds on an undescribed pale blue sponge .
the two principal forms of micromagic are card tricks and coin tricks but any small item can be used for sleight - of - hand performances including dice , bottle caps , sugar cubes , sponge balls , pebbles , pens and cups and balls .
these let water into the sponge .
bob says , “ super 8 stayed on the road and opened for fishbone , deftones , sponge , poe ” .
this species feeds on a yellow - brown sponge .
its members are wendell garcia on drums , chad rialp ( of sound and liquid jane ) on bass , pat tirano ( of toi and monkeyspank , co - produced beautiful machines and also co - produced sponge cola 's transit and self - titled third album with yani yuzon ) on lead guitars and yani yuzon himself on frontman duties .
bug sponge .
in 1994 , it commissioned the world ’s largest gas - based single mega module plant for manufacturing direct reduced iron ( sponge iron ) , at its maharashtra - based dolvi plant .
they are highly specialized feeders that will likely perish without some marine - sponge formulation in their daily diet .
some leaves or a small sponge is placed under the trap pan so that the dirt does not go under the trap pan .
in the centre , hanging from the ceiling is a pole , attached to which are sponge balls of three different colours .
they then released their third single " ayt ! " which features sponge cola collaborating with filipino icon gary valenciano .
furthermore , the menger sponge is uncountable and has lebesgue measure 0 .
if there are any , the matte sponge operation mode should be selected and those gray pixels are sampled until they have all turned white again .
it has in the past been called " an oasis in the deep " , hosting a vast coral forest , large sponge field , crabs , deep - sea fish , basket stars , and a number of rare benthic species , some of which have yet to be studied properly or even named .
ocb + ryuichi sakamoto , pan sonic and fennesz , massive attack , human audio sponge , guru of gang starr , buck 65 , beans , roots manuva , madlib , richie hawtin vs. ricardo villalobos , kid koala , matthew dear , dj2d2 , prefuse 73 , dj marlboro , matthew herbert , 2 many djs , dj hell , tiga , nobody , françois k , la excepción , boom bip , prince po , dani siciliano , four tet , to rococo rot , maja ratkje , alva noto ...
the n. k. symi ( sponge diving boat ) ( also known as the eleni ) is a historic site in tarpon springs , florida .
the manufacturer of the today sponge reports effectiveness for prevention of pregnancy of 89% to 91% when used correctly and consistently .
archaeocyathids , which some classify as a type of coralline sponge , are common in the cambrian period from about , but apparently died out by the end of the cambrian .
cloud sponge ( aphrocallistes vastus ) is a primitive organism of the order hexactinosa in the class hexactinellida .
the family arrives in delaware and disembarks the train , but the hobo reminds them that they owe him two more sponge baths as compensation .
aside from acting , singing , and hosting , heechul also became an active participant in variety shows , making frequent appearances on " heroine 6 " , " vitamin " , " sponge " , " x - man " and " love letter " .
howard stern , bubba the love sponge , scott ferrall , bob dylan , opie and anthony , ron & fez , broadminded , bam margera , tony hawk , jason ellis , martha stewart and oprah winfrey are among the stars that have signed contracts with one of the two companies .
born and raised in lüdenscheid , nöbeling studied mathematics and physics in göttingen and vienna where he was a student of karl menger and received his phd in 1931 on a generalization of the embedding theorem , which for one special case can be visualized by the menger sponge .
a body hygiene kit ( bathroom kit , sponge bag , toilet bag , toilet kit , toiletry kit , travel kit , wash bag , washbag , wet pack ) is a small container ( bag / case / kit ) which holds body hygiene / toiletry products for a trip lasting one night or more .
the pressurized module contains a small bathroom with privacy curtains and a shower head producing a water mist for sponge baths .
an early example in a seal from c. 1240 includes the cross , nails , lance , crown of thorns , sponge and whips .
in a test , its 2 gallon flush washed down ten apples of average diameter 1 ¼ inches , 1 flat sponge about 4 ½ inches in diameter , plumber ’s smudge coated over the pan , and 4 pieces of paper adhering closely to the soiled surface .
some convenience versions of shortcake are not made with a " shortcake " ( i.e. biscuit ) at all , but a base of sponge cake or sometimes a corn muffin .
more than 50 sponge iron plants have already been started in the vicinity of raigarh and various industries are looking forward for opportunities .
they demonstrate the ability to absorb information like a sponge and store it eternally for later use by either themselves or other beings .
allendale pharmaceuticals purchased the patents and the complex manufacturing equipment in 1998 to produce the today sponge .
" based on wheel of fortune where contestants spin a wheel and answer a question and complete dares , like sponge square in the face , eating challenge and foot in gumboot "
in the new testament , a sponge soaked in sour wine or vinegar was stuck on a branch of hyssop and offered to jesus of nazareth on the cross just before he died .
sponge cola also graced two of the most successful tribute records come out recently : the eraserheads ' " ultraelectromagneticjam " where they did a cover of " pare ko " and the apo hiking society 's two - volume disc kami napo muna ( " nakapagtataka " ) and kami napo muna ulit ( " saan na nga ba ang barkada " ) .
in the 1990 's , east lansing band the verve pipe rose to brief stardom with the hit " freshmen , " and sponge had moderate national success with a dual - guitar sound reminiscent of the mc5 .
rti recently announced plans to build a new premium - grade sponge plant contiguous to the tronox plant in hamilton , mississippi .
a shoulder rest generally follows the curve of the shoulder ; some shoulder rests are bendable , others are made of sponge - like material , and a few have an extension that hooks further over the shoulder for stability .
created by french chef m. sanzian at boston 's parker house hotel , opened in 1855 , this pudding / cake combination comprises two layers of sponge cake filled with vanilla custard or crème pâtissière .
since the compound is light - sensitive , the sponge must be harvested at a minimum depth of 33 meters .
in a hard - fought contest , kilrain lost at the start of the 76th round when mike donovan , his second , threw in the sponge .
the tendrils will later form the basal plate of the adult sponge that firmly anchors the animal to the reef .
the warty dorid feeds on the crumb - of - bread sponge , " hymeniacedon perlevis " , which it closely resembles in colour .
a swiss roll or jelly roll is a type of sponge cake roll .
the antikythera wreck is a shipwreck that was discovered by sponge divers off the coast of the greek island , antikythera .
this improves both respiratory and digestive functions for the sponge , pulling in oxygen and nutrients and allowing a rapid expulsion of carbon dioxide and other waste products .
it is preferably nestled in its food sponge " anthoarcuata graciae " .
in the lower right is stephaton , the traditional name for the soldier who offered jesus the sponge soaked in vinegar wine .
sponge doughs were used before bread improvers were invented .
channel 101 , stern 's other channel ( featuring bubba the love sponge , scott ferrall , and other personalities ) , were made available in late june 2006 .
sponge cola though will hire session drummers to fill in chris ' slot during live gigs .
today , the philippines has notable bands such as pupil , hale , sponge cola , callalily , greenlush , chicosci , bamboo , silent sanctuary , rocksteddy , kjwan , kamikazee , cueshe , itchyworms , imago , the ambassadors , moonstar 88 , faspitch , and urbandub , and the emergence of its first virtual band , mistula .
when a gemmule germinates , the archeocytes round the outside of the cluster transform into pinacocytes , a membrane over a pore in the shell bursts , the cluster of cells slowly emerges , and most of the remaining archeocytes transform into other cell types needed to make a functioning sponge .
nighttimers hawk and marty were promoted to afternoons , and were replaced with bubba the love sponge during the night shift .
there were many musical phrases in the opera created by addition of notes to codes as sponge - like absorption of folk colors and elaboration , which were having a particular appeal to the audience .
all the other kids decide to sneak out to the theater in order to watch sponge 's first date , but unbeknownst to them ug is also going to the theater on a date with his girlfriend .
typical passover sponge flavorings include almonds , lemon , poppyseeds , apples , and chocolate .
when conditions improve , the gemmules will " germinate " and a new sponge is born .
the frog cake is a small dessert shaped to resemble a frog with its mouth open , consisting of a sponge base with a jam center , topped in artificial cream and covered with a thick layer of fondant icing .
this is especially important in reproduction as the sex cells of the sponge in sexual reproduction are formed from these amoeboid cells .
the theory is that the zeolite will trap the no and no2 molecules - in effect acting as a molecular sponge .
aunt sponge is flattened by a giant peach .
this made the chapel itself an immense reliquary , housing the crown , the true cross fragment , relics of the virgin mary , the holy lance , the holy sponge and the mandylion , a supposed image of christ in the early modern era the kings of france drained their treasury , sold rubies and melted down gold to supply their vast military spending needs , making all the chapel 's ecclesiastical treasures into a monetary reserve that could be used if needed , as they had also been in the medieval era .
crumb - of - bread sponge .
similarly in asexual reproduction amoebocytes result in the formation of gemmules which are cyst - like spheres containing more amoebocytes as well as other sponge cells including the phylum specific choanocyte .
foville examined jones , but did not prescribe any medicine , instead suggesting cold water sponge baths .
elaine then becomes very selective with her sexual partners and refuses intercourse unless she determines her partner to be " sponge worthy " .
balls : typically appear identical to baseballs but are slightly softer to reduce injuries : 9 " to 9½ " around , 4 to 6 ounces weight , with a molded core or sponge rubber center .
improper use , such as leaving the sponge in too long , can result in toxic shock syndrome .
the today sponge actually dates back to 1976 when it was created by bruce ward vorhauer .
apart from singing , he also began to appear on numerous variety shows such as vitamin , sponge , xman and love letter , and also had one of the leading roles in the sitcom “ rainbow romance ” .
many sponge fishers that travels from all the mediterranean .
the creamy white vegetable shortening filling liquefies , impregnating the sponge cake with its luscious vanilla flavor ...
the station 's website mentioned that a format change would be coming to 95.3 thursday , january 7 , 2010 following the bubba the love sponge show .
they are usually seen covered with sponge which they apply themselves the carapace is roughly 30 mm long for a full grown male and slightly narrower in breadth .
the free - living adults do not feed and are usually hidden in a cavity or sponge where reproduction will occur .
bubba the love sponge from 1996 until his firing in 2004 .
today sponge creates a physical barrier between the sperm and the cervix .
during the napoleonic wars , a british gun team consisted of five gunners to aim it , clean the bore with a damp sponge to quench any remaining embers before a fresh charge was introduced , and another to load the gun with a bag of powder and then the projectile .
a few days later , mainwaring and wilson take jones ' section to sponge 's farm to catch the ram .
farnese wattle , dead finish , mimosa wattle , mimosa bush , prickly mimosa bush , prickly moses , needle bush , north - west curara , sheep 's briar , sponge wattle , sweet acacia , thorny acacia , thorny feather wattle , wild briar , huisache , cassie , cascalotte , cassic , mealy wattle , popinac , sweet briar , texas huisache , aroma , ( bahamas ) cashia , ( bahamas , usa ) opoponax , cashaw , ( belize ) cuntich , ( jamaica ) cassie - flower , cassie , iron wood , cassie flower , honey - ball , casha tree , casha , ( virgin islands ) cassia , ( fiji ) ellington 's curse , cushuh ' " , ( st. maarten ) .
results were mixed regarding the production of other mineral commodities , with production increasing for some commodities , such as alumina , chromite , silver , titanium sponge , uranium , and zinc metal , but decreasing for others , such as copper metal , iron ore , lead metal , and steel .
the grool ( according to goosebumps ) is a mythical sponge - like being which feeds off bad luck .
when the vacuum is changed , the adhesive , sponge , and tubes are all replaced .
the love doctors also soon fell off the schedule as regular guys slid into graveyard shift , allowing bubba the love sponge to have complete control over morning drive . " guys " larry and eric were n't happy about this , and badmouthed xm and the fact that they were n't paid by xm for the exposure .
this lighter worked by a reaction of hydrogen to platinum sponge , which gave off a great amount of heat .
this is supposed to describe the texture of a " sufganiyah " , which is somewhat similar to a sponge .
in the late 1800s and early 1900s , the sponge trade , led by greek immigrants , was a major industry in the town .
she has appeared on the " bubba the love sponge " radio show three times .
some bottlenose dolphins in shark bay exhibit the only known case of tool use in marine mammals ( outside of sea otters ) : they protect their nose with a sponge while foraging for food in the sandy sea bottom .
a number of companies that manufacture shoe care products also sell a liquid shoe polish in a squeezable plastic bottle , with a small sponge applicator at the end .
robin claimed she would be a successful racer and even challenged radio personality bubba the love sponge , an experienced driver , to a future race .
battenberg cake is a light sponge cake which , when cut in cross section , displays a distinctive two - by - two check pattern alternately coloured pink and yellow .
round and round is a faux finish technique of applying paint in a circular motion , usually with a sponge .
it has also been isolated from another marine sponge , " h. malanodocia " , as a cytotoxin .
the basic way to prepare a jaffa cake entails baking a fatless sponge and adding jam and chocolate to taste .
the sponge has a hausdorff dimension of ( log 20 ) / ( log 3 ) ( approximately 2.726833 ) .
born in march 7 , 1978 , lead guitarist yan yrastorza yuzon is the older brother of sponge cola guitarist and frontman , yael yuzon .
absorbable gelatin sponge is an antihemorrhagic .
the three common less - lethal rounds are the m651 cs gas , the m1006 sponge grenade , and the m1029 crowd dispersal rounds .
there are distinct differences between the paleozoic and mesozoic hardground communities : the former are dominated by thick calcitic bryozoans and echinoderms , the latter by oysters and deep bivalve ( " gastrochaenolites " ) and sponge ( " entobia " ) borings ( taylor and wilson , 2003 ) .
" placospongia " is a genus of sea sponge belonging to the family placospongiidae ' " .
since their fossils show no signs of a gut or other organs , chancelloriids were originally classified as some kind of sponge .
food eaten at the carnival includes " perlini " ( multi - coloured , sugar - coated almonds ) and the " prinjolata " , which is a towering assembly of sponge cake , biscuits , almonds and citrus fruits , topped with cream and pine nuts .
absorbable gelatin sponge .
the gas dissolves in plastic , which absorbs the gas like a sponge .
sponge ( band ) .
the full list of comforts offered to the suffering mother carry a biblical resonance : dressings , sponge , lip - moistening and prayer .
prinzregententorte is a cake found mainly in bavaria , which consists of at least six thin layers of sponge cake interlaid with chocolate buttercream .
duchess ( sponge hooking boat ) .
sponge filters and corner filters ( sometimes called box filters ) work by essentially the same mechanism as an internal filter .
bodrum was a quiet town of fishermen and sponge divers until the mid-20th century , although , as mansur points out , the presence of a large community of bilingual cretan turks , coupled with the conditions of free trade and access with the islands of the southern dodecanese until 1935 saved it from utter provincialism .
he was not good in drawing figures and used for his paintings a metal plate for bricks , a sponge or moss for the leaves .
" i know some people get disheartened , and i know some people want to throw in the sponge and give up , but i ca n't do that .
when invaded , they produce a chemical that stops movement of other cells in the affected area , thus preventing the intruder from using the sponge 's internal transport systems .
the glassy fibers that attach the sponge to the ocean floor , 5 - 20 cm long and thin as human hair , are of interest to fiber optics researchers .
sholapith is a milky - white sponge - wood which is carved into delicate and beautiful objects of art .
shyam d.r.i. - bamloi - sponge iron
the st. nicholas vi ( sponge diving boat ) is a historic boat in tarpon springs , florida .
eltanin antenna is the name popularly given to an unusual sponge photographed on the sea floor by the antarctic oceanographic research ship usns eltanin in 1964 , while photographing the sea bottom west of cape horn .
anal fingering can also stimulate the perineal sponge in females .
on monday january 5 2009 , the bubba the love sponge radio network signed on .
they also they came with a small sponge in the bottom of the chimney to soak up any left - overs .
regions with these sponge are currently protected from damage by commercial fishing .
he also recently finished work with sponge cola to release the band 's third , eponymous record .
wxtb - fm was the home of the top rated sea bass & marla morning show , and later the flagship of the former regional radio host todd clem , better known as bubba the love sponge .
within the iczn there has been a proposed emendation of spelling to clionaidae for the sponge family .
the pastries and baked goods from the province of valladolid are well - known , specially st. mary 's ring - shaped pastries , st. claire 's sponge cakes , pine nut balls and cream fritters .
as this sponge is commonly covered in silt , the papillae are often the only part of the animal visible .
the duchess ( sponge hooking boat ) is a historic boat in tarpon springs , florida .
during this proceedure he noted compression of the nerve by vascular loops and in 1932 proposed the theory that trigeminal neuralgia was caused by compression of the nerve by a blood vessel with the advent of the operative microscope , peter jannetta was able to further confirm this theory in 1967 and advocated moving the offending vessel and placing a sponge to prevent the vessel from returning to its native position as a treatment for trigeminal neuralgia
the cake is essentially a lightly sweetened sponge cake , and , depending on the variety , may take any number of shapes or appearances .
for example , sme could determine that a pen is like a sponge because both are involved in dispensing liquid , even though they do this very differently .
a flattened natural sponge is also kept inside the antimins , which is used to collect any crumbs which might fall onto the holy table .
the tentacled creature called itself " father " , and was at its core a huge parasitic sponge .
the most important examples are those of thrace , sponge - divers of aegina , the thessalian companies of ampelakia of tyrnavos , agia , zagora , etc . as well as the maritime cooperatives of the islands of hydra , spetses , psara , symi , santorini and the maritime towns of messimvria , galaxidi and kranidi .
the pharmatex sponge was introduced in france and the quebec province in canada in 1984 .
a recently - discovered carnivorous sponge that lives near hydrothermal vents hosts methane - eating bacteria , and digests some of them .
they are bleached and marketed ; the spongin gives the sponge its softness and absorbency .
some women who claim to experience orgasm during anal stimulation may be having their perineal sponge stimulated .
in a few hours , massive nets weighing up to 15 tons , dragged along the bottom by deep - water trawlers , can destroy deep - sea corals and sponge beds that have taken centuries or millennia to grow .
the standard way of holding the violin is with the left side of the jaw resting on the chinrest of the violin , and supported by the left shoulder , often assisted by a shoulder rest or a sponge and an elastic band for younger players who struggle with shoulder rests .
the man ( sponge album ) .
his “ sponge washing ” was not accepted by local doctors of medicine , and so they complained and called him an impostor with no medical background .
they 've played the edge 103.9fm 's annual edgefest with jimmy eat world , the plain white t 's , hot hot heat , and the bravery , and have supported bands like taking back sunday , local h , electric six , the thermals , sponge , the lemonheads , and more .
yael yuzon ( born ysmael yrastorza - yuzon , november 22 , 1983 ) is the lead vocalist / guitarist and songwriter for filipino band sponge cola .
sponge ( material ) .
the rear gunner in a vehicle convoy could use a sponge grenade as their warning shot , instead of live rounds .
they are often seen drinking from damp sand with their sponge - like mouth - parts .
all specialized cells within the sponge have its origins with the archaeocyte .
as a result , " ta - c " may have the structure of a cobblestone street , or the nodules may " melt together " to make something more like a sponge or the cobbles may be so small as to be nearly invisible to imaging .
these wetlands act as a sponge in storms and in 1995 , when the floods returned , the government did not have to expend resources in those areas .
the traditional technique of titanium production is via the kroll process which involves chlorination of tio2 ore in the presence of carbon and reacting the resulting ticl4 with magnesium to produce titanium sponge .
the package describes the snack cake as a " chocolate coated sponge cake with creamy filling . "
for documents ancient , previous to his(its ) foundation it is known that at the beginning of the century xvii was measured and qualified " estate of the sponge - cake " , which was measuring seven cavalries , was re - measured on july , seven , 1740 , by request of indian marcos díaz chief of camasca " .
a tube sponge has long tube - like structures of cylindrical shape .
the pinacocytes are on the external surface of the sponge body and characterized as an epithelial layer of flattened cells .
heating [ nh4]2[ptcl6 ] under a stream of hydrogen at 200 °c produces platinum sponge .
sponge cola 's version of apo classic " saan na nga ba'ng barkada " for the kami napo muna ulit album is currently enjoying massive radio airplay despite opting not having a music video for it .
rigó jancsi is a traditional hungarian and viennese cube shaped chocolate sponge cake and chocolate cream pastry .
mehmed çakir , a turkish sponge diver , made the initial discovery in 1982 .
transport was by towing behind a truck or horse , via two steel disc wheels fitted with sponge rubber filled tires .
only a few tonnes of yttrium metal are produced each year by reducing yttrium fluoride to a metal sponge with calcium magnesium alloy .
the biomedical technology wing has played a pioneering role in the establishment of a medical device industry base in india by successfully developing and transferring technologies for diverse medical products such as disposable blood bag system , mechanical heart valve prosthesis , blood oxygenators , ophthalmic sponge , concentric needle electrode , hydroxyapatite based biocermaic porous granules with many more in the pipeline with industrial collaboration .
eric bischoff will once again be competing on the opposite side of vince mcmahon 's wwe and in an interview with bubba the love sponge , he said that he believed " history is repeating itself " .
they form colonies which are yellowish cream in color , and look like thick sponge - like masses that overgrow themselves on stationary objects on the sea floor such as gravel , mollusc shells , and possibly other encrusting species .
in the illustration to the right , the miniaturist illustrated the line " they gave me gall to eat ; and when i was thirsty they gave me vinegar to drink " with a picture of a soldier offering christ vinegar on a sponge attached to a pole .
so far , two of the " s&p cnx 500 " conglomerates have corporate offices in orissa , for example , national aluminium ( 2005 gross income rs.51,162 million ) and tata sponge iron ( 2005 gross income rs.2,044 million ) .
in ancient rome , a sponge on a stick was commonly used , and , after usage , placed back in a bucket of saltwater .
the perineal sponge is erogenous tissue encompassing a large number of nerve endings , and can , therefore , be stimulated through the back wall of the vagina or the top wall of the rectum .
apertural canals connect the outer surface of the substrate to the chambers and galleries so the sponge can channel water through its tissues for filter feeding ( bromley , 1970 ) .
avicenna was the first to describe the surgical procedure of intubation in order to facilitate breathing , and he also described the " soporific sponge " , an anasthetic imbued with aromatics and narcotics , which was to be placed under a patient 's nose during surgical operations .
notable companies based in the municipality of coimbra include software companies critical software and ciberbit which have their global headquarters in the city , mechanical and electronics engineering company active space technologies , telemetry and machine to machine company isa , cimpor 's cement factory in souselas ( cimpor souselas ) , the pan - european service facility of olympus corporation , the pharmaceuticals companies bluepharma and basi , the iron foundry fucoli - somepal , civil and engineering construction , public works and housing construction firm a. baptista de almeida , and several ceramics , food processing ( probar produces cold meat products and dan cake produces sponge cakes and swiss rolls ) , textiles and wine industries .
koutalianoi brought them into benghazi , libya in 1963 for sponge fishing .
reindeer hooves adapt to the season : in the summer , when the tundra is soft and wet , the footpads become sponge - like and provide extra traction .
water entered the sponge parallel to the spines , being expelled , presumbaly , from a central opening .
in march 2009 , the station shifted back to a more 70's-80 's classic hits music mix and added the nationally syndicated bubba the love sponge morning show .
also popular for large family gatherings are various types of sponge cake , topped with fresh or canned fruit , whipped cream , marzipan and meringue .
parker has been featured on numerous television and radio shows such as : " extra " , " the tonight show with conan o'brien " , " the insider " , " vh1 behind the music " , " the soup " , " redemption song " , " the howard stern show " , " danny bonaduce " , " opie and anthony " , " derek and romaine " , " judith regan " , " the regular guys " , and " bubba the love sponge " .
an ad for the saturday morning cartoon lineup in comic books of the time referred to " the bubbler , " " bratfink , " and " the sponge . "
sponge cola 's debut album palabas , was released in 2004 under sony bmg , spawning radio hits like " klsp " , " gemini " , and " jeepney " .
it was engaged in the sponge and salt industries and also served as a transfer port for stevedores seeking work on passing ships .
the band 's debut album pull me up ... drag me down was produced by tim palmer of sponge .
today sponge should not be left inside the vagina for more than 30 hours .
dujardin , a french biologist interested in protozoan evolution , recorded the morphological similarities of choanoflagellates and sponge choanocytes and proposed the possibility of a close relationship as early as 1841 .
the crash that took me , here holy spain , sponge , watershed , flickerstick , and ppt .
you ’re doing a hundred other things at the same time , and as much as you try to keep your attention on it [ sponge counts ] if the surgeon needs something , it ’s easy to get distracted .
he instead decides to suck on a wet sponge .
it has a narrow base , and consists of bulging rings which get wider further up the sponge , resulting in a conical shape .
the resulting porous metallic titanium sponge is purified by leaching or heated vacuum distillation .
german and nordic - style cakes and pastries , such as sponge cakes and danish pastry ( known as " wienerbrød " , literal translation : " viennese bread " ) share the table with a variety of home made cakes , waffles and biscuits .
major recruiters include industry heavyweights like maruti , telcon , flowserve corporation , vedanta , tata motors , hindalco , eicher motors , ashok leyland , bharat forge , tata metaliks , jindal steel and power ltd , mahindra n mahindra , tvs motors , essar steel , tata sponge , ispat group , l&t , eaton india , jsw steel , hinduja foundry , hi - tech gears , bhel etc .
although simple to make , victoria sponge recipes are notoriously sensitive to cooking times and temperatures .
the salt industry , along with small sponge and hemp exports , sustained the turks and caicos islands ( only barely , however ; there was little population growth and the economy stagnated ) until in the 1960s american investors arrived on the islands and funded the construction of an airstrip on provo island and built the archipelago 's first hotel , " the third turtle " .
born in leonidio , he came to new york in 1895 to work in the sponge trade .
the sponge is removed from the furnace , called a " bloomery " , and repeatedly beaten with heavy hammers and folded over to remove the slag , oxidise any carbon or carbide and weld the iron together .
association football teams pioneered the use of the magic sponge as the combination of its pain relieving effects and , possibly , the placebo effect served to get valuable players quickly back into a game .
wastes diffuse into the water and the water exits through the osculum at a velocity of nearly 8.4 cm / second , carrying away with it the sponge 's wastes .
the fcc fined clear channel over allegedly indecent content in the bubba the love sponge radio show .
treacle sponge pudding .
on june 3 , 2008 , dipietro went on a sirius satellite radio show being hosted by " bubba the love sponge , " where he told bubba he would be undergoing knee surgery later that day .
the island got its name from the dellis family who lived on the island and earned their living sponge farming in the 1950s .
during the early years of 1887 through 1909 , fostoria advertised that it manufactured " tableware , colognes , stationers ' glassware and candelabra " , as well as inkwells , sponge cups , vases , fingerbowls and fruit jars .
bruno gets on an adjacent platform , and challenges bugs to an even higher heights and diving into smaller amounts of water ( a damped sponge ) .
this is a thickly encrusting sponge with a soft , fleshy texture , growing in patches up to 18 cm across .
on each side of the cannon , three soldiers stood , to ram and sponge the cannon , and hold the ladle .
his left leg is prosthetic , as revealed in " who shot mr. burns ? ( part two ) " ( though it was n't made apparent in such past episodes as " a streetcar named marge " , when jasper was able to stretch his legs during the audition for " oh , streetcar ! " , " boy scoutz n the hood " , when jasper was shown naked in a tub during " sponge bath the old folks ' day " , and " the pta disbands " where jasper 's real feet were shown while wearing sandals during his " that 's a - paddlin ' " speech to lisa 's class ) .
a gunner whose weapon has a coaxial grenade launcher would not have to alter their point of aim if the driver ignores the sponge grenade warning shot .
leucandra ( sponge ) .
in this modification , the gladiator and their team one at a time had to run across a narrow pathway holding a sponge ball .
2005 - the today sponge is re - introduced in canada in march 2003 and in the u.s in september 2005 .
this mix of slag and iron in the bloom is termed " sponge iron " , which is usually consolidated ( shingled ) and further forged into wrought iron .
he was so unsuccessful that , in a rage , he gave up and threw the sponge he was using to clean his brushes with at the medium , thus producing the effect of the horse 's foam .
a sponge grenade is a riot control weapon , intended to be less - lethal , which is fired from a 40 mm grenade launcher to cause confusion , or otherwise temporarily disable its target .
ray , lets go to the sponge docks , " or " what 's up ray ? " is how the term is used in tarpon springs .
at the end of the seven years , the fountains were running dry , and an ogress came to take the last with a sponge and pitcher .
slightly dampening paper with a sponge or by steam and then drying it before writing a message , will prevent writing from being developed by this method .
a twinkie is a " golden sponge cake with creamy filling " in the united states .
it is similar to a sweet sponge cake flavored with ginger and honey .
génoise is not the same thing as " pain de gênes " , which is an almond cake ; however , génoise is very close in composition and basic use to " pan di spagna " ( " spanish bread " ) , an italian sponge cake .
giant jim finally asks the third question : " what color is a giraffe 's tongue ? " sponge does n't know whether it is red or black .
despite its prominence , high biomass , importance to habitat complexity and reef health , very little is known about the basic biology of this massive sponge , including rates of mortality and recruitment , reproduction , growth and age .
his modifications of the thermometer adapted that instrument to many purposes : for ascertaining the temperature of the air he used one with a fine bulb hung in the shade or whirled by a string , the latter form being converted into an evaporometer by inserting its bulb into a piece of wet sponge and making it revolve in a circle of known radius , at a known rate ; for experiments on the earth and in deep water he employed large thermometers wrapped in non - conducting coatings so as to render them extremely sluggish , and capable of long retaining the temperature once they had attained it .
the void cube is a 3-d mechanical puzzle similar to a rubik 's cube , with the notable difference being that the center " cubes " are missing , which causes the puzzle to resemble a level 1 menger sponge .
in 2007 a study from the journal of environmental health found that putting a damp dishcloth ( or sponge ) in the microwave for 2 minutes killed 99% of living pathogens .
this material then decomposes and becomes part of the compost pile lining the pit that continues to act as a moisture sponge .
a cover of the show ’s theme song " go speed racer go " , performed by sponge , is included on the 1995 tribute album ' , produced by ralph sall for mca records .
okadaic acid was named from the marine sponge " halichondria okadai " , from which okadaic acid was isolated for the first time .
the angul plant has already started producing 110 mw , sponge iron and billets production is close to 0.5 million tonnes .
hemostasis is reached in a few minutes , and the sponge is absorbed by the body within several weeks .
at the middle of the cliff , there is nodular rubble consisting of calcitized sponge spicules .
this sponge has a worldwide distribution and is common in many areas .
instead , the relatively sparse density of afro - hair , combined with its springy coils actually results in an airy , almost sponge - like effect .
for curves that can not be drawn on a 2d surface without self - intersections , the corresponding universal curve is the menger sponge , a higher - dimensional generalization .
calyculins are natural products originally isolated from the marine sponge " discodermia calyx . "
they creep up and eat away the sponge .
ltd. its flagship company is now known as jai balaji sponge ltd. other companies in the group are chandi steel industries ltd. , jai salasar balaji industries pvt .
white sugar sponge cake .
it was discovered by greek - cypriot sponge diver andreas kariolou in 1967 close to kyrenia in cyprus .
" luffa operculata " ( common name , sponge cucumber , wild loofa or mướp xơ in vietnamese ) is a species of " luffa " .
nea koutali is well known in greece and abroad for its sponge production .
sponge cola was the big winner of myx music awards 2007 , gathering four awards .
