despite the sportive car image , the engine remained the same of the beetle so the top speed of this car is .
while many thought the victory of enyimba was a flash in the pan , the club re - enacted the victory in 2004 , beating etoile sportive du sahel of tunisia in the finals in abuja .
it is one of the larger sportive lemurs with a total length of about 60 to 67 centimeters , of which 28 to 32 centimeters are tail .
trabelsi previously played for étoile sportive du sahel .
phoenix hagen has finished the season as first runner - up and hence has qualified by sportive means for promotion to bbl for the coming season 2009 - 10 ( see license issue below ) .
they were founded in 1909 as " club sportif oyonnaxien " and were renamed " union sportive oyonaxienne " in 1940 , as sports clubs were force to united by the vichy régime .
in 1979 , the commission sportive internationale , an organization subordinate to the fia which was at that time the rule - making body for formula one , was dissolved and replaced by the fédération internationale du sport automobile , or fisa , which would serve the same function .
vidal began his football career playing for his hometown club stade saint - affrique sportive in saint - affrique , a small commune in the aveyron department .
panthère sportive du ndé is a cameroonian football club based in bangangté .
in 1899 , seeldrayers began a career as a sports journalist with the magazine " la vie sportive " , ( " sporting life " ) , writing a column under the pen name " spectator " .
asc jeanne d'arc ( association sportive et culturelle jeanne d'arc ) is a senegalese football club based in dakar .
its initial aims were to obtain representation on the " commission sportive internationale de la fia " ( csi ) , which at the time was motorsport 's governing body in order to improve safety standards and provisions for both drivers and spectators .
the association sportive arménienne ( a.s.a ) decided to play in issy - les - moulineaux after the request of armand zarpanelian , former player who built the stadium in 1981 .
kuts , who was an army officer during his sportive career , was first noticed internationally in 1954 .
on 25 march 2008 he was decorated by the president of romania , traian băsescu for the results on qualifying to euro 2008 and qualification to uefa euro 2008 group c with medalia " meritul sportiv " — ( the medal " the sportive merit " ) class iii .
the northern sportive lemur ( " lepilemur septentrionalis " ) is a species of lemur in the lepilemuridae family .
on 25 march 2008 he was decorated by the president of romania , traian băsescu for the results on qualifying to euro 2008 and qualification to uefa euro 2008 group c with medalia " meritul sportiv " — ( the medal " the sportive merit " ) class iii .
the most important change concerns the sportive logo and therefore all the game jersey and the merchandising .
founded in 1922 , under the name association sportive de souk el - arbâa - translated : " sports association of souk el - arbâa"- ( assa ) , the team plays in red and black colours .
however , de guzman also had a disappointing sportive start of the season , as he was sent off in feyenoord 's season opening eredivisie match .
“ … appealing / to hearts that own our nature ’s common lot;/thou , styled by sportive fancy ’s better feeling,/a thought , the ‘ heart ’s ease’ – or ‘ forget me not’ ” –bernard barton .
sahamalaza sportive lemur .
after his sportive career , nambu is the first person to become a bi winner , nambu became a sports journalist for mainichi shimbun .
this scandal , called " l'affaire va - om " ( va for union sportive valenciennes - anzin and om for olympique de marseille ) , was denounced by valenciennes , whose players jacques glassmann , jorge burruchaga and christophe robert were contacted by marseille player jean - jacques eydelie , in order to let om win and , more importantly , not to injure any om player ahead of the uefa champions league final .
hubbard 's sportive lemur .
in 1935 the club changed its name to " shoqata sportive ismail qemali " .
other mammals also move via hopping , such as the kangaroo rat , springhare and certain primates such as the sifaka and sportive lemur .
the name " cisitalia " derives from " consorzio industriale sportive italia " , a business conglomerate founded in turin in 1946 and controlled by the wealthy industrialist and sportsman piero dusio .
held bi - annually , this 260 km ( 162 miles ) sportive increases the test of reliability and endurance yet further with 26 sections of pavé which total some 42 km ( 26miles ) .
union sportive musulmane oujda .
established sportive events .
hamdi braa ( born september 7 , 1986 ) is a tunisian basketball player currently playing for étoile sportive du sahel in the tunisian basketball league .
union culturelle et sportive des travailleurs port autonome is a senegalese football club based in dakar .
union sportive de la médina d'el harrach ( ) ( usm el harrach ) is an algerian football club based in el harrach , a district of algiers .
after three years on seniorside for asec mimosas left in january 2010 his club to sign for jeunesse sportive bassam .
usca foot ( " union sportive de la commune urbaine d'antananarivo " ) is a football team based in antananarivo , madagascar .
the rugby club toulonnais was founded on june 3 , 1908 as a merger of " étoile sportive varoise " and members of the " stade varois " , a club based in nearby la seyne - sur - mer .
in 1902 , the club is known as union sportive roulers ( in french ) but it will retire from the football association for financial problems in 1909 .
a calf he was about to slay was standing , awaiting the deathstroke , when at that moment — that critical moment — a lovely little girl came bounding along in all her sportive mirth from her father 's stall .
in 1906 , the club changed its name to ca paris in a merge with " l'union sportive de paris xii " and " l'athlétic club " .
throughout the 16th century , a variety of new , single - handed civilian weapons were being developed , including the german " rappier " , another cut - and - thrust weapon used for sportive fencing , as described in joachim meyer 's " fechtbuch " of 1570 .
villeneuve leopards , translated from " léopards d'aquitaine " and sometimes known as union sportive villeneuve , are a french rugby league club from the town of villeneuve - sur - lot in the " département " of lot - et - garonne .
other lemurs of the anjajavy forest are the milne - edwards sportive lemur ( " lepilemur edwardsi " ) and the pale fork - marked lemur .
at sparta every phyle had its " lesche " , in which and in the gymnasium the elders passed the greater part of the day in serious and sportive conversation , and in which the new - born children were presented for the decision of the elders as to whether they should be brought up or destroyed .
these workshops typically take place in regional centers for physical education ( centres régionaux d'éducation physique et sportive - creps )
isaac boakye ( born september 21 , 1984 ) is a ghanaian football player who plays in ghana for real sportive .
union sportive bressane is a general sports club based in the town of bourg - en - bresse , france .
union sportive valenciennes olympic .
each july a jean de gribaldy cyclo - sportive is organized around montbéliard , ( doubs " département " ) .
a native of ajaccio , khazri started his career with local side jeunesse sportive ajaccio before moving to sc bastia .
association sportive bakaridjan de barouéli .
it is one of the larger sportive lemurs with a total length of about 52 to 64 centimeters , of which 24 - 27 centimeters are tail .
l'association sportive évry football is a french association football club founded in 1898 .
the red - tailed sportive lemur ( " lepilemur ruficaudatus " ) is , like all lemurs , native to madagascar .
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of association sportive des employés et commerçants de koudougou .
medusa network : objecting to have a television network that would show sportive events around the world , stavros garkos opened medusa network in " when hurricanes collide " .
ouraga began his career with académie jean - marc guillou and joined than in january 2007 to entente sportive de bingerville .
charlotte was a remarkably bright , sportive child , excelling her schoolmates and developing a voice of remarkable compass and richness , with a full contralto register .
the rear sight has an open notch setting marked " 1 " designed for immediate firing up to 100 m but also contains apertures with settings " 2 " , " 3 " and " 4 " corresponding to firing ranges 200 , 300 and 400 m. the 400 m setting has a removable iris for sportive shooting .
union sportive ferrals xiii are a french rugby league club based in ferrals - les - corbières , aude in the languedoc - roussillon region .
jeunesse sportive de kabylie ( kabyle : ilmezyen n addal n leqbayel ) known as js kabylie or jsk ( transliterated ⵊⵙⴽ in tifinagh ) , is a football ( soccer ) club based tizi ouzou in algeria .
osman gencal , city mayor at the time , had been interested in finding a place for training due to his sportive background as a former sportsman and a member of baçspor .
on 25 march 2008 he was decorated by the president of românia , traian băsescu for the results on qualifying to euro 2008 and qualification to uefa euro 2008 group c with medalia " meritul sportiv " — ( the medal " the sportive merit " ) class iii .
association sportive d'ornans is a french association football club .
scott 's sportive lemur .
baron rené de knyff ( december 10 , 1865 , france - 1954 , france ) was a french pioneer of car racing and later a president of " commission sportive internationale " ( " csi " ) , now known as fia .
this was in memory of maurice de nieuil ( 1860–1949 ) , a former chairman of the " société sportive d'encouragement " , one of the precursors of france galop .
l’union sportive avranches mont saint michel is a french football club based in avranches , in the department of manche , and founded in 1897 .
ben tifour died at the age of only 43 while he was coach at jeunesse sportive de kabylie during the 1970 - 1971 season .
just three years after he was named president of the sportive society ks vllaznia .
centre culturel et sportive portugais de tours is a french association football club .
he has ridden for the union sportive de créteil cycling club since 2006 .
other teams include : victoria sportive , commerce sport , jean compte , sport cholonaise , khánh hội sport , tân định sport , gò vấp , hiệp hòa , chợ quán , phú nhuận , đồng nai , enfants de troupe ; in other provinces : thủ dầu một , cần thơ , sóc trăng , sa đéc , gò công , châu đốc , mỹ tho .
espérance sportive de guelma , better known as es guelma , ( ) is an algerian football club based in guelma founded in 1939 .
the joop zoetemelk classic , a cyclo - sportive over 45 , 75 or 150 km , is held every march , organised by the swift club of which zoetemelk is a member .
the ongoing dispute between the ministry of culture , youth and sports and the football association of albania has been seen as a political intrusion by fifa and uefa , which led to the banning of albania from international sportive activities .
weasel sportive lemur .
the closest living relatives of this genus are the sportive lemurs ( genus " lepilemur " ) , and together the two genera make up the lepilemuridae family .
hamdi kasraoui ( , born 18 january 1983 in sousse ) is a tunisian football goalkeeper who used to play for espérance sportive de tunis until 25 may 2009 when he signed with french club rc lens .
after world war i strasbourg was ceded to france as part of the territory of alsace - lorraine and " fv straßburg " was removed from the german football scene in 1920 to play in the french leagues , first as " strasbourger fv " , and following a union that same year with " strasbourger fc donar " ( established 22 november 1899 ) , as " association sportive de strasbourg " .
in 1935 , he coined the term " sportive entertainment " to describe professional wrestling — a term that in a slightly modified form would come to prominence fifty years later .
founded in 1923 under the name " ruspina sports " , it was renamed union sportive monastirienne in 1942 .
the first world record in the women 's long jump was recognised by the fédération sportive féminine internationale ( fsfi ) in 1922 .
it is said that an the wedding day anna invited the chocolate bearers with whom she had worked or played , and in " sportive joy at her own elevation " offered her hand to them saying , " behold ! now that i am a princess you may kiss my hand . "
sportive achievements .
sportive lemurs are strictly nocturnal and predominantly arboreal , moving among the trees with long jumps powered by their strong hind legs .
association sportive sonabel .
also in 2005 , aboutrika played a great role in al - ahly victory of the caf champions league 2005 , he scored an amazing goal in the final with an outrageous effort from 30 yards out against étoile sportive du sahel of tunisia in a game ended 3 - 0 for al - ahly .
he then moved to tunisia , where he coached cs hammam - lif and étoile sportive du sahel .
sportive successes .
additionally , sacko won the bronze medal at the world club championship in japan and subsequently won the caf super cup with etoile sportive du sahel at the end of february 2008 and signed in july 2009 for olympique beja .
the association was re - founded as union sportive toulouse on may 25 , 1970 and took on the juniors of gascogne and ace mermoz - bonnefoy in order to establish a solid player base .
étoile sportive de béni - khalled ( ) is a tunisian football club , based in the city of beni - khalled in northeast tunisia , on the south coast near to the cap bon peninsula .
union sportive montagnarde inzinzac - lochrist is a french association football club founded in 1937 .
the closing of each festival is crowned by a sportive competition , the " souvenir stefan götz " , generally a individual and team time trial about 20 km , which is open to both audience and movie makers .
association sportive et culturelle saloum is a senegalese football club based in kaolack .
randriansoli 's sportive lemur is found in western madagascar .
the team was founded in 1931 as association sportive avignonaise .
entente sportive de bingerville .
association sportive des fonctionnaires de bobo .
he played for algerian club jeunesse sportive de kabylie and helped them to win the african champions league in 1990 .
l’association sportive du cerf - volant soisonnais » .
la roche esof ( " etoile sportive ornaysienne de football vendée la roche - sur - yon " ) is a french football club founded in 1978 and is based in la roche - sur - yon .
etoile 's most fierce rivalry is with esperance sportive de tunis , as the teams are 2 of tunisia 's finest .
association sportive municipale belfortaine football club is a french association football , who is currently playing in the championnat de france amateurs 2 group b , the fifth tier in the french football league system .
everybody who can swim and is more than 160 cm in height can participate in this sportive event , which was revived in 2004 .
association sportive stade mandji is a gabonese football club founded in 1962 and based in port - gentil , ogooué - maritime province .
union sportive des forces armées .
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la régie abidjan - niger .
al - fath association worked ( and still work ) essentially for the islamic and civic education , sportive events , releases and travels , assistant at the muslims for administrative querys .
étoile sportive du sahel won 2 – 1 on aggregate and advanced to the second round .
formerly split into two superfamilies , cheirogaleoidea ( family cheirogaleidae ) and lemuroidea ( the remaining lemur families ) , it has since been shown that family cheirogaleidae is nested within the other families , having the strongest affinities with the sportive lemurs .
lévitan founded and was first president of the union syndicale des journalistes sportifs de france ( 1957 - 1965 ) , then president of the association internationale de la presse sportive ( 1964 - 1973 ) .
in 1996 , ferreras established the sports association international association of freedivers ( iafd ) in direct opposition to the organization aida , but this had limited sportive success and closed in 2004 .
association sportive illzach modenheim foot is a french association football team founded in 1932 .
union sportive bitam is a gabonese football club based in bitam , gabon .
union sportive ouakam is a senegalese football club based in dakar .
after discussions , the club was formed in april 1897 as " l’union sportive avranches .
progress was hastened by the publication of a " service de l'aviation légère et sportive " requirement for a new light aircraft for french aeroclubs , and a series of development machines were built with a variety of different engines , eventually leading to the definitive brochet mb.80 .
the victories are from the la sportive riders during the years that they rode for the team .
the two models feature quite different design , the coupé having a very aggressive and sportive design while the 5-door model is more consensual .
the merger left the stade rennais uc with one main opponent in brittany , the union sportive servanaise .
makrem ben romdhane ( born march 27 , 1989 ) is a tunisian basketball player currently playing for étoile sportive du sahel in the tunisian basketball league .
in early 1999 , a sportive 16v version equipped with a new 1.6 l 16-valve engine was introduced , and eventually , all the older petrol engines were upgraded to more powerful and more economical 16-valve versions .
examples of bridging in sportive or self - defense applications are seen in kung fu , yoga , judo , brazilian jiu jitsu , mixed martial arts , and wrestling .
association sportive et culturelle hlm is a senegalese football club based in dakar .
in 1997 , the club merged with neighbours union sportive bascharage , forming un käerjeng 97 , which is based in bascharage .
after 3 years of the la sportive consortium , peugeot re - established its separate cycling team , and with belgian firmin lambot won the 1922 tour de france .
entente sportive uzès pont du gard is a french association football club founded in 2005 .
wright 's sportive lemur is found in southeastern madagascar , living in primary and secondary mid - altitude forests .
sportive lemur .
rs settat , also called renaissance sportive de settat is a moroccan football club located in the moroccan city of settat .
three years after its defeat by the " gaulois " , the est team won the 1939 cup after beating the etoile sportive du sahel , with a final score of 10 to 1 .
association sportive d'origine arménienne de valence was a french football team playing in the city of valence , drôme .
the club resumed play as the " association sportive de strasbourg " in late 1944 and enjoyed some success as a french amateur side through the 60s .
his clubs have included étoile du sahel , club athletique bizertin , jeunesse sportive kairouanaise and avenir sportif de la marsa .
union sportive du foyer de la régie abidjan - niger .
during the 19th century , jogo do pau was brought to lisboa by a northern master , resulting in an amalgamation with the technique of the gameirosabre , growing into a sportive competition , removed from actual combat .
the history of sport probably extends as far back as the existence of people as purposive sportive and active beings .
his sportive performances were great but herberger never forgave him the " escape " from the amateur national team .
on 25 march 2008 he was decorated by the president of romania , traian băsescu with ordinul " meritul sportiv " — ( the order " the sportive merit " ) class ii with one barret for his part in winning the of 1986 european cup final .
l'association sportive forezienne andrézieux - bouthéon is a french association football team founded in 1947 .
hawks ' sportive lemur .
family lepilemuridae consists solely of the sportive lemurs .
association sportive monts is a french association football club founded in 1924 .
its statute defines the club as a " sportive , recreative , educational , assistant and philanthropic non - profit organization of public utility " .
in 2006 , the sport portfolio was reassigned to the new dipartimento per le politiche giovanili e le attività sportive .
randrianasoli 's sportive lemur .
union sportive monastir .
the northern end supports the football club of esperance sportive de tunis while at the other end is the rival african club .
formula one was first defined in 1946 by the commission sportive internationale ( csi ) of the fia , forerunner of fisa , as the premier single seater racing category in worldwide motorsport .
khaled korbi ( born 16th december 1985 ) is a tunisian professional footballer who is a central midfielder and plays for tunisian ligue professionnelle 1 champions espérance sportive de tunis .
association sportive des douanes de lomé is a togolese football club based in lomé .
betsileo sportive lemur .
the mastretta mxt is the first sportive automobile produced by the mexican car maker mastretta , and is notable for being both the first automobile completely produced and designed in mexico , as well as the first mexican sports car .
esperance sportive de zarzis ( , oftern referred to as " esz " ) is a football club from zarzis in tunisia .
there were standing sportive activities under a scheduled order in those arenas .
petter 's sportive lemur is found in southwestern madagascar , living in dry spiny forests and some gallery forests .
his humble and sportive attitude was very much appreciated by rajan and neena mehta in the 6th episode .
under the leadership of the mayor , at the time , yves colmar , he urged the following clubs ; l'association cycliste de boulogne - billancourt , u.s.s.o.b. , les amis de la boule ferrée , la jeunesse sportive , lou païs athlétic club , le rowing club de boulogne , and les sauveteurs marinier to merge in order to form a single entity in the city .
he also participated in the rise of el makarem de mahdia in 2003 - 2004 and the rise of océano club de kerkennah in 1995 - 1996 , and étoile sportive de béni khalled in 2002 - 2003 .
the defensive midfielder began his career by b.a. united in brong ahafo , before in 2007 moving to real sportive .
woods began her european playing career in switzerland for lna club esperance sportive pully in 2007 .
formed at l'association sportive de mégrine , he joined club africain in 2007 .
rohr was fired by étoile sportive du sahel following a third place finish in the league , outside of the 2010 caf champions league places , on 15 may 2009 .
union sportive du yatenga .
manasamody sportive lemur .
the sportive management is in the hands of australian scott sunderland .
fc gland , formerly etoile fc gland ( etoile is the french word for star ) , or l'etoile sportive ( french for sporting star ) is a swiss sports club located in gland .
the weasel sportive lemur is predominantly a leaf - eater , although it supplements its diet with fruits and flowers .
for example , leaf eaters such as howler monkeys , black - and - white colobuses and sportive lemurs have extended digestive tracts which enable them to absorb nutrients from leaves that can be difficult to digest .
the first world record in the women 's shot put was recognised by the fédération sportive féminine internationale ( fsfi ) in 1924 .
on 25 march 2008 he was decorated by the president of romania , traian băsescu for all activity and quality of football coach , for forming young generation on future champions with ordinul " meritul sportiv " — ( the order " the sportive merit " ) class iii .
union sportive saint - malo is a french association football club founded in 1902 .
usually , in sportive events among national teams , the short version is the one officially used .
union sportive de la comoé is a burkinabé football club based in banfora .
ben dhifallah joined étoile du sahel from espérance sportive de zarzis in june 2007 , before moving to libyan premier league club nasr in february of 2010 .
union sportive cognaçaise is a french rugby union club , based in cognac in the charente département ( poitou - charentes region ) .
rasheem alibhai ( born 29 august 1984 in paris ) is a french - canadian dual citizen football ( soccer ) player who currently plays for entente sportive de bingerville .
he was a member of the l'etoile sportive de malakoff cycling club from his first races until his death .
large flocks of butterflies , flies , all kinds of happy insects , seem to be in a perfect fever of joy and sportive gladness .
he spent a final season at union sportive argelès - gazost , in the quality of player - coach , in 2000/01 .
due to its proximity to the town of nay it is often normally referred to with the double barreled name " coarraze - nay " ( such as its use in " union sportive coarraze nay " or the sncf train station " coarraze - nay " )
the football team of azazga , jeunesse sportive azazga or jsa , is one of the oldest clubs of algeria .
the " espérance sportive de tunis " was officially registered on january 25 , 1919 .
dhiab joined the tunisian club team espérance sportive de tunis .
union sportive alençonnaise 61 is a french association football club founded in 1916 .
france : h martin ( stade bordelais universitaire ) , c varseilles ( stade français ) , maurice leuvielle ( stade bordelais ) , e lesieur ( stade français ) , g lane ( racing club de france ) , a hubert ( association sportive français ) , a mayssonnie ( toulouse ) , a masse ( stade bordelais universitaire ) , p guillemin ( racing club de france ) , p mauriat ( lyon ) , a branlat ( racing club de france ) , r de malmann ( racing club de france ) , marcel communeau ( stade français ) capt . , j dufourcq ( stade bordelais universitaire ) , r duval ( racing club de france )
1st round 8th & 9th ahly / sc villa ( uganda ) 6/0 2nd round 10th , u. sportive médina d'alger usma ( alegria ) / ahly 0/1 semifinal 11th , zamalek / ahly 1/2 12th & 13th , ahly / zamalek 2/0 final 14th , ahly / etoile d'sahel ( tunisia ) 3/0
jeunesse sportive kairouanaise .
on 25 march 2008 he was decorated by the president of romania , traian băsescu with ordinul " meritul sportiv " — ( the order " the sportive merit " ) class ii for his part in winning the of 1986 european cup final .
the first world record in the women 's high jump was recognised by the fédération sportive féminine internationale ( fsfi ) in 1922 .
in his youth his sportive activities focused on swimming and track - and - field as well as handball .
the name cisitalia ( short for " consorzio industriale sportive italia " ) is the name of the company that ordered the model .
union sportive quillan haute - vallée or us quillan is a french rugby union club .
the first italian sportive stadium with artificial light and built in reinforced concrete has been home to italian giants juventus f.c. since 1923 ( the first game played at corso marsiglia was between juventus and modena for the federal championship , which the torinese side won 4–0 ) to 1933 , year which juventus was transferred to stadio mussolini .
in the club world cup of the same year , urawa became the first afc team to finish in third place , beating tunisian étoile sportive du sahel side on penalty kicks in the third / fourth place play off .
aside from assuming the presidency of the brdc , earl howe also served as vice - president of the fia 's commission sportive internationale , the governing body of international motorsport at the time .
it used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of tema youth and real sportive .
the service de l'aviation légère et sportive purchased ten examples for distribution to french aeroclubs .
the existing sports professionals of the time were being influenced by the organization of the sports and the realization of the importance of promoting the ideas of sports medicine , and at the winter olympics held in st moritz , switzerland in february 1920 , the association international medico - sportive ( aims ) was founded .
the small - toothed sportive lemur ( " lepilemur microdon " ) is a species of lemur in the lepilemuridae family .
mittermeier 's sportive lemur .
un käerjeng were formed in 1997 when union sportive bascharage merged with jeunesse hautcharage , representing the two main towns in the commune .
fédération sportive du travail d'alsace et de lorraine .
seal 's sportive lemur is found in northeastern madagascar , living in primary and secondary mid - altitude rainforests .
union royale sportive du centre is a belgian football club currently playing in the third division b since 2008 - 09 .
sportive : a road bicycle that favors comfort and stability over weight and race response .
association sportive de gien is a french association football club .
association sportive les marsouins , is a football ( soccer ) club from saint - leu , réunion island .
union sportive rumelange , usually abbreviated to us rumelange , is a football club , based in rumelange , in south - western luxembourg .
étoile sportive du sahel .
the parent club was founded in 1948 with the merger of two multi - sport clubs in lyon and vicinity ; asvel is an acronym combining the names of the predecessor clubs—"association sportive v'"illeurbanne " and " éveil l'"yonnais " .
the " han history bibliographies " record that , by the former han ( 206 bce – 8 ce ) , there was a distinction between no - holds - barred weaponless fighting , which it calls " shǒubó " ( 手搏 ) , for which " how - to " manuals had already been written , and sportive wrestling , then known as juélì or jiǎolì ( 角力 ) .
however , there is no restriction on the number of non - eligible players under contract with the club , nor on substitutes to avoid non - sportive constraints on the coaches ( potentially 3 + 8 at the end of a match ) .
on 25 march 2008 , he was decorated by the president of romania traian băsescu , with ordinul " meritul sportiv " — ( " the sportive merit " order ) class ii , for his part in winning the 1986 european cup .
the “ centre des sports ” ( sports centre ) is run by 18 specialised sports teachers and has four objectives : to supervise sports practices , to run the “ association sportive ” ( sports association ) , to supervise students in the top athletes sports section , and to coordinate technological research applied to sports equipments .
union sportive monastirienne ( , often referred to as " usm " or " usmo " ) , is a football club from monastir in tunisia .
the club was founded in the year 1947 as association sportive des patronages belfortains and was renamed in asm belfort 1971 after the fusion with us belfort .
espérance sportive de tunis from tunisia won that final , and became for the first time caf club champion .
as - police ( " association sportive police " ) is a nigerien football club based in niamey and sponsored by the nigerien national police service .
union sportive stade tamponnaise , is a football ( soccer ) club from le tampon , réunion island , founded in 1982 as the result of the fusion between s / s tamponnaise founded in 1922 and stade tamponnais founded in 1971 .
this was in memory of eugène adam ( 1840–1904 ) , a co - founder and president of the " société sportive d'encouragement " , an organisation which owned maisons - laffitte racecourse .
over the years , the issf has distanced itself from connotations of non - sportive uses of guns .
syam ben youssef ( born march 31 , 1989 in marseille ) is a french - born tunisian football player who is currently playing for espérance sportive de tunis in the tunisian ligue professionnelle 1 .
since 2004 : union sportive avignon le pontet ( nationale 2 )
r. union sportive tournaisienne history .
association sportive matelots is a cameroonian football club based in douala .
sportive event timings .
lemurs occurring here are the crowned lemur , northern sportive lemur , gray mouse lemur and sanford 's brown lemur .
commemorative insignia ( pins ) are created for each festival and are sold as pass - tickets to the museum and sportive manifestations for the whole duration of it .
real sportive .
main sportive activities practiced within idroscalo of milan are canoeing ( kayak , canoe , dragon boat , canoe - polo ) , rowing , sailing , swimming , and water skiing .
the club became a " société anonyme à objet sportif " and then a " société anonyme sportive professionnelle " , a status very similar to the general corporate status , albeit with restrictions like the impossibility to enter the stock market and the obligation to keep ties with the original association .
fusha sportive peqin is a multi - use stadium in peqin , albania .
issah began his career by real sportive and the black satellites defender who played by the toulon tournament in france earlier last year , has signed a two year contract with amazulu in the south african psl in january 2006 .
in the 16th century german fencing developed sportive tendencies .
sportive lemurs are solitary but defend their territory vehemently against same sex intruders .
he began his career 2002 by the togolese based club association sportive douanes and moved in january 2006 to sheriff tiraspol .
" fédération sportive du travail d'alsace et de lorraine " ( french for ' labour sports federation of alsace and lorraine ' , abbreviated fstal ) was a labour sports federation in alsace - lorraine during the interbellum period .
it is a relatively large sportive lemur with a total length of about 58 to 27 centimeters , of which 32 to 33 centimeters are tail .
asm oran ( association sportive musulmane d'oran ) ( ) is an algerian soccer club based in oran , founded in 1932 .
union sportive d'oyem is a gabonese football club based in oyem , woleu - ntem province , playing the top division of gabonese football , the gabon championnat national d1 .
abderrahmane started his career with the union sportive athlétique casablanca in 1948 , where he spent three seasons before moving to europe to join rc paris of the french first division , but it was his performances for ogc nice in 1953 that caught the eye of french selectors making his international debut against luxembourg in a world cup qualifier .
as soon as dervishi went for studies in tirana , he started taking part in the sportive activities that were held in the school and often was named among the excellent students in sports .
originally developed for sports production , the xt[2 ] is now present in nearly each ob van in all last big sportive events as fifa world cup , ifaf world cup , motogp and olympic games and is actually used in the biggest studio broadcasts such as nbc , france 2 , cctv and many others .
in 2005 the club became a sasp ( société anonyme sportive professionnelle ) , roughly equivalent to going on the stock exchange .
association sportive algrange is a french association football team .
on 25 march 2008 , duckadam was decorated by the president of romania , traian băsescu , with " ordinul " meritul sportiv " — ( " the sportive merit " order - class ii ) , for his part in winning the of 1986 european cup .
the association also has a football team , the sports association of the christian open door ( association sportive de la porte ouverte chrétienne ) .
amicale sportive dragons is a congolese football club based in kinshasa .
association sportive aixoise is a french football team playing in the city of aix - en - provence , bouches - du - rhône .
in 1976 the municipality of besançon decides to créate a sportive area in this site , for the new area , planoise .
union sportive des forces armées is a burkinabé football club based in ouagadougou .
in 1922 , the fia delegated the organisation of automobile racing to the commission sportive internationale ( csi ) , an autonomous committee that later became the fédération internationale du sport automobile ( fisa ) .
