the disadvantage of anthropic units is that they are often difficult to standardize .
both kde and gnome now participate in freedesktop.org , an effort to standardize unix desktop interoperability .
after heading a subsidiary railroad , he was put in charge of the prr machine shops in altoona , where he led efforts to standardize the prr 's tracks and cars .
cheeses from tenerife now have a quality mark promoted by the fundación tenerife rural , to standardize their quality in an attempt to publicize the qualities of the cheese and improve its marketing .
the usage of vista throughout the va has helped to standardize records , but there has until recently not been an easy way for accessing records from a different visn service area .
" periculoso " attempted both to " standardize " the lives of nuns from different houses and orders around the practice of " enclosure " and to demarcate distinctions between nuns and monks .
edm allows its clients to collect , standardize , consolidate , and manage information about their securities and products , customers , transactions , and other operations , to better manage the distribution of critical data to business applications .
both kde and gnome now participate in freedesktop.org , an effort to standardize unix desktop interoperability , although there is still some competition between them .
the goal of the uniform law is to standardize the law of trusts to a greater extent , given their increased use as a substitute for the " last will and testament " as the primary estate planning mechanism for the affluent .
in 1915 the u.s. post office , then under the auspices of the treasury department , began to standardize its local branches across the country .
1 . organize to protect cribbage players from exploitation , to standardize cribbage rules , and to promote the game of cribbage .
in some communities , hospitals attempt to standardize ehr systems by providing discounted versions of the hospital 's software to local healthcare providers .
by 403 bce , the by now internationally experienced city - state of athens had perceived a need to standardize the alphabet , so it officially adopted the ionic alphabet in that year .
this educational level is generalized throughout most of the country — except in very remote provinces , which expect to popularize and standardize middle education fully within the next few years .
project : check it ! was created at the university of michigan in order to standardize racial and ethnic categories on admissions applications .
the test pilot school was created to formalize and standardize test pilot training in order to reduce the high accident rate during the 1940s and increase the number of productive test flights .
since 2008 , in order to standardize the size of the football pitch for a international matches , the ifab has decided to set a fixed size of 105 m long and 68 m wide ( instead of a minimum and maximum length - from 100 m to 110 m - and a minimum and a maximum width - from 64 m to 75 m - as mentioned in the present text ) .
he was one of five developers who created the 10 gigabit ethernet media converter , in support of 10gea 's effort to standardize 10-gigabit ethernet .
the northern line was originally built as standard gauge , but in september 1919 it was decided to standardize on meter gauge and the northern line was regauged during the next ten years .
according to journal reports , mega purple is used by almost every low to moderate value wine producer ( below $ 20us/750-ml bottle ) to help standardize the bottled product ensuring a more uniform product .
many of the graduates of this school went on to found schools of their own in many other states , thus spreading the methods of gallaudet and clerc and serving to expand and standardize the language ; as with most languages though , there are regional variations .
iata class codes are 1-letter codes created to help airlines standardize conditions of travel on passenger tickets and other traffic documents
during the 1960s , mainframe and mini - computer manufacturers began to standardize around the 8-bit byte as their smallest datatype .
on june 29 , 2005 , the anime database was created to standardize anime series ' names on every user 's list .
mini - applications created with it were called " object packs " but later rebranded as " widgets " to standardize the term .
a number of attempts had been made from the 1920s onwards to standardize the language using a number of different alphabets .
upon obtaining the team in 1932 , marshall also pushed to standardize the schedule so that each team played the same number of games , that the teams be split into divisions with the winners meeting in the championship game , and that game gate receipts be split between the home team and the visitor on either a 60 - 40 split or a guaranteed amount of money , whichever was larger .
on may 21 , 1881 , the united states national lawn tennis association ( now the united states tennis association ) was formed to standardize the rules and organize competitions .
between 1937 and 1940 , attempts were made to standardize parts between krupp 's panzer iv and daimler - benz 's panzer iii .
discuss the transportation and proper care of guests ; 3 . create advertising and publicity for the association ; 4 . standardize practices ; and 5 .
these agencies promulgate policies and regulations that standardize industries , countries , and streamline international trade , products , and measurements .
a commission formed to standardize the macedonian language and orthography decided on december 4 , 1944—after a vote of 10 - 1—to adopt the letter .
the primary purposes of the act were to streamline the probate process and to standardize and modernize the various state laws governing wills , trusts , and intestacy .
in 1997 , to standardize the track with speedway motorsports ' other two ovals , the entire track was almost completely rebuilt .
argus software provides many software solutions that standardize the commercial real estate transaction process and asset management worldwide .
due to certain ceu providers not adhering to high standards , and the lack of standards for specific fields , there is sometimes a distrust of the value of a ceu , and accrediting organizations have been created to standardize what a ceu means .
recent initiatives to standardize information sharing protocols include extensible markup language ( " xml " ) , simple object access protocol ( " soap " ) , and web services description language ( " wsdl " ) .
the mim notation forms the basis of , and further development of the mim notation is coordinated with , the systems biology graphical notation ( sbgn ) consortium , an international effort to standardize diagrams depicting biochemical and cellular processes studied in systems biology .
most hobbyists prefer to standardize on all mediums .
the reason some companies prefer to process applications this way is to standardize the information they receive , as there can be many variables within a cv and , therefore , the company often does not get all the information they require at application stage .
it is overlaid by a hexgrid to standardize movement , and each hex is about 55 km across .
these were organized to better standardize clinical exams for licensure .
as typesetters found it easier to make one of the lines of type longer than to make the other lines shorter , word lengths tended to standardize on the longer spellings .
in 1980 , a group of musicians and music merchants met to standardize an interface by which new instruments could communicate control instructions with other instruments and the prevalent microcomputer .
an outgrowth was reengineering the center , an ongoing process that seeks to streamline operations and standardize maintenance processes .
a mandarin promotion council ( now called national languages committee ) was established in 1946 by chen yi ( 陳儀 ) to standardize and popularize the usage of standard mandarin in taiwan .
middle dutch had no such thing as it was not until the middle of the 16th century that efforts were made to standardize the language .
formed in april 1955 in englewood cliffs , new jersey to standardize dealership service in the united states , it grew to 909 volkswagen dealers in the us by 1965 under the leadership of dr. carl hahn .
since its inception there has been no attempt to further formalize or standardize the meaning of the undefined 115 nags
it seeks to standardize quality treatment for people with lymphedema across the united states , and provides advice to patients and health providers who seek to overturn a health insurer 's decision to deny coverage for lymphedema treatments .
in 1813 , the constitution eradicated the potter 's guild and revoked the ordinances established in 1653 to standardize production .
in an attempt to standardize the classification of bws , debaun et al . have defined a child as having bws if the child has been diagnosed by a physician as having bws and if the child has at least two of the five common features associated with bws ( macroglossia , macrosomia , midline abdominal wall defects , ear creases / ear pits , neonatal hypoglycemia ) .
exchange and access protocols are defined permitting these countries to read each other 's catalogues , and to standardize catalogue entries , thus making it easier for each national library to become aware of every possible published document which might concern their country .
as of 2007 , under the medicare prescription drug , improvement , and modernization act of 2003 , providers of hme / dmepos will be required to become third - party accredited to standards regulated by the centers for medicare and medicaid services ( cms ) in order to continue eligibility under medicare part b. this effort aims to standardize and improve the quality of service to patients provided by home medical equipment suppliers .
his current project is an attempt to create and standardize measurement tools as a means of understanding cities .
established in 1977 , the world baton twirling federation was formed to develop , encourage , and standardize the sport .
" kavirajamarga " is a guide to poets ( " kavishiksha " ) that aims to standardize these various styles .
the job in paris was relatively simple : to use the statistical techniques he had learned as a natural historian , studying molluscs , to standardize cyril burt 's intelligence test for use with french children .
bob katz proposed the k - system to measure audio levels and standardize dynamic range in recorded audio .
in an effort to drive interoperability and lower distribution costs , he and his team are now working to standardize key parts of ultravox , aol ’s own streaming technology platform .
he is best known as the first person to standardize evidence collection in cases of sexual assault , which until then was not done in a systematic fashion .
waea technical committee is trying to standardize the closed caption specification .
the pathé company in france also made imitations and variations of smith and williamson 's films from 1902 onwards using cuts between the shots , which helped to standardize the basics of film construction .
since the 1990s , the common european framework of reference for languages has tried to standardize the learning of languages across europe ( one of the first results being unicert ) .
by requiring this standard purchasing process through policy , the organization can limit waste and standardize the way purchasing is done .
acc will standardize , eliminate command layers and streamline corrections operations across the army .
the intent was that vendors would standardize their broadcast devices on a single protocol instead of each vendor offering proprietary protocols for their devices .
different state governments have tried to standardize this by introducing a suitable metric system through which official transactions take place and official records are kept .
it is not certain exactly how long it took for carbutt to standardize his process , but it occurred no later than 1888 .
in september , the chinese government chose windows to be the operating system of choice in that country , and entered into an agreement with the company to standardize a chinese version of the operating system .
the cavaliers drum and bugle corps were the first marching unit to use and standardize tonal bass drum tuning .
a regime such as itu serves simultaneously as a forum , a multilateral treaty , and a governing body to standardize telecommunications across countries efficiently .
building radios capable of coping with different chip rates ( and spectrum bandwidths ) is more complex than creating radios that only send and receive one size of carrier , so generally cdma based systems standardize both .
it may be used to standardize solutions of both weak and strong bases , with methyl red or methyl orange as the indicator .
there is a broader program to standardize the architecture of the various rc-135 aircraft , so that there will be greater commonality of parts , and some ability to switch missions : a cobra ball will be able to carry out some sigint missions of the rivet joint rc-135 .
in this regard , ddp itself may be better suited for sctp , and indeed a focus of the ietf has been to standardize rdma over sctp .
rather than invent and standardize new classes or learn foreign conjugations , english speakers simply applied the weak ending to the foreign bases .
unsafe and unreliable cooking of meat includes the use of microwave ovens , curing , drying , and smoking , as these methods are difficult to standardize and control .
in 1975 , the united states national institutes of health convened a conference to standardize the nomenclature of malformations .
nss works with provincial and territorial sar authorities to develop and standardize sar services .
since the format took more than a decade to slowly standardize , the competition from both high and low end video cameras has decimated the demand for 16 mm cameras for most non - professional usage .
the planning domain definition language ( pddl ) is an attempt to standardize planning domain and problem description languages .
although the american law institute has attempted to standardize tort law through the development of several versions of the restatement of torts , many states have chosen to adopt only certain sections of the restatements and to reject others .
the two divested 15 of their restaurants to other franchisees , converted one restaurant to a corporate training restaurant and set about establishing systems and operating standards designed to standardize company operations .
their concept was to standardize spaces and allow for rapid changes in medical facilities .
a description is never objective or neutral , and the goal is not to standardize descriptions or make one description once and for all for different target groups .
at the invitation of china ’s ministry of foreign affairs , the carter center initiated a joint project in 1998 to standardize chinese village election procedures and assist in training of election officials and elected national people ’s congress deputies .
it was the state 's first official flag and has remained unchanged since then except for the creation of a statute to standardize the production of the flag .
to help make this distinction , a mathematical formula has been devised to standardize a universal intelligence for comparison among various machine intelligence systems , although its usefulness and ability to be calculated may be in question .
in merck studies to determine the effectiveness of propecia as a hairloss treatment for fda approval , all subjects were required to use t / gel in order to standardize everyone 's shampoo regimen and to prevent seborrheic dermatitis from interfering with potential scalp regrowth .
increasingly influential industry certification programs such as iso9000 and the malcolm baldrige national quality award ( mbnqa ) as well as government regulatory requirements such as sarbanes - oxley have propelled organizations to standardize processes .
in 1917 , a commitment law was passed that was to standardize admissions to the institution by insuring that valuable space was used for the " feeble - minded " and not for the " insane " .
once induction motors became common , it was important to standardize frequency for compatibility with the customer 's equipment .
some large companies , such as alcatel , cisco , and nortel , develop ets systems internally to standardize and accelerate their test engineering activities , while others such as harris corporation and freescale semiconductor choose commercial off - the - shelf ets options for advantages that include test data management and report generation .
olshevsky is part of a collaborative effort to recognize and standardize terms used to describe uniform polychora and uniform polytopes , the analogues of uniform polyhedra in four and higher dimensions .
there have been attempts since the early 20th century to standardize the orthography by replacing all the vowel uses of " y " with " i " , the latest being a decision from the vietnamese ministry of education in 1984 .
he would improve and standardize training , weapons , armor and equipment .
however , the ongoing efforts to standardize the x11 system led to its introduction and widespread use on sun systems , and news never became widely used .
there are various efforts to standardize this concept also in the online world ( e.g. , digital postmarks ) .
dallam et al . asserted that rind et al . did not standardize their definition of child sexual abuse , leaving out certain studies that were appropriate , and including studies that were inappropriate .
since 2009 , lsm has been extended with new hooks which allowed tomoyo linux to standardize its mac ( for files only , at the moment ) .
jerry laiserin then helped popularize and standardize it as a common name for a digital representation of the building process to facilitate exchange and interoperability of information in digital format .
general midi ( gm ) was an attempt by the midi manufacturers ' association ( mma ) to standardize an instrument programme number map .
the united states had even more reason to standardize and mass produce than did the soviet union .
the monetary law of april 4 , 1836 attempted to standardize the coinage by establishing uniform fineness , weight , value , type , and denominations .
what if ” scenarios with salary adjustment projections , access to numerous standard and customizable templates to streamline the recruitment process , standardize the process for performance reviews , facilitate information - sharing with seamless integration to gp payroll and general ledger applications .
the goal of the t.h.a. is to " preserve and standardize a reliably gaited , light horse of exotic color . "
to standardize the pairwise differences , the mean or ' average ' number of pairwise differences is used .
later he would help to standardize xhosa grammar and writing , and then become a full - time author .
the indonesian air force are planning to standardize their existing f-16a / b-15ocu to f-16c / d variants by the end of 2009 and there is an option of purchasing new f-16c / ds to replace their retired , but in reserve , f-5e tiger ii 's .
more recently , he is known for his work with richard kahn , in which they have explored the politically oppositional potentials of new media and attempted to delineate what they term " multiple technoliteracies " as a movement away from the present attempt to standardize a corporatist form of computer literacy .
similarly , finding already - trained employees is a big concern for employers when deciding which office suite to purchase or standardize on .
furthermore , training courses under a program with washington state university have been completed for more than 800 employees from the jordan valley authority , water authority of jordan and ministry of water and irrigation to improve and standardize accounting systems , and to improve efficiency .
the minimum information about a simulation experiment ( miase ) is an effort to standardize the description of simulation experiments in the field of systems biology .
they would also standardize the amount of technology that could go into a car , as well as not allowing teams to develop their cars over a season , instead being forced to stay with the same basic car .
he then restructured existing programs , separating the former “ academic department ” into the college of arts and sciences and graduate school of arts and sciences , in accordance with a growing move to standardize college educations by the association of american universities .
with interlingua an objective procedure is used to extract and standardize the most widespread word or words for a concept found in a set of " control languages " : english , french , italian , spanish and portuguese , with german and russian as secondary references .
by 1976 , nato was ready to standardize on a small calibre round .
work has begun on plans to reach the level of nearly 160,000 tracking systems in the army within a few years ; recently the united states army , the united states marines corps have reached agreement to standardize on a new variant of the system to be called " joint battle command platform " .
the api subcommittee on well data retrieval systems was formed in 1962 to standardize well identification numbers .
through it orbeliani channeled his efforts to standardize a literary language , based on revival of archaic forms .
in perhaps an even broader effort , it created the international association of maritime universities , uniting 50 institutions around the world , in an effort to standardize both the level of education and the materials used .
the order is also called phalangiotarbida , the ending -ida originated when petrunkevitch ( 1955 ) tried to standardize the endings of the arachnid orders , which is unnecessary and unwarranted according to the iczn .
open vulnerability and assessment language ( oval ) is an international , information security , community standard to promote open and publicly available security content , and to standardize the transfer of this information across the entire spectrum of security tools and services .
the goal of the institute , expressed in its own literature , is to " systematize and standardize the body of ttm knowledge " , to " gather knowledge , revise , verify , classify , and explain ttm knowledge " , and to " compare and explain the philosophies and basic theories of ttm and to produce textbooks on ttm " .
since miners were paid by the ton , workers also wanted to standardize the size of coal wagons to ensure they were paid fairly .
marinating ingredients for their succulent chicken as well as sauces for all the outlets are manufactured in malaysia to standardize the taste everywhere .
nursing diagnoses are part of a movement in nursing to standardize the terminology involved .
the organizations involved in this effort felt that the creation of an open consortium focused exclusively on web3d would provide the structure necessary to stabilize , standardize , and nurture the technology for the entire community .
aims to standardize terminology , define basic requirements for services , and create a framework for interaction between customers and services providers .
more work will be required to standardize the use of the terms " art " and " fine art , " but for the purpose of this article the definition of " the arts " is not problematic , because it includes all the arts .
tivoli was a venture - backed startup that successfully competed with larger companies to redefine and standardize the technology behind network and systems management .
he and his staff at the pharmacy made pioneering attempts to standardize ayurvedic medicine in accordance with modern scientific methods .
for many evangelicals , he standardize the dominant style of counter - cult apologetics by refuting these claims using primary source material and historically valid biblical texts .
this function is integrated with hpi to help standardize automatic diagnosis and repair of fault conditions and to support on - line serviceability .
kollár influenced some of empress maria theresa 's reforms , including her ordinance " ratio educationis " in 1777 , which aimed to standardize teachnig methods , curricula , and textbooks .
in an effort to standardize the industry wide training of this team - based safety approach , the faa ( u.s. ) issued advisory circular 120 - 72 , maintenance resource management training in september 2000 .
akbar wanted to standardize the weights and measurements around the barley corn ( jau ) .
this , in itself , reflects the aim of the organization : to equalize and standardize across cultures .
in 1996 the aka ( american kite association ) , stack , and ajska ( all - japanese sport kite association ) formed the international rule book committee ( irbc ) to standardize rules and processes .
the second was to standardize the slightly different playing rules that had developed across the nation .
he invented the extension ladder and helped standardize shot size in guns .
in 1955 , the bell system attempted to standardize the process of naming exchanges by issuing a " recommended list " of names to be used for the various number combinations .
these and other adsa publications helped standardize practices internationally .
regulations made decades after this race would finally standardize the field to forty - three racing vehicles ; a far cry from the fairly unregulated days that the 1955 southern 500 took place in .
quality control in manufacturing these ceramic metal composites was hard to standardize .
he and his students helped standardize the korean language , based spelling and grammar of the vernacular .
anchieta was pioneer to transcripe and standardize the old tupi language , writing theology , religious instruction , theater and poetry , and the first published work on that language .
to standardize compensation , each rank is assigned a pay grade .
the cape town convention on international interests in mobile equipment and the protocol to the convention on international interests in mobile equipment on matters specific to aircraft equipment , together usually referred to as the cape town treaty , is an international treaty intended to standardize transactions involving movable property , particularly aircraft and aircraft engines .
there have been several frameworks developed to ease and standardize the process of logging for the java platform .
the poetry of chaucer , along with other writers of the era , is credited with helping to standardize the london dialect of the middle english language from a combination of the kentish and midlands dialects .
and describes how eml can be used to standardize the information
the expanded and refined damage indicators and degrees of damage standardize what was somewhat ambiguous .
unlike the nations of the world , who prefer to standardize their equipment , junk guild equipment is an eclectic mix of whatever they can afford , repair , or salvage .
this was the first attempt to standardize pitch on such a scale , and was known as the " diapason normal " .
ess also wished to standardize the student development web presence and make sure it complied with the web accessibility initiative ( wai ) .
the working group for planetary system nomenclature ( wgpsn ) was established in 1973 to standardize the naming scheme for mars and other bodies .
qing official zhu gui ( 1731 - 1807 ) , a grain tax circuit intendant of fujian in 1765 , strove to standardize the morality of the people with a " prohibition of licentious cults " .
in 1980 , a group of musicians and music merchants met to standardize an interface by which new instruments could communicate control instructions with other instruments and the prevalent microcomputer .
on 21 may 1881 , the united states national lawn tennis association ( now the united states tennis association ) was formed to standardize the rules and organize competitions .
in some cases , the goal of a master agreement is to standardize pay and benefit conditions in a market or industry so that employers compete on the grounds of quality services , quality products , or improved workplace safety .
the ministry of justice took commendable steps during the reporting period to standardize data on trafficking to obtain more precise statistics on sex and labor trafficking cases .
the map is overlaid by a hex grid to standardize movement , with a scale of 12 miles per hex .
the city council is also required to supervise , standardize or approve certain decisions made by the borough councils .
in order to attract foreign patients many indian hospitals are promoting their international quality of healthcare delivery by turning to international accreditation agencies to standardize their protocols and obtain the required approvals on safety and quality of care .
news industry text format ( nitf ) is an xml specification published by the international press telecommunications council that is designed to standardize the content and structure of individual text news articles .
enterprise test software ( ets ) is a type of software that electronics and other manufacturers use to standardize product testing enterprise - wide , rather than simply in the test engineering department .
its purpose is to record and to standardize the exchange of images with image metadata between digital cameras and editing and viewing software .
the " baker " shot produced so many unusual phenomena that two months later a conference was held to standardize nomenclature and define new terms for use in descriptions and analysis .
the result is that the entire project team can standardize on a common file format to exchange and review designs and sheet sets , at no additional cost .
an effort has been made by the worldvista team and members of the vista software alliance to standardize structure between the platform derivatives to allow for future interoperability , as part of the vision for a national healthcare network record system .
lockheed martin won a six - year , $ 500 million contract to capture and standardize data for the census .
paradoxically , the printed word also helped to unify and standardize the spelling and syntax of these vernaculars , in effect ' decreasing ' their variability .
dr hartstein is chair of the fia institute 's medical training working group , which aims to standardize training and practices of motorsport doctors , based on the most up - to - date trauma training techniques .
a recent effort to standardize assessment of functional cns damage has been suggested by an experienced fasd diagnostic team in minnesota .
webster hoped to standardize american speech , since americans in different parts of the country used different languages .
website portals such as transl8it have supported a community of users to help standardize this text speak by allowing users to submit translations , staking claim with their user handle , or to submit top messages and guess the lingo phrases .
this would allow not only for significant downloadable content , such as new levels , maps , weapons , challenges and characters , to be downloaded quickly and stored , but also would make it possible to standardize bandwidth intensive features such as voice communication .
one of the primary goals is to standardize connections for small form factor hard disk drives such as 1-inch microdrives .
through the royal ordonnance of october 7 , 1732 , de vallière endeavoured to reorganize and standardize the king 's artillery .
the kaba aye complex also underscores the failure of u nu to standardize and institutionalize buddhism .
the trinitarian view has been affirmed as an article of faith by the nicene ( 325/381 ) and athanasian creeds ( circa 500 ) , which attempted to standardize belief in the face of disagreements on the subject .
recently , the united states army , the united states marines corps have reached agreement to standardize on a shared system , to be called " joint battle command platform " , which will be derived from the army 's fbcb2 system that was used by the united states army , the united states marines corps , and the army of the united kingdom during heavy combat operations in iraq in 2003 .
trials are still ongoing to standardize the procedures of choice for definitive management of migraine headaches , but there have been successful guidelines for surgical therapy , which are being used by several migraine surgery specialists around the globe .
for development systems , we strictly define and standardize the board size , connector type and position , electrical properties , and other characteristics .
on november 23 , 1876 , representatives from harvard , yale , princeton , and columbia met at the massasoit house in springfield , massachusetts to standardize a new code of rules based on the rugby game first introduced to harvard by mcgill university in 1874 .
it was not until the late 1980s that international sporting federations , of which the ioc was a member , began to coordinate efforts to standardize the drug testing protocols .
these were organized to better standardize clinical exams for licensure .
as in years past , this was done in order to further standardize supply and save costs , as both were considered compact , high - calorie meals that were designed for use by active soldiers in the field .
future versions will likely standardize and enable automation for implementing and changing security settings of corresponding sp 800 - 53 rev1 controls .
any rights and obligations accorded to the global citizen come from the citizens themselves , growing public favor for “ universal rights , ” the rise of people migrating around the world , and an increasing tendency to standardize citizenship .
in consumer level equipment , the nominal level varies , but some standardize to 0 vu = −10 dbv .
in r , cov2cor ( ) will standardize the matrix .
5 ) standardize your independent variables .
either way , this approach enables mailers to centralize and standardize barcode creation on the production floor using the original data files — without impacting the upstream business applications .
some applications standardize on utc to avoid problems with clock shifts and time zone differences .
in 2004 , a group of international uveitis specialists convened in baltimore , md , to standardize the method of reporting data in uveitis clinical trials , including anatomical classification .
first , standardize all of the polynomials so that their leading coefficients are
phison is a member of the open nand flash interface working group , which aims to standardize the hardware interface to nand flash chips .
open systems interconnection ( osi ) is an effort to standardize networking that was started in 1977 by the international organization for standardization ( iso ) , along with the itu - t.
the strong camp court launched a project to codify laws for the camp in 1946 and led a movement to standardize law for all the sh'erit ha - pletah in the u.s. zone of germany .
1 . let formula_96 be the covariance matrix of formula_74 . standardize formula_74 to
verisk analytics is an american financial services firm based in jersey city , new jersey , that provides information and analytical tools for mortgage and insurance companies , to better help them identify risks and standardize procedures .
the reichsluftfahrtministerium ( rlm ) had a system for aircraft designation which was an attempt by the aviation bureaucracy of the third reich to standardize and produce an identifier for each aircraft type produced in germany .
this standard car structure also allowed pullman to standardize various mechanical systems , resulting in improved reliability in addition to the greater strength and safety of the steel cars .
there is a updm ( uml profile for dodaf and modaf ) effort within the omg to standardize the representation of dodaf products when uml is used .
anpa-1312 is a 7-bit news agency text markup specification published by the newspaper association of america , designed to standardize the content and structure of text news articles .
the spelling of the city name was changed to " pittsburg " in 1891 due to an effort by the united states government to standardize the spelling of place names in the united states .
the two 6-door cars in each set are due to be replaced by a new build of 4-door trailer cars between february 2010 and august 2011 , to standardize door spacing ahead of the introduction of platform doors on all yamanote line stations by 2017 .
the purpose of this formation was to standardize regulations and rules , but insufficient support was given and the association was terminated in 1947 .
in ecology , rarefaction is a technique to standardize and compare species richness computed from samples of different sizes .
the overall effect was to standardize teaching and the use of kanji in modern literature and media .
to avoid these traps , it was considered useful to standardize export credit conditions and to monitor matching and tied aid credits .
evidence from the early technical literature concerning electrical recording suggests that it was n't until the 1942–1949 period that there were serious efforts to standardize recording characteristics within an industry .
epa decided to standardize on the new boeing 737 in the 1970s .
its purpose , at that time was to standardize martial disciplines and systems throughout japan .
in the centuries following the tiberian mesorah , there were ever - increasing efforts to document and standardize the details of the " parashah " divisions , especially for the torah , and even for nevi'im and ketuvim as time went on .
ronald colle and his collaborators have maintained , expanded and improved radioactivity measurement standards for radium-226 and radon-222 to address the requirements to measure these nuclides in drinking water . r.colle and collaborators developed methods to analyse and standardize brachytherapy sources , pellets of radioactive material designed to be implanted in the body at site requiring direct radiation exposure .
this also marked the beginning of jnr 's effort to standardize their rolling stock .
esc is now pursuing a major initiative to standardize and upgrade c2isr capabilities at air operations centers , with the goal of realizing the aerospace operations center of the future .
doug armati undertook seminal independent research work on digital copyright issues at murdoch university in western australia in 1990 - 91 before taking a leading role in international efforts to standardize the identification of digital objects .
the charter was also supposed to standardize previously diverse laws throughout the country and gear them towards a single principle of liberty .
the paratroopers tried to fix the problem by sewing canvas patches on the elbows and knees , but the army sought to standardize a better uniform .
education for employment involves technical skills necessary to the performance of work through the formation of " labor competences " , which is a colombian strategy to standardize and certify human resource , expanding and diversifying the formation and training of human resources .
three years later , legislation would formalize and standardize the numbering , establishing the class 7170 as consisting of these two locomotives , dubbed 7170 and 7171 .
there was an effort by isesco to standardize ajami usage .
( the most common is to standardize the lock acquisition sequences so that combinations of inter - dependent locks are always acquired and released in a specifically defined " cascade " order ) .
in 1896 , the democratic party wanted to standardize the value of the dollar to silver and opposed a monometallic gold standard .
recently there have been attempts to standardize and simplify the script , e.g. by using " x " for and a single " s " for ; then one would write " baxa " for ( " she kisses " ) and " basa " for ( " low " ) .
this was part of a wider move to standardize latvian usage in schooling and professional and governmental sectors .
for medicine , this period is best known for the flexner report ( 1910 ) that rated medical schools and gave a major boost to the ama leadership and elite physicians who were trying to upgrade and standardize medical education .
in 1980 , ichbiah left cii - hb and founded the alsys corporation in la celle - saint - cloud , which continued language definition to standardize ada 83 , and later went into the ada compiler business , also supplying special validated compiler systems to nasa , the us army , and others .
.- granting universities in the united states to strengthen and standardize american doctoral programs .
that was just in time for the us navy who had been looking for a new high - speed system for the next generation computer resources ( ngcr ) project for passing sonar data around in their newly designed seawolf class submarines , and they said they would standardize on futurebus if only a " few " more changes would be made .
studios 6 and 7 are equipped with digital speaker management systems that standardize digital feedback elimination , ensure accurate sound quality , and allow studio - to - studio link for multi studio audio communication .
the possibility to standardize replaceable battery packs should also be considered .
some benefits of an automotive tsb are that by widely circulating among dealership service departments and mechanics an engineering - level description and solution for a problem common to type , year , make or model of car , a well - managed tsb process can save technicians troubleshooting time , provide and organized , itemized repair procedures , and standardize the repair process .
in order to standardize the education that these working young adults received in reading , writing , and math , the state of wisconsin promoted the creation of city vocational schools .
these were organized to better standardize clinical exams for licensure .
cloveretl is a java - based data integration framework used to transform , cleanse , standardize and distribute data to applications , databases or warehouses .
the scientific and technical information ( sti ) managers of the government 's major research and development ( r&d ) agencies worked within cosati to standardize guidelines for cataloging and indexing technical reports .
in order for the corps to send marines to accommodate new perils , recommendations were made to standardize and relate all their training for modern warfare .
the 88open consortium was an industry standards group set up by motorola in 1988 to standardize unix systems on their motorola 88000 risc processor systems .
ipc , the association connecting electronics industries ( formerly known as the institute for interconnecting and packaging electronic circuits ) , is an organization whose aim is to standardize the assembly and production requirements of electronic equipment and assemblies .
the inr was devised to standardize the results
the move was made to standardize and simplify voting results across the province .
the goal is to promote the science of mineralogy and to standardize the nomenclature of the 4000 plus known mineral species .
the project team uses colored markers to show the pdsa cycle ( shewhart cycle ) plus the sdsa cycle ( sdsa = standardize , do , study , act ) .
westinghouse electric decided to standardize on a lower frequency to permit operation of both electric lighting and induction motors on the same generating system .
the desktop linux ( dtl ) workgroup has been carried forward from the open source development lab ( osdl ) into the linux foundation to promote , protect , and standardize desktop linux .
in 2002 , the y chromosome consortium published a widely used proposal to standardize the naming of all y chromosome haplogroups .
disodium edta is commonly used to standardize aqueous solutions of transition metal cations .
additional objectives of clinical guidelines are to standardize medical care , to raise quality of care , to reduce several kinds of risk ( to the patient , to the healthcare provider , to medical insurers and health plans ) and to achieve the best balance between cost and medical parameters such as effectiveness , specificity , sensitivity , resolutiveness , etc .
as the war continued , the union army began to standardize the uniform worn by its regiments .
