however , this period was dominated by fos williams ' port adelaide , winning seven premierships , including an amazing six in a row from 1954 - 59 ( although the 1959 premiership was won under the stewardship of geof motley as captain - coach ) .
richardson would later resurface as the chairman of bridlington town football club and later the self - styled " benefactor " of doncaster rovers f.c. ; bridlington town went bankrupt during his stewardship , with fans of the club accusing richardson of gross financial mismanagement .
this framework provides a guideline for economic development but also environmental stewardship .
zone and district leaders are responsible for gathering weekly statistics , assisting missionaries in their areas of responsibility , and general accountability to the mission president for the well - being and progress of the missionaries under his stewardship .
the marine stewardship council ( msc ) has developed an environmental standard for sustainable and well - managed fisheries .
macbeth inherited the stewardship of moray and married gruoch .
it seems that their combined stewardship was far from satisfactory , as the government noted that his estates were ruinous and his deer parks so dilapidated that he was allowed to hunt in royal parks .
mark pigott has been a strong supporter of environmental stewardship .
the conservation ethic advocates for wise stewardship and management of natural resource production for the purpose of protecting and sustaining biodiversity in species , ecosystems , the evolutionary process , and human culture and society .
is a new scheme following the same format as the entry level stewardship schemes , which will be launched in 2010 , with the first agreements running from 1 july 2010 .
protection agency region ix - 2007 environmental award , women of spirit award , and los angeles children 's council leading boldly award , southcoast air quality management district environmental stewardship award , 2007 us western pollution prevention hero , and prevention magazine hero .
the latter body is a nonprofit stewardship organization , which is dedicated to fostering the health and diversity of the san francisquito watershed .
in 1968 under the stewardship of s / sgt alan dobison the aac harrogate football team of scott sqn became the 1st aac team to retain the army aac 's fa cup .
the claremont canyon conservancy provides stewardship and educational programs to its members and the public regarding the 500-acre , mostly wildland , claremont canyon at the oakland / berkeley border in northern california .
the mission of the unit is to play a stewardship role in the preservation and proper archiving of its information resources and to ensure their optimal accessibility to the research community .
the company remains under the general stewardship of anthony hewitt , who up until march 2009 acted as chairman and chief executive and sits on the group board .
it also teaches that everyone is entitled to " personal " revelation with respect to his or her stewardship .
in 2007 , marin organic launched its newest program salmon safe – a certification program designed to verify local producers’ environmental stewardship of waterways and riparian habitats .
the mission of three rivers is , " [ t]o promote environmental stewardship through recreation and education in a natural resources - based park system . "
she thought that voters would elevate her to the governorship based on her stewardship of the second office , sometimes called " light governor " in louisiana .
elected to parliament in 1972 , the former premier established the island as a major offshore financial center , and under sir john ’s stewardship the government completed in excess of 20 major projects .
rognvald asked king magnus for his third part of the earldom , and magnus agreed , giving him three ships and granting him the stewardship of magnus 's own third share .
under the stewardship of rev. pope , the school grew from strength to strength .
habitat and stewardship .
recognizing that scorm had acquired an international constituency across a broad spectrum of markets , the adl in 2005 determined that an " international collaborative approach " was required in order to meet the needs of the scorm user base , and resolved that " an international stewardship organisation shall be established and become fully functional within a three year period . "
the u.s. epa granted stewardship responsibilities to the conservancy for a 40.5-acre ( 16.4 ha ) marsh and upland area on the federal government - owned section of the grosse ile municipal airport .
in 2001 , in the wake of more than two decades of industrial decline and decay , with funding for the effort provided by chicago wilderness " via " the illinois conservation foundation , chicago department of environment and fellow service providers , such as illinois department of natural resources , chicago park district , forest preserve district of cook county — among others — formed the " calumet initiative " to better coordinate their education and stewardship programs in the nearly of open space in the calumet region of chicago and northwest indiana .
choseng trungpa , the twelfth trungpa tulku , along with the other tulkus and leaders of surmang , asked him to assume stewardship of the surmang monasteries and their people .
promoting river stewardship .
these practices contributed to the collins companies becoming the first privately - owned forest products company in the united states to become certified by the forest stewardship council .
over the years , the buildings and properties committee of cornell 's board of trustees has maintained the stewardship of campus planning supported by a vice president for planning , and in recent years , a.
in 2008 , in the u.s. , rb was one of 40 companies awarded champion status in the safer detergents stewardship initiative ( sdsi ) .
it is one of the main research providers to the scottish government and currently about 75% of the macaulay 's income is related to commissioned research programmes , principally on " land use and rural stewardship " .
rather than spending money on legal expenses , we are able to spend money in ways that will help the environment in addition to the extensive environmental stewardship package we already had with the intercounty connector .
always ready to respond to emerging needs , acterra 's programs currently address global warming , land stewardship , and leadership development .
at the beginning of charlie sharp 's stewardship , the deadlines were 3 weeks apart .
our mission is to educate students for christian stewardship of sustainable agricultural and environmental systems throughout the world .
in 1899 he moved to milan to become editor of the daily " il tempo " , which under his stewardship became a leading voice for greater democracy and the italian reformist socialist movement .
the party is socially conservative and , in its program , supports : human rights , a pro - life stance , freedom and in particular religious freedom , the centrality of the family , democracy , economic liberalism , solidarity , subsidiarity , meritocracy and stewardship .
kb home currently faces several consumer class - action lawsuits that focus on sales and financing practices put into place under karatz 's stewardship .
under griersons ' stewardship , festival records acquired michael gudinski 's 51% share of mushroom records to become festival mushroom records in 1999 .
the u.s. military provided arms and logistical support to these units , which proved effective under minister al - naqib ’s stewardship in fighting alongside u.s. forces against sunni insurgents and shiite militias .
from that data , the alliance works with its scientific partners to advise educators and policy makers on wise stewardship of the oceans to : reduce pollution , prevent the collapse of marine mammal populations , maintain human access to fish and other sea life , and benefit ocean and human health .
the latter is extremely important , as wildlife and conservation education are incumbent upon any animal stewardship organization , including sanctuaries .
sir kevin spent 15 years teaching in liverpool and four ( 4 ) years as a head teacher in wolverhampton , but it is his stewardship of thomas telford over the past 10 years that has put him in the spotlight .
environmental stewardship .
nick briefly worked at freestylin ' magazine where a 14 year old spike jonze was an aspiring photographer under the stewardship of windy osborne , freestyle bicycle rider r.l. osborne 's sister .
he made his league of ireland debut on 1 december 1991 for his hometown club waterford united under the stewardship of alfie hale .
this group is placed within the historical tradition of confucianism and yangban scholars whose creation can be dated towards the end of the goryeo dynasty ; and that continues through the republican post-1945 and contemporary period ; and which is represented by a controlling benevolent stewardship of the politics and economy of korea by seniors or the older urban - dwelling elements of the population which crosses class , religious , party , and political lines .
supporters also point out that alderman moore 's stewardship of the 49th ward has acted as a brake to unbridled development , thus mitigating the effects of gentrification .
most work for stockpile stewardship is undertaken at united states department of energy national laboratories , mostly at los alamos national laboratory , sandia national laboratories , lawrence livermore national laboratory , the nevada test site , and department of energy productions facilities , employing around 27,500 personnel for the work and costing billions of dollars per year .
throughout 2005 - 2009 the firm has undergone significant restructuring under the stewardship of peter crossley ( the current managing partner ) .
understanding and practicing sound stewardship of natural resources and environmental protection strengthens scouting 's emphasis on respecting the outdoors .
for environmental stewardship in the water industry as exemplified by the project , process or organization that best reflects the ability of a water / wastewater plant to leave a small environmental footprint . "
are the marine stewardship council and coastnet .
a broader concept of stewardship is illustrated in jesus’ parable of the “ talents ” , which refer to an amount of amount of money but by implication ( and by common use of the word in english as “ abilities ” ) .
under sheldon 's stewardship , the school became coeducational ( in 1974 ) and began admitting students of color .
jordan also maintains that , while children are indeed blessings , they are only one among a wide range of blessings god offers , and prayerfully choosing foci among them is part of prudent christian stewardship .
it moved to melbourne in early 2005 under the stewardship of newly appointed ceo helen marston .
spears distills greenleaf ’s ( 1977/2002 ) instrumental means into ten characteristics : listening , empathy , healing , awareness , persuasion , conceptualization , foresight , stewardship , commitment to the growth of people , and building community ( pp .
lord mace tyrell rules over the castle , but with him currently leading an army in the siege of storm 's end , the castle is currently under the stewardship of lord mace 's son and heir , willas .
while modern expectations and needs mean that all the farmers also own land outside the open fields , the open fields are not part of a museum or showcase , but a living part of the agricultural landscape . the system is protected today by a parliamentary undertaking given by the crown estate commissioners on their 1981 purchase of the laxton estate , and by a countryside stewardship agreement held between the court leet and the then - countryside commission .
at retirement they were offered tenure of stewardship of royal forests at the king ’s choosing .
yet , in spite of the best stewardship , the average mass of the worldwide ensemble of prototypes and the mass of the ipk have likely diverged another µg since the third periodic verification years ago .
waldburg - capustigall was a stewardship — later a county — located in southeastern baden - württemberg , germany .
skyline high school has committed to “ minimize its energy use , reduce negative environmental impacts and promote environmental stewardship . ”
on the 13th september 2004 , whilst nearly four months under mr. ogden 's stewardship , east african safari air and east african safari air express were placed in receivership , after only us$ 2,000,000/= was purportedly paid in by four ninety investments limited , only one third of the us$ 6,000,000/= required for the airline 's recovery needs .
using factor analysis , they found the nim yielded two factors , which they called " nature inclusiveness " and " nature stewardship " .
he was brought up in a youth team that consisted the likes of jack lester , john oster and daryl clare , and under the stewardship of long serving manager alan buckley .
one of the main demands to kimberly - clark and other large customers of canadian logging companies operating in ancient forests is to turn to the forest stewardship council ( fsc ) , a performance based forest certification program supported by local communities , environmental organizations , aboriginal groups , and industry .
it was under their stewardship that the area was farmed more formally , being planted with oaks , fruit trees and vineyards .
it was awarded because " he progressively pushed the envelope on technology and innovation ... generously shared his yachting experience with his employees and charitable organizations ... plus his life - time commitment to stewardship of the environment "
the goal is to create a ground breaking approach in corporate resource stewardship , where the company takes responsibility for the improvement of the ecological status of the rivers and streams rather than focusing solely on impact mitigation .
stewardship was later passed to the congregation of christian brothers .
the mission society is a member of the evangelical council for financial accountability ( ecfa ) , accreditation agency dedicated to helping christian ministries earn the public ’s trust through adherence to seven standards of responsible stewardship .
natural resources stewardship project .
lady hastings was succeeded in her stewardship of the fitzwilliam heritage by her capable and judicious son , sir philip naylor - leyland , bt .
nif 's main objective will be to operate as the flagship experimental device of the so called nuclear stewardship program , supporting llnls traditional bomb - making role .
the first , " the stewardship " was completed in 1994 and portrays the values of famous aviator charles lindbergh .
from then on , gurukul became a centre for continuing and extension education for the churches in india under the stewardship of dr. k. rajaratnam , a visionary and dynamic leader .
at the end of " lady friday " , arthur granted dame primus stewardship of the great maze and the middle house , although he retained the fifth key .
during the stewardship of bobby mandrell , a small group of regular customers got together to form an amateur act , called the saint george 's ladyboyz , who performed a variety of fast paced routines , ballads , comedy sketches and numerous audience participation sketches .
a promising direction is the independent certification programs for sustainable fisheries conducted by organisations such as the marine stewardship council and friend of the sea .
the station achieved some degree of success under joseph 's stewardship .
stewardship .
1999 science , conservation and stewardship : evolving codes of conduct in archaeology .
stewardship of creation : the world 's goods are available for humanity to use only under a " social mortgage " which carries with it the responsibility to protect the environment .
aponte has maintained a sense of stewardship toward puerto ricos 's statehood quest .
as of 2008 brett eckstein currently works as executive director of tire stewardship manitoba .
the college welcomes applications from ' all parents who are seeking an educational experience for their children based on christian values , social enterprise , and the belief that ‘ everyone is gifted and everyone matters’. young people are encouraged to reflect on moral values and ‘ aspire not to have more but to be more’ ( archbishop oscar romero ) and to live out five core values of ' honourable purpose , respect , compassion , co - operation and stewardship .
without their stewardship , there would not have been a dallas opera . "
in october 2003 and again in june 2005 , the mccain - lieberman climate stewardship act failed a vote in the us senate .
the first three of these seasons the club was managed by graeme souness , the later six under the stewardship of walter smith .
one of the best known certification programs is marine stewardship council 's scheme for consumer seafood products .
in addition to land stewardship , the organization is also active in conservation partnerships , community supported agriculture ( csa ) , environmental and conservation education , community preservation and development , and green building .
oshi had been meant for ieyasu 's fourth son tadayoshi ; however , as tadayoshi was still young , the fief was entrusted to ietada 's stewardship .
two of the most recent of its 12 branches - coolidge corner and newton have received silver and gold certifications respectively under the leed internationally recognized certification system that measures how well a building or community performs across all the metrics that matter most : energy savings , water efficiency , co2 emissions reduction , improved indoor environmental quality , and stewardship of resources and sensitivity to their impacts .
carbon projects are developed for reasons of voluntary environmental stewardship , as well as legal compliance under a greenhouse gas cap & trade program .
this would be true ecosystem self - design and self - management partnered with human stewardship .
military training resumed at the diliman campus during the school year 1949 - 50 under the stewardship of major castillo .
edmonton is known for its exceptional environmental stewardship , strong life - science sector , and burgeoning high - tech industry economy .
marine stewardship council .
in response to criticism regarding the environmental impact of smithfield 's concentrated animal feeding operation facilities under mr. luter ’s leadership , smithfield has attempted a new approach to environmental stewardship .
by 2005 , a total of had been secured , of which were permanently secured via acquisition , land donation , conservation easement , or crown land transfer ; were in stewardship ; and are in the scope of various agreements , including leases , conservation agreements , and land use agreements .
it is the mission of the gibbs house for environmental research and education to create and maintain an educational environment that promotes stewardship for the earth through experience and ethics .
reviewing his stewardship of cup in 1953 an eve - of - retirement memo to the governing body ( which duly recorded ucc ’s gratitude for his generosity and long service to the press )
northey ran on a platform of expanding opportunities in renewable energy , promoting conservation and stewardship , and telling the story of iowa agriculture .
the committee for balanced stewardship is predominately funded by logging and mining companies .
in that year , the senator voted to increase offshore oil drilling , to include provisions for drilling in the arctic national wildlife refuge in the house budget amendment , to deny funding for low - income energy assistance and for environmental stewardship , and effectively to exempt army corps of engineers project analyses from independent review .
aswp is dedicated to the stewardship of both beechwood farms and todd nature reserves , which together total over of land .
from on board the iss , the agricultural camera will take frequent images in response to requests from farmers , ranchers , foresters , natural resource managers , and tribal officials of the region to help improve their environmental stewardship of the land for which they are responsible .
when the ownership of the mapúa institute of technology was transferred in the year 1999 to the yuchengco group of companies ( ygc ) under the stewardship of the ambassador alfonso t. yuchengco ; great amount of face lifting was undertaken to make the facilities of mapúa at par with international standards and great amount of effort was cultivated to further strengthen the academic programs of the institution .
ultimately , land management and stewardship is a municipal responsibility , so that " decisions on the appropriate levels of protection and land uses are the responsibility of the local municipality " .
in 1999 , swri was contracted by los alamos national laboratory ( lanl ) to adapt nessus for application to extremely large and complex weapon reliability problems in support of its stockpile stewardship program .
bernard and shirley are widely heralded for their stewardship of art , books and manuscripts that document and tell the remarkable story of african americans ' triumphs and struggles from 1632 to present .
as a framework , it contains many ideas derived from sound ethics , but places the alectors firmly in a stewardship role over their subjects , in some sense like the attitudes of victorian england .
product stewardship regulations required producers to assume responsibility for removing their products from the waste stream .
the green bible is meant to be a study bible , and features a “ green trail study guide ” of the bible , directing readers to specific verses on the environment and stewardship
since 2000 , the town ’s forest has been certified according to the forest stewardship council ’s ( fsc ) criteria .
it should be steering the stewardship and accountability systems that ensure that the organization is conducting its business in an appropriate , ethical manner .
organizations alleged by the blog to be astroturfs include friends of science , natural resources stewardship project , global climate coalition , and international climate science coalition .
in 2008 niall was not a part of fermanagh 's resurgence under the stewardship of malachy o'rourke , instead pursuing an acting career in glasgow .
" tidelands resource council is the public body responsible for the stewardship of the state 's riparian lands ; that it is the responsibility of the council to determine whether applications for the lease , license , or grant of riparian lands are in the public interest ; that it is the responsibility of the council to determine , in assessing applications for the lease , license , or grant of riparian lands , whether the state may have a future use for such lands ; that the council must obtain the fair market value for the lease , license or grant of riparian lands in accordance with court decisions and legal opinions of the attorney general . "
the lower penn ’s creek watershed association ’s central purpose is to protect , conserve , and improve the lower penn ’s creek watershed by promoting the wise stewardship of the land and aquatic resources .
under his stewardship the eels won the pre - season cup ( wills cup ) , the club 's maiden first - grade title , and fell one game short of making their first grand final appearance .
through land acquisition , conservation easements , restoration and stewardship , alc has secured hundreds of thousands of acres for wildlife habitat , working landscapes , parks and open space across the united states .
under bremer ’s stewardship the cpa requested $ 12 billion in cash from the us treasury .
it teaches that anyone can receive revelations for that area of stewardship that they are responsible for .
members of the ecfa must adhere to seven standards of responsible stewardship including high standards of accountability in fundraising , financial disclosure , confidentiality of donor information , and the use of resources .
in 2007 , plimer was listed as an " allied expert " for the natural resources stewardship project , a canadian advocacy group that opposes the kyoto protocol .
our stewardship of financial and human resources will be characterized by fiduciary responsibility .
in 2005 the scheme was superseded by environmental stewardship and closed to new entrants .
the principles of agrarianism ( i.e. , preserving the small family farm , open land , the conservation of natural resource , and stewardship of the land ) are central to a traditionalist 's understanding of rural life .
he was not about to risk the stewardship of moray for his former employer and current ally .
globally , the two largest umbrella certification programs are the forest stewardship council ( fsc ) and the programme for the endorsement of forest certification schemes programs ( pefc ) .
on january 21 , 2010 , doe and nyserda issued the final environmental impact statement for decomissioning and/or long - term stewardship at the west valley demonstration project and western new york nuclear service center .
the party 's reputation for economic stewardship was dealt a blow by black wednesday in 1992 , in which billions of pounds were spent in an effort to keep the pound within the european exchange rate mechanism ( erm ) system at an overvalued rate .
csu , chico university printing services has been awarded forest stewardship council chain - of - custody by scientific certification systems ( certificate number scs - coc-001517 ) , supporting csu , chico ’s campuswide commitment to sustainability .
a goal of long - term , effective stewardship requires understanding and integrating local needs .
some believe that strategies of conservation , stewardship , and regeneration can be applied at all levels of scale from the individual building to the community , with benefit to the human individual and local and planetary ecosystems .
nations now more fully recognize the imperative to promote widespread adoption of renewable energy , such as biofuels , wind , solar , geothermal , and hydro energies , into their countries ' energy mix to promote sustained economic growth , social development , and environmental stewardship .
the mission of the nicodemus wilderness project is : " to educate humanity , especially our youth , about the importance of protecting the wild lands and waters that sustain earth 's biodiversity and ecosystems , by working together on environmental stewardship and conservation efforts . "
the business and finance side thrived under his strong - armed stewardship .
under earl howe 's 35-year stewardship , the brdc went from private dining club to one of the most successful and high profile motor sport associations in the world .
in 1979 , the winery hired david lake as head winemaker and under his stewardship , columbia winery was the first winery in the state of the washington to produce varietal wines of cabernet franc , pinot gris and syrah .
an active speaker and author , samra has written extensively on the subject of ecumenism , christian leadership and stewardship .
provide opportunities for quality wildlife - dependent education and interpretation ( under special use permit ) and enhance public understanding , appreciation , and stewardship of the natural resources .
typically , a single system has responsibility for stewardship of data and federates only the necessary data to systems serving other layers or domains .
" the indo - pacific conservation alliance is dedicated to the study and conservation of the native ecosystems of the tropical indo - pacific region and support for traditional peoples in their stewardship of these globally significant natural resources . "
their major product is a system called control intelligence system ( cis ) , which is used in timber supply chains to ensure traceability , allow compliance checking , and enhance efficiency of certification systems such as the forest stewardship council scheme .
he went into stewardship , and was shortly afterwards named political commissaire of the 2nd international brigade with the rank of captain .
the new stewardship thinking in disciples ' generous response is referred to indirectly in the book of doctrine and covenants 162:7c as " the principle of generosity , rightly interpreted for a new time . "
the classic development program at institutions of higher learning include prospect identification , prospect research and verification of the prospect 's viability , cultivation , solicitation , and finally stewardship , the latter being the process of keeping donors informed about how past support has been used .
through private property rights and market incentives , we can encourage good stewardship of natural resources and protect environmental quality .
terracycle has since been named one of the 100 most innovative companies by red herring magazine and has received the environmental stewardship award from home depot canada .
manitoba water stewardship .
through every period of stewardship , from the first chairperson of the preparatory committee , dr. vivien yen , to the present chairperson of the board of trustees , dr. cecilia koo ; and under the leadership of all of the school ’s presidents , st. john ’s university has always had at its heart the spirit of the episcopal church .
the united states postal service has a long record of environmental stewardship , and has integrated sustainability throughout the organization .
approximately 70% of the roads and bridges were built under his stewardship .
in addition to its land stewardship interns , inhf employs college students in a variety of different positions .
during webre ’s stewardship , the company has emphasized creativity and invention , as well as versatility .
carolina farm stewardship association .
adrp strives to provide its membership with tools to assist with the development of successful stewardship programs at their respective organizations .
the sports balls provided by fair trade sports are certified fair trade by fairtrade labelling organizations international ( flo ) and eco - certified by the forest stewardship council .
environmental law draws from and is influenced by principles of environmentalism , including ecology , conservation , stewardship , responsibility and sustainability .
it also teaches that everyone is entitled to " personal " revelation with respect to his or her stewardship ( leadership responsibility ) .
as a true product stewardship program , call2recycle does not charge any fee to recycle rechargeable batteries or cell phones .
rpu contrasts dramatically with the promotion of pesticides , and many agrochemical concerns , have equally become aware that product stewardship provides better long - term profitability than high pressure salesmanship of a dwindling number of new
kehel had the unique distinction of being a selector for 10 years and was the chairman of the selection committee of board of control for cricket in sri lanka in the last two years of his stewardship , 1999 and 2000 .
the programs of kids for peace are all guided by its " peace pledge " , which emphasizes leadership , service , kindness , respect , unity , stewardship , responsibility and action .
he 'd proven time and again that with careful investment , good stewardship , and solid advertising , he could turn a profit from virtually any entity he touched .
under the stewardship of television station partners , wroc - tv made another switch : on july 1 , 1989 , after 40 years with nbc , channel 8 swapped network affiliations with whec - tv and became a cbs station .
the delineation of a bioregion has environmental stewardship as its primary goal , with the belief that political boundaries should match ecological boundaries .
under his stewardship , membership grew from a few hundred to around 3,000 .
viable , daylighted streams can exist only in intimate connection with restoration and stewardship by the neighborhoods of their watersheds in a long run , since the good health of an urban stream could not long survive carelessness or neglect .
we take seriously our responsibility for stewardship of the intellectual life of the church and our commitment to a just and sustainable world .
in later years the aisles were added and the present decor seen in the church was undertaken in 1899 under the stewardship of canon sullivan ( ) .
precise continental was selected because it is a union company , uses recycled paper , and is forest stewardship council certified .
u.s. customs and border protection ( cbp ) conducted environmental reviews of each pedestrian and vehicle fence segment covered by the waiver , and published the results of this analysis in environmental stewardship plans ( esps ) .
that evidence proves that by 1202 eustace was the seneschal and bailiff of the count of boulogne , renaud de dammartin and that in c. 1204 , the two quarrelled and , accused of mishandling his stewardship , eustace fled and was declared an outlaw .
a new look dublin under the stewardship of kevin heffernan made no mistake in securing a 1 - 14 to 1 - 9 victory .
the association of northwest steelheaders continues its involvement in the environmental issues facing our state and those of surrounding states that directly impact our watersheds , particularly in the areas of stewardship , water quality , dam removal , and stream bed conservation .
under william wrigley 's stewardship the company ventured into the following products : orbit , freedent , extra , hubba bubba , and big red .
widenius expressed deep dissatisfaction with sun 's stewardship of the mysql codebase and its development .
david m. walker , president of the peter g. peterson foundation , has been a frequent commentator on the need for fiscal stewardship at the federal level , to avoid mortgaging the future of the country and of successive generations .
berlin guidelines : un department of technical co - operation for development , stresses environmental stewardship in mining .
associated catholic charities has a strong history of responsible financial stewardship ( more than 90% of operating revenues go towards providing services ) .
the marine stewardship council ( msc ) is an international non - profit organization that runs a certification and ecolabelling program for traceable , sustainable seafood .
crystal is one of 60 golf courses in michigan to be certified by the michigan turfgrass environmental stewardship program .
a useful quote explaining stewardship can be found in psalm 24:1 : " the earth is the lord 's and all that is in it , the world , and those who live in it " .
major unanswered questions now relate to the role of plants in the global cycling of life 's basic ingredients : energy , carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , and nitrogen , and ways that our stewardship of plants can help address the global environmental issues of resource management , conservation , human food security , biologically invasive organisms , carbon sequestration , climate change and sustainability .
from onboard the iss , the agcam will take frequent images in response to requests from farmers , ranchers , foresters , natural resource managers , and tribal officials of the region to help improve their environmental stewardship of the land for which they are responsible .
in some high - profile instances , executives cashed in their stock options , while under their stewardship their companies lost millions of dollars and thousands of workers were laid off .
in the more than seven decades of its existence , the school has passed under the stewardship of nineteen principals with only two ladies in the group .
in the year 1450 stewardship of the manor of caneton is recorded as having been granted to sir david mathew , lord of llandaff manor but a resident of radyr .
during the 30 years of stone 's stewardship , he and the federation contributed to policy debates on the nuclear arms race , human rights , ethnic violence and civil conflict , small arms , controlling biological and chemical weapons , energy conservation , global warming , and related subjects .
epa safer detergents stewardship initiative ( sdsi ) .
the mission of the unitarian universalist church of charlotte is to inspire children , youth and adults to discover and articulate deeper spiritual meaning evidenced in lives of integrity , compassion and stewardship of the earth .
out of these changes came the stockpile stewardship and management program , which , among other things , included funds for the development of methods to design and build nuclear weapons that would work without having to be explosively tested .
demonstrating good stewardship of resources assists csos
this stewardship oversaw the execution of the final years of shoghi effendi 's ordinances of the ten year crusade ( which lasted until 1963 ) culminating and transitioning to the election and establishment of the universal house of justice , at the first baha'i world congress in 1963 .
the joint - stewardship of the state 's fas training and employment authority by ictu and ibec and accompanied waste of public and eu funds and excessive spending on directors ' junkets ' further weakened the public standing of ictu and its ' social partnership ' structures .
the period 1917 – 1944 for ladies college marked the stewardship of a new principal , miss gwen opie .
shortly after , salandy and kim quashie contacted boxu potts to take over her career and immediately he took her under his stewardship .
it is an active partner in the forest stewardship program contributing significantly to the regions clean water and air , protection of the soil , wildlife habitat , recreational resources and timber supplies .
the billings kiwanis club took stewardship of the land in 1951 .
other conservative groups support higher gas mileage on the basis of national security , or on the basis of stewardship of the earth .
the 2002 new england stewardship conference marked the final and most significant turning point in the creation of the association of donor relations professionals .
nine of the twelve directors are elected officials appointed by the three okanagan regional districts , and ( since 2006 ) the okanagan nation alliance , the water supply association of bc , and the okanagan water stewardship council each appoint an additional director .
simon anholt also conducts the , a series of one - day events designed to support the more effective stewardship of the national identity .
according to marco palmieri , the book is " conceived as a guide to the history of professionally - published st fiction , from " mission to horatius " , through the bantam and ballantine years , and straight through pocket 's stewardship of the line . "
" our benign dictatorship " also commended conrad black 's purchase of the southam newspaper chain , arguing that his stewardship would provide for a " pluralistic " editorial view to counter the " monolithically liberal and feminist " approach of the previous management .
the transition handbook’ which sees the combination of peak oil and climate change as an opportunity to restructure society with local resilience and ecological stewardship .
the board is responsible for the stewardship of the corporation in general terms .
following richards , stan wojewodski , jr. , took over the stewardship of the yale school of drama from 1991 - 2002 .
the church 's mission statement is : " saint michael the archangel roman catholic church is a worshipping servant community dedicated to stewardship , social justice , and ministering to our members and to the greater community in the image given to us by jesus .
the annenberg foundation continues its historic program focus but is expanding to include environmental stewardship , social justice , and animal welfare .
the core of this critique is clearly an ethical one : all the existing economic theories " provide no healthy norms that would ensure correct stewardship for the environment " in which all people have to live .
in recent years , some mission centers have been fortunate to have multiple bishops , in order to help promote the various ministries associated with good stewardship .
in 1991 the putnam family descendants gave its stewardship to the danvers historical society .
brenau college remained privately owned until 1911 when a board of trustees assumed stewardship of the college , as remains the case today .
after a period under the stewardship of the chan family , the temple was deeded to the city of oroville in 1937 and was opened as a museum in 1949 .
since 1987 olympic park institute has been offering residential outdoor education programs to school groups grades 4–12 , enriching lives and cultivating environmental stewardship along the way .
allocation of special emission permits by the climate change corporation created by the climate stewardship and innovation act will provide funding for assistance for consumers and industry to fully comply with the act .
its primary focus is to inspire greater understanding and stewardship of nature through the art of photography .
the band recorded the debut album , autumn in the platinum desert , under the stewardship of producer phil mckellar ( silverchair , grinspoon , spiderbait ) and traveled to new york to have the album mixed .
amana 's name comes from the arabic word for stewardship .
in recent years the club has also begun to take a more active stewardship role , helping to raise money for construction and maintenance efforts and land purchases .
the uk government also give farmers subsidies through the countryside stewardship scheme to improve the conservation value of there farms .
traditions of haram and hima and early urban planning were expressions of strong social obligations to stay within carrying capacity and to preserve the natural environment as an obligation of khalifa or " stewardship " .
the grantee of the warren was granted an exemption from the law ( under which all game in the realm was property of the sovereign ) , but the grantee owed the sovereign the stewardship and protection of the game from all others who might wish to hunt it .
the nature of don short 's and milt young 's dispute was money versus stewardship .
the hedjaz region of western arabia became an independent state under hussein 's control , until 1927 , when , abandoned and isolated by the british policy - which had shifted support to the al saud family - it was conquered by saudi arabia , ending an era of over 600 years of hashemite stewardship of the holy land of islam .
environmentalists advocate the sustainable management of resources and stewardship of the environment through changes in public policy and individual behavior .
in 2007 , the hesquiaht first nation and became stewardship partners in the foundation .
formed in 1978 as a sub - committee of the high street hill association , it has worked to improve the condition of olmsted park and to increase awareness of issues of park stewardship . "
in july 2009 , kenwright lamented the club 's financial position under his stewardship : " our debt is a big debt and a worrying debt , but it is manageable because of our performance on the field " .
he told charlie rose that " we are going to go through a lot of pain and heartache if we do n't acknowledge our stewardship responsibilities to nature . "
stewardship efforts continued in the 1990s and 2000s with efforts to control purple loosestrife , a new forest management program and considerable efforts to protect a broader area around the lake with the laurel creek headwaters environmentally sensitive landscape greenbelt initiative .
for half a century , under the stewardship of ambalal sarabhai , the calico mills became one of the most modern and extensively diversified pacesetters of the indian cotton industry .
some of these programs include ecosystem restoration , formerly used defense sites , environmental stewardship , epa superfund , abandoned mine lands , formerly utilized sites remedial action program , base realignment and closure , 2005 , and regulatory .
many moderate and progressive evangelicals see environmentalism as a consequence of stewardship .
stewardship can also refer to jesus christ 's accountability to god the father for the christians that have been entrusted to him or how to use your resources for god .
this obedience is a stewardship of faith .
under her stewardship , such a law was enacted in 1988 -- with the controversial inclusion of a payroll tax -- but the law was never implemented by the newly elected governor of the commonwealth , the republican william weld , because of his opposition to the payroll tax .
concurrently , iacovou was chairman of the board of directors of the hotel and catering institute of cyprus ( “ hci ” ) and under his stewardship the hci became internationally known and was acknowledged accordingly on the island .
groovystuff , a dallas - based manufacturer of residential furnishings audited by the forest stewardship council , crafts furniture from reclaimed teak wood and teak the root bulbs .
" the commission focuses on responsible stewardship of marine fisheries resources .
much of macduffie 's current campus was developed between 1956 and 1968 , under the stewardship of headmaster ralph d. rutenber , when several large homes and an athletics field were acquired .
again , some argue that this is because the land tenure system does not encourage proper stewardship by the local inhabitants .
he guided the country through its war with iraq , and earned popular acclaim for his stewardship of the national economy .
northampton castle was built under the stewardship of simon de senlis , the first earl of northampton , in 1084 .
various public sector organisations have an important role in the stewardship of the country 's fauna .
founded in 1937 , the wildlife society ( tws ) is an international non - profit scientific and educational association dedicated to excellence in wildlife stewardship through science and education .
under his stewardship , ite was transformed from an institution associated with the not - so - academically inclined , to a institution comparable to the best in the developed world .
