phosphorylation of the serine stimulates akt phosphorylation at a threonine t308 residue by pdk1 and leads to full akt activation ; curcumin inhibits both by preventing phosphorylation of the serine .
c.s.f. is a statewide organization that stimulates interest and fosters pride in high standards of academicachievement by young people .
5 . angiotensin ii stimulates the release of aldosterone , adh , and thirst .
sugar - free chewing gum stimulates saliva production , and helps to clean the surface of the teeth.(8 )
once in the lung or ectopic site , the worm stimulates an inflammatory response that allows it to cover its self in granulation tissue forming a capsule .
in addition to its effects on kidney and intestine , pth also increases the number and activity of osteoclasts to release calcium from bone , and thus stimulates bone resorption .
the cohort model is based on the concept that auditory or visual input to the brain stimulates neurons as it enters the brain , rather than at the end of a word .
steam bathing also stimulates protein circulation , improving digestability of proteins , fats , carbohydrates , and mineral elements .
instead , icyhot stimulates nerve receptors , causing the user to first feel cool , and then feel heat .
metamorphosis in amphibians is regulated by thyroxin concentration in the blood , that stimulates metamorphosis and prolactin that counteracts its effect .
this stimulator ultimately stimulates a functioning sensory modality .
inhibin acts to inhibit activin , which is a peripherally produced hormone that positively stimulates gnrh producing cells .
interferon - gamma — which was once called macrophage activating factor — stimulates macrophages to produce nitric oxide .
experiments by cramer et al . or vetvicka clearly demonstrated that oral β-glucan stimulates hematopoiesis in radiation - treated mice .
in this sense it is similar to capsaicin , the chemical responsible for the spiciness of hot peppers ( which stimulates heat sensors , also without causing an actual change in temperature ) .
insulin stimulates the uptake of valine , leucine , isoleucine , and tyrosine in to skeletal muscle , but not uptake of tryptophan .
lago has noted that " every brazilian knows that guarana is a stimulant and that means it stimulates everything " .
however powerful weapons become , the victory will go to the offensive which stimulates moral forces , disconcerts the enemy and deprives him of his freedom of action "
coupled with signals provided by il-4 , this interaction stimulates the b cell to begin production of a large amount of a particular type of antibody known as ige. secreted ige circulates in the blood and binds to an ige - specific receptor ( a kind of fc receptor called fcεri ) on the surface of other kinds of immune cells called mast cells and basophils , which are both involved in the acute inflammatory response .
the organizers maintain that the display stimulates dialogue among students and others who ordinarily would ignore the abortion issue .
this gene expresses a soluble protein that stimulates lipolysis , induces a reduction in body fat in mice , is associated with the cachexia related to cancer , and is known to be expressed in secretory cells of lung epithelium .
the ost - alpha / ost - beta heterodimer , but not the individual subunits , stimulates sodium - independent bile acid uptake .
language mapping may involve naming , reading aloud , repetition , and oral comprehension ; somatosensory mapping requires that the patient describe sensations experienced across the face and extremities as the surgeon stimulates different cortical regions .
it is found in the zona fasciculata of the adrenal cortex and stimulates production of cortisol .
αvβ5 is a type of integrin that binds to matrix macromolecules and proteinases and thereby stimulates angiogenesis .
they produce cytokines ( such as interleukin 22 ) which stimulates epithelial cells to produce anti - microbial proteins to clear out certain types of microbe ( such as " candida " and " staphylococcus " ) .
the hydroponic conditions ( presence of fertilizer and high humidity ) create an environment that stimulates salmonella growth .
the chief cells secrete pepsinogen in response to gastrin and especially ach , and ach also stimulates mucus secretion .
removal of csf during lumber puncture can cause a severe headache after the fluid is removed , because the brain hangs on the vessels and nerve roots , and traction on them stimulates pain fibers .
fgf21 stimulates glucose uptake in adipocytes but not in other cell types .
among other things , ethylene stimulates the formation of amylase , an enzyme that breaks down starch into sugar , influencing the taste of bananas .
however , it is also stimulatory towards certain t cells , mast cells and stimulates b cell maturation and antibody production .
also , actin filaments themselves bind atp , and hydrolysis of this atp stimulates destabilization of the polymer .
this work showed that tetrodotoxin stimulates anaerobic glycolysis and these findings led to the conclusion that at the onset of anoxia , and in the absence of tetrodotoxin action potentials are generated .
this encourages economic activity which generates further social benefits with the creation of new businesses and jobs , and stimulates process improvements by industry through innovation and new technologies , the use of sustainable fuels and fuel substitution , and greater production and logistic efficiency .
once the return of the rains stimulates the eggs to develop and hatch , growth is swift ; there is almost no larval period , and the fish are sexually mature at the age of about one month .
organic agriculture stimulates the environment ’s natural development of disease and pest control .
palifermin binds to epithelial cell - surface receptors and stimulates epithelial cell proliferation , differentiation , and upregulation of cytoprotective mechanisms .
this means that it stimulates the impulse propagation mediated transmitter release of the neurotransmitters dopamine , norepinephrine and serotonin in the brain .
oxytocin stimulates the muscles surrounding the breast to squeeze out the milk .
also because lp(a ) stimulates secretion of pai-1 it leads to thrombogenesis .
the members of this group are known as catnip or catmint because of their effect on cats — nepeta pleasantly stimulates cats ' pheromonic receptors , typically resulting in temporary euphoria .
after cloning of various genes implicated in x - linked mental retardation , three genes that have effects on rho signaling were identified , including oligophrenin-1 ( gap protein that stimulates gtpase activity of rac1 , cdc42 , and rhoa ) , pak3 ( involved with the effects of rac and cdc42 on the actin cytoskeleton ) and αpix ( a gef that helps activate rac1 and cdc42 ) .
the increased mass in the intestines stimulates the movement of waste and toxins from the system , which is particularly helpful for good colon health , because it speeds the removal of waste and bacteria from the bowel and colon .
by interfering with the breakdown of acetylcholine , neostigmine indirectly stimulates both nicotinic and muscarinic receptors .
the protein forms a homodimer or heterodimer with c - jun and stimulates cre - dependent transcription .
according to croal , gralnick , malasarn , and newman , “ [ the ] understanding [ of ] what stimulates as(iii ) oxidation and/or limits as(v ) reduction is relevant for bioremediation of contaminated sites ( croal ) .
the apparatus , placed on the head of an experimental subject , stimulates the brain with fluctuating magnetic fields .
placed under the existing retina , it directly stimulates the neurons , replacing defective cells .
at age 8 , yogi bhajan began yogic training , and 8 years later was proclaimed by his teacher to be a master of kundalini yoga , which stimulates individual growth through breath , yoga postures , sound , chanting , and meditation .
grimm and his collaborators showed that acute hypoxia inducement in the adult mouse retina stimulates expression of epo in addition to other growth factors .
the area of the brain that stimulates the release of these hormones is the hypothalamus .
chaired by greg shockley , the board stimulates and promotes travel and tourism in maryland .
its stated aim is to publish work that " stimulates , inspires , addresses difficult questions , and examines intriguing periods of history . "
one of the electrodes stimulates a sexual pleasure .
this organ again helps the sound to be transferred into a neural impulse that stimulates the auditory pathway and reaches the brain .
calcitonin stimulates movement of calcium into bone , in opposition to the effects of parathyroid hormone ( pth ) .
despite the crude protein always being above 14% , supplementing with a high protein feed like lupin seed stimulates animal feed intake when phenolics are high in tagasaste .
the first pulse is a diffraction - limited spot that is tuned to the absorption wavelength , so excites any fluorophores in that region ; an immediate second pulse is red - shifted to the emission wavelength and stimulates emission back to the ground state before , thus depleting the excited state of any fluorophores in this depletion pulse .
a concentrated beam from it stimulates the brain 's pleasure center , giving the victim a feeling of flight .
it has also been shown that this nucleus stimulates gastrointestinal motor function ; microinjections of 5-ht into the nucleus raphe obscurus increase gastric movement .
feeding behaviour in one fish quickly stimulates food - searching behaviour in others . "
it stimulates release of dopamine and acetylcholine in the brain in both rodent and primate models , and progressed as far as phase ii clinical trials for parkinson 's disease , although its current status is unclear .
the film festival is supported by movies that matter , ( an initiative of amnesty international ) in the netherlands , which promotes international human rights film screenings , offers advice and assistance , and stimulates the exchange of knowledge and experience .
the former can turn into positive process , when the considerable consumption intensified by higher income stimulates demand for local production and services , thus generating the employment .
infection also stimulates the cross - linking of molecules in the cell wall and the deposition of lignin , responses that set up a local barricade that slows spread of the pathogen to other parts of the plant .
adrenocorticotropic hormone ( acth ) stimulates the adrenal cortex to release corticosteroids .
vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ) is a chemical signal produced by cells that stimulates the growth of new blood vessels .
prothoracicotropic hormone stimulates the prothoracic glands to produce ecdysteroids that are required to promote development .
it stimulates gastric , biliary , and pancreatic secretion ; and certain smooth muscle .
a second electrode ( without pilocarpine ) will be placed at another site and a mild electrical current will draw the pilocarpine into the skin where it stimulates the sweat glands .
calcitonin stimulates incorporation of calcium in bone , although this process is largely independent of calcitonin .
molecular cloning of complementary dna for the alpha subunit of the g protein that stimulates adenylate cyclase .
lucy orta was the inaugural rootstein hopkins chair at london college of fashion from 2002 - 2007 , and former head of the man & humanity master in industrial design for the design academy eindhoven , a pioneering master program that stimulates socially driven and sustainable design solutions , alternative systems and products which she co - founded in 2002 .
this surplus stimulates the activity of osteoclasts , cells that break down bone , in a process known as osteoclastic bone resorption .
this behaviour of the fly stimulates trout to regard the fly as natural food , and to try to eat it , at which point the hook can be set .
poecilia formosa " mate with males of other fish species that use internal fertilization , the sperm does not fertilize the eggs but stimulates the growth of the eggs which develops into embryos .
this intracellular sensor detects low cholesterol levels and stimulates endogenous production by the hmg - coa reductase pathway , as well as increasing lipoprotein uptake by up - regulating the ldl receptor .
others claim that a decoction of birthwort stimulates the production and increases the activity of leukocytes ( white blood cells ) , or that pipevines contain a disinfectant which assists in wound healing . "
any sudden drop in oxygen or excess of carbon dioxide ( even if tiny ) strongly stimulates the brain 's respiratory centers to breathe .
this , in turn , stimulates release of proteases and oxidants by the mesangial and epithelial cells , damaging the capillary walls and causing them to become " leaky " .
a low amount of triiodiothyronine ( t3 , one of the two thyroid hormones ) in the blood , due to lack of dietary iodine to make it , should ( but does n't always ) give rise to high levels of thyroid stimulating hormone tsh , which stimulates the thyroid gland to increase many biochemical processes ; the cellular growth and proliferation can result in the characteristic swelling or hyperplasia of the thyroid gland , or goiter .
the tsh , in turn , stimulates the thyroid to produce thyroid hormone until levels in the blood return to normal .
angiotensin ii also acts on the adrenal glands too and releases aldosterone , which stimulates the epithelial cells of the kidneys to increase re - absorption of salt and water leading to raised blood volume and raised blood pressure .
in women , fsh stimulates the secretion of inhibin from the granulosa cells of the ovarian follicles in the ovaries .
according to national chinese medicine jingluo theory , " the nerves of the 10 fingertips are linked to the heart " and jingluo handles and stimulates finger nerves , connections between the 5 internal organs and the 6 hollow organs[3 ] rise , traversing the fingers touching the iron ball , the sphere stimulating the palm 's matching pressure points , simultaneously the sphere 's massage and sound gently vibrates various jingluo pressure points , regulates and excites the cerebrum and central nervous system , invigorates the brain increasing wit , refreshes and eliminates worry , eliminates fatigue , can prevent and reduce high blood pressure , finger / wrist arthritis , liver spots and hand tremors , and various other effects of diseases of old age .
the ultimate result of the infusion of funds will increase the horse racing activity , which in turn stimulates the horse breeding and agricultural industries in the state .
growth hormone , at least in part mediated by insulin - like growth factor i ( igf - i ) , stimulates pi cotransport .
they are important in marine ecology : as the infected bacteria burst , carbon compounds are released back into the environment , which stimulates fresh organic growth .
burial of rocks due to ongoing sedimentation will lead to an increase in pressure and temperature , which stimulates certain chemical reactions .
after about 5 to 7 instars , or molts , regulated by certain hormones like prothoracicotropic hormone stimulates the production of ecdysone , telling the insect to start molting .
through its products and services , ite promotes professional development of its members , supports and encourages education , stimulates research , develops public awareness programs and serves as a conduit for the exchange of professional information .
it is primarily a prolonged exposure to the sound of water in motion that stimulates the beavers to build .
the sympathetic nervous system , acting via splanchnic nerves to the adrenal medulla , stimulates the release of adrenaline .
it stimulates blood flow in the abdominal cavity and helps cure stomach ache , indigestion , gastritis and intestinal problems .
one region of α-gliadin stimulates membrane cells , enterocytes , of the intestine to allow larger molecules around the sealant between cells .
researcher dr. phil darbre , hypothesizes that particular substances in deodorants , such as preservatives called parabens , or bolts such as aluminum chloride used in antiperspirants , get into the bloodstream or accumulate in breast tissue , where they enhance or emulate the effects of estrogen , which stimulates the growth of cancerous breast cells .
ma - huang is a stem - like herb that stimulates perspiration , opens the breathing passages and invigorates the central nervous system ” . “
this pathway also stimulates nf-κβ , which upregulates costimulatory molecules cd40 , cd80 , and cd86 that in turn activate t - cell production and immune response .
using a child - centered approach to education , hjis teachers strive to appreciate each student as an individual and to develop a nurturing relationship that stimulates personal growth as well as academic achievement .
hgf stimulates rpe cell migration and its presence is also strongly detected in retinal membranes .
it is the co - receptor interaction that stimulates internalization of the adenovirus .
after binding to cb2 receptors it inhibits adenylate cyclase and stimulates erk - mapk and regulates calcium transients .
the adult beetle spends the winter in dormant diapause in moss or litter in the undergrowth of the heather plants , and they do this until the spring weather brings a rise in temperature , which stimulates them to emerge , feed , and reproduce .
in the desert locust , " schistocerca gregaria " , a plant hormone called gibberellin stimulates reproductive development .
another study considered a possible role of nicotine in reducing parkinson 's risk : nicotine stimulates the dopaminergic system of the brain , which is damaged in parkinson 's disease , while other compounds in tobacco smoke inhibit mao - b , an enzyme which produces oxidative radicals by breaking down dopamine .
this close - coupled field stimulates oscillation in the pen 's coil / capacitor ( lc ) circuit when brought into range of the b - field .
one day , brendan meets brother aidan , a master illustrator who shows him the beauty of art and stimulates his creativity and fantasy .
in astrology , a hard aspect is an astrological aspect that stimulates the native to take some action to resolve tension , conflict , or stress in his life .
fsh stimulates sustentacular cells to release androgen - binding protein , which promotes testosterone binding .
controlled burning stimulates the germination of some desirable forest trees , thus renewing the forest .
this drug stimulates b lymphocytes extending the life of b cells , which produce antibodies against foreign and self cells - which is what an autoimmune disease essentially does .
an electric shock stimulates this system , and causes muscles to contract .
inulin also stimulates the growth of bacteria in the gut .
this results in an increase in the pressure of the right atrium , which stimulates the atrial stretch receptors ( low pressure receptor zones ) .
a vaccine stimulates a primary response against the antigen without causing symptoms of the disease .
s - pulse is a support action of the european seventh framework programme ( fp7 ) that stimulates joint efforts of european academic and industrial groups in the field of superconducting technologies .
when the cell becomes hypoxic , hif1 alpha persists and the hif1alpha / beta complex stimulates vegf release .
st. mark 's episcopal day school is a parish day school that instills christian values , builds a strong academic foundation , encourages personal achievement , stimulates creative expression , and fosters a heart of giving in a nurturing environment in children age one through grade six .
their activation stimulates the vomiting reflex .
gastrin stimulates the parietal cells in the corpus to secrete even more acid into the stomach lumen .
the main objective is to achieve a working environment that stimulates involvement among employees and managers .
second , spending on these projects stimulates economic development and creates jobs .
the " intelligym " is based on the notion of “ low fidelity simulation ” : the game stimulates the exact same cognitive skill - set that is required to play basketball , but without the visual resemblance .
pgh2 , in turn , is converted by other enzymes to several other prostaglandins ( which are mediators of pain , inflammation , and fever ) and to thromboxane a2 ( which stimulates platelet aggregation , leading to the formation of blood clots ) .
the " hybrid " utilizes a shorter electrode than the standard cochlea implant , since the electrode is shorter it stimulates the basil region of the cochlea and hence the high - frequency tonotopic region .
in place of the single - artist , single - artwork paradigm favored by the overwhelming majority of documentation systems , the pool stimulates collaboration in a variety of forms , including multi - author , asynchronous , and cross - medium projects .
margot , at lecter 's advice , stimulates her brother to ejaculate with a cattle prod , and then kills him by ramming his pet moray eel down his throat .
as a result , higher levels of 17oh - pregnenolone appear in the blood with acth challenge , which stimulates adrenal corticosteroid synthesis .
it is the physiological allosteric modulator of the ryanodine receptor ( ryr ) , which stimulates calcium - induced calcium release at lower cytosolic concentrations of ca2 + .
watching television , for example , although it stimulates our primary senses of vision and hearing , rarely gives the impression that the watcher is no longer at home .
diaphragm pacing stimulates a normal breath response as follows : when an electrical current is passed through the electrodes , the diaphragm contracts , expanding the chest cavity , causing air to be sucked into the lungs ( inspiration ) .
to save isabel , liu kills richard by sticking an acupuncture needle at the back of richard 's neck , in a forbidden location known as the " kiss of the dragon , " which stimulates all the body 's blood to travel to the brain to cause a painful death via a brain aneurysm .
prolotherapy is an injection technique that stimulates the body to repair painful , injured areas and is often used for treatment of a wide array of sports injuries , as well as an alternative to surgery for knees , backs , hips , elbows , head / neck , wrists , elbows , shoulders , and virtually every area where ligaments and tendons exist .
as with many predators , a cougar may attack if cornered , if a fleeing human stimulates their instinct to chase , or if a person " plays dead . "
this sedimentary input stimulates biotic activity in the surfaces layers , which photosynthesize under aerobic conditions .
liberty institute stimulates students interest in public service enabling students to become effective leaders and to make a difference in the world around them .
the heat stimulates temperature and pain receptors in the skin , triggering a sensory impulse that travels to the central nervous system .
the drop in the blood 's ph stimulates chemoreceptors in the carotid and aortic bodies in the blood system to send nerve impulses to the respiration centre in the medulla oblongata and pons in the brain .
molting hormone stimulates the molting process .
at moderate to bright light levels where the cones function , the eye is more sensitive to yellowish - green light than other colors because this stimulates the two most common of the three kinds of cones almost equally .
it is not known what stimulates hibernation .
insulin - like growth factor type 2 , on the other hand , stimulates the invasiveness of it .
normally this stimulates a significant increased production of erythropoietin ( epo ) , but this response is diminished in premature infants .
meeting joan valentine stimulates him to broaden his horizons and take on something new and exciting , and he soon falls in love with her while masquerading as a valet .
in malaria , as in other diseases , innate immunity leads into , and stimulates , adaptive immunity .
this stimulates rapid development of structure - based drug design .
2006 : dr. larry benowitz and colleagues discover a naturally occurring growth factor called that stimulates regeneration in injured optic nerves , raising the possibility of treating blindness due to optic - nerve damage and the hope of achieving similar regeneration in the spinal cord and brain .
great numbers of youths are turning to " joybooths " ( a device which directly stimulates the sensory input of the brain ) and committing suicide by overstimulation .
she manually stimulates him in her bathtub , and tells him she killed matthew .
glucagon then stimulates the liver into converting stored glycogen into glucose and then the liver releases it into the blood .
it stimulates release of nerve growth factors and enhances survival of neurons in the brain , and is under development as a potential treatment for neurodegenerative disorders such as alzheimer 's disease , parkinson 's disease and stroke .
avicenna , most famous for his volumes called " the canon of medicine " , refers to nigella as the seed that stimulates the body 's energy and helps recovery from fatigue and dispiritedness .
tango stimulates cooperation and creates bond like no other dance , and this is an extraordinary motivator for some patients ” , says tamara di tella .
assad and shapiro wrote , " … jaynes ' hypothesis makes for interesting reading and stimulates much thought in the receptive reader .
the glutamate released , in turn , stimulates nmda receptors on second - order neurons that produce the phenomena of windup and central sensitization .
when carbon dioxide and hydrogen ion levels are increased , the respiratory center stimulates both the inspiratory and expiratory muscles of the lungs .
in retail commerce , visual display merchandising means maximizing merchandise sales using product design , selection , packaging , pricing , and display that stimulates consumers to spend more .
it stimulates erythropoiesis ( increases red blood cell levels ) and is used to treat anemia , commonly associated with chronic renal failure and cancer chemotherapy .
touchstone stimulates and develops public interest in an evolving canadian cultural perspective . ”
ghrelin is also produced in the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus , where it stimulates the secretion of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary gland .. receptors for ghrelin are expressed by neurons in the arcuate nucleus and the ventromedial hypothalamus .
this abrupt withdrawal of progesterone in the presence of high prolactin levels stimulates the copious milk production of " lactogenesis ii " .
this technique stimulates creativity and promotes everyone 's participation because no one has to come up with answers .
the programme stimulates entrepreneurship , competitiveness , internationalisation and growth of start - ups and established smes in the eu .
insulin in turn stimulates the uptake of large neutral branched - chain amino acids ( lnaa ) but not tryptophan ( trp ) into muscle , increasing the ratio of trp to lnaa in the blood stream .
cholecystokinin also stimulates the flow of bile and causes the gall bladder to contract and thus determine if the gall bladder is emptying properly .
the fact that so many people look at love as something you can only feel does n't prove that " love " stimulates your mind to the point where your convinced of fantasy visions and body temperature changes when near the one you feel the emotion for .
alcohol stimulates insulin production , which speeds up the glucose metabolism and can result in low blood sugar , causing irritability , and possibly death for diabetics ; in normal subjects severe alcohol poisoning can also be lethal .
texas 's affluence stimulates a strong commercial sector consisting of retail , wholesale , banking and insurance , and construction industries .
the clint1 protein binds to the terminal domain of the clathrin heavy chain and stimulates clathrin cage vesicle assembly .
epo is a naturally - occurring hormone growth factor that stimulates the formation of rbcs .
dna stimulates the receptors on plasmacytoid dendritic cells , which produce interferon-α , an immune stimulatory signal ( cytokine ) .
it stimulates the secretion of gastric acid , pepsin , and intrinsic factor , and has been used as a diagnostic aid as the pentagastrin - stimulated calcitonin test .
it stimulates a “ kind of thirst for the unknown ” which ennobles and enlivens science — where , as experimenters , we need “ only to stand face to face with nature ”
synectics is a problem solving method that stimulates thought processes of which the subject may be unaware .
low levels of calcium stimulates the release of parathyroid hormone ( pth ) from chief cells of the parathyroid gland .
stimulates cost effective delivery and adoption of new technology
with the ansari x prize , the x prize foundation ( based in santa monica , ca ) established a philanthropic model in which offering a prize for achieving a specific goal stimulates entrepreneurial investment that produces a tenfold or greater return on the prize purse and at least one hundred fold in follow - on investment and social benefit .
melanoma cells without this mutation are not inhibited by plx4032 ; plx4032 paradoxically stimulates normal braf and may promote tumor growth .
the male g - spot vibrator is a specially curved device ( like a skier about to take off ) with a round head which is inserted into the anal canal of the male , and stimulates the prostate gland - also known as the male g - spot - this way , normally producing a host of different , and quite intense sexual sensations .
force applied to a muscle stimulates the muscle spindles which activate protective reflexes resulting in contraction of that muscle .
aconite first stimulates and later paralyses / numbs the nerves to the sensations of pain , touch , and temperature if applied to the skin or to a mucous membrane ; the initial tingling therefore gives place to a long - continued anaesthetic action .
flumazenil stimulates the up - regulation and reverses the uncoupling of benzodiazepine receptors to the gabaa receptor thereby reversing tolerance and reducing withdrawal symptoms and relapse rates .
a large protein molecule attaches to cocaine , which stimulates response from antibodies which destroy the molecule .
johnson , l.j. and brookfield , j.f.y. ( 2002 ) evolutionary dynamics of a selfishly spreading gene that stimulates sexual reproduction in a partially sexual population . " j. evolutionary biology " 15 , 42 - 48 .
the granulocyte macrophage colony - stimulating factor receptor also known as cd116 ( cluster of differentiation 116 ) , is a receptor for granulocyte macrophage colony - stimulating factor , which stimulates the production of white blood cells .
binding to vegf receptor-2 ( vegfr-2 ) starts a tyrosine kinase signaling cascade that stimulates the production of factors that variously stimulate vessel permeability ( enos , producting no ) , proliferation / survival ( bfgf ) , migration ( icams / vcams / mmps ) and finally differentiation into mature blood vessels .
a herb with sialagogue action stimulates the secretion of saliva from the salivary glands .
immediate seizures occurring within two seconds of injury probably occur because the force from the injury stimulates brain tissue that has a low threshold for seizures when stimulated .
if the film stirs the emotions and penetrates the subconscious of the viewer , if it stimulates , however inchoately , his mythological and religious yearnings and impulses , then it has succeeded .
the movie opens to dr. crawford tillinghast ( jeffrey combs ) working on a machine called the resonator , which stimulates the pineal gland , allowing those within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality .
this stimulates producers to shift production , increasing mushrooming investment , which would increase market supply and a new price equilibrium between the products - e.g. lowering the price of mushrooms to a level between the two first levels .
founded in a spirit of collaboration and motivation , the movement stimulates the production of short - films by small crews with little to no budget .
yellow is the color evoked by light that stimulates both the l and m ( long and medium wavelength ) cone cells of the retina about equally , with no significant stimulation of the s ( short - wavelength ) cone cells .
the probe delivers a slight electric current that stimulates nearby nerves , resulting in contraction of the pelvic muscles and ejaculation .
kennisnet also stimulates the use of information technology in educational processes by providing technical and practical support for several innovative educational aids .
acth also stimulates the adrenal cortex to release cortisol , which increases the expression of pnmt in chromaffin cells , enhancing adrenaline synthesis .
the gallery stimulates active learning about art and the creative process through research , teaching , and dialogue among communities of yale students , faculty , artists , scholars , alumni , and the wider public .
for males during puberty , testosterone , along with gonadotropins released by the pituitary gland , stimulates spermatogenesis , along with the full sexual distinction of a human male from a human female , while women are acted upon by estrogens and progesterones to produce their sexual distinction from the human male .
at low levels , the lead , theoretically harmful , actually stimulates the immune system by producing nitric oxide .
in synergy with other growth factors , flt3 ligand stimulates the proliferation and differentiation of various blood cell progenitors .
placental lactogen is produced by the placenta and stimulates lipolysis and fatty acid metabolism by the woman , conserving blood glucose for use by the fetus .
fructose-2,6-bisphosphate ( f2,6p2 ) also stimulates gck transcription , apparently by way of akt2 rather than srebp1c .
scientists believe that exposure to mycobacterium vaccae may work as an antidepressant because it stimulates the generation of serotonin and norepinephrine in the brain .
the stimulator chip decodes the picture information beamed from the camera and stimulates retinal ganglion cells accordingly .
5-androstenediol is less androgenic than 4-androstenediol , and stimulates the immune system .
recipients must have written a book of exceptional literary merit that stimulates an interest in themes of jewish concern .
dang gui also stimulates the central nervous system , which can remedy menstrual weakness and headaches .
the conditioned adr beam of photons penetrates the rock and as it encounters the component materials it stimulates the atoms to release energy according to their compositions .
“ mglur5 stimulates gliotransmission in the nucleus accumbens . ” 104 ( 6 ) : 1995 - 2000 .
a far - reaching examination of student life that stimulates reflection on the role of school in our society and asks how willing we are to support and finance the school system so that it will not be merely a factory churning out parts for the social machine .
it is believed that the impact of alcohol on aging can be partly explained by alcohol 's activation of the hpa axis , which stimulates glucocorticoid secretion ; long - term exposure to which produces symptoms of aging .
the axon terminal depolarizes and releases acetylcholine ( ach ) , a neurotransmitter , which in turn stimulates the motor - end - plate ( mep ) of the muscle fiber the nerve is innervating .
it stimulates the neurons to fire repeatedly until the neuron dies , causing searing pain and sending the victim into severe anaphylactic shock .
one haustrum distends as it fills , which stimulates muscles to contract , pushing the contents to the next haustrum .
as this upswing in new debt creation also increases the money supply and stimulates economic activity , this also tends to temporarily raise economic growth and employment .
since many abandoned and underutilized properties lie within economically distressed and disadvantaged communities , land recycling often benefits and stimulates re - investment in historically under - served areas .
for women , this practice indirectly stimulates the female prostate or clitoris .
protein kinase c stimulates nhe3 , while protein kinase a inhibits it .
ospc is a strong antigen ; detection of its presence by the host organism stimulates an immune response .
the cpsu stimulates debate , enquiry , and the sharing of ideas and information across the commonwealth .
full immersion in water promotes physiological responses in the mother that reduce pain including a redistribution of blood volume , which stimulates the release of oxytocin and vasopressin ( katz 1990 ) , the latter which also increases oxytocin blood levels ( odent 1998 ) .
ghrelin stimulates growth hormone secretagogue receptors in the pituitary .
resveratrol has been shown to cause sirt1 to cause migration of foxo transcription factors to the nucleus which stimulates foxo3a transcriptional activity and it has been shown to enhance the sirtuin - catalyzed deacetylation ( activity ) of foxo3a .
the decrease in systolic blood pressure leads to a faster heart rate due to the baroreceptor reflex , which stimulates sympathetic outflow to the heart .
not all drugs are physically addictive , but any activity that stimulates the brain 's dopaminergic reward system — typically , any pleasurable activity — can lead to psychological addiction .
the net atmospheric heating due to aerosol absorption causes the air to warm and convect upwards , increasing the concentration of moisture in the mid - troposphere and providing positive feedback that stimulates further heating of aerosols .
when a cigarette is smoked , nicotine - rich blood passes from the lungs to the brain within seven seconds and immediately stimulates the release of many chemical messengers including acetylcholine , norepinephrine , epinephrine , vasopressin , arginine , dopamine , autocrine agents , and beta - endorphin .
evolution of glutamate receptors is entirely the opposite in invertebrates , particularly arthropods and nematodes , where glutamate stimulates glutamate - gated chloride channels .
treating the body as a whole , so they say , helps to restore the physical functions of the nervous system , circulatory system , bone structure , muscles , and internal secretion and stimulates the whole of the mind and body to find harmony .
steiner described both positive and negative aspects of both figures , however : lucifer as the light spirit which " plays on human pride and offers the delusion of divinity " , but also motivates creativity and spirituality ; ahriman as the dark spirit which tempts human beings to " deny [ their ] link with divinity and to live entirely on the material plane " , but also stimulates intellectuality and technology .
component stimulates the production of both components while
and when it stimulates a signal processing element , the output is called the impulse response of the element .
stimulates continuous professional growth which ensures effective , innovative classroom instruction ,
it also stimulates macrophages to kill bacteria that have been engulfed .
ghrh is released from neurosecretory nerve terminals of these arcuate neurons , and is carried by the hypothalamo - hypophyseal portal system to the anterior pituitary gland where it stimulates growth hormone ( gh ) secretion by stimulating the growth hormone releasing hormone receptor .
physiologically , angiotensin ii stimulates the release of hormones by the posterior pituitary gland ( adh , also known as vasopressin ) and the adrenal cortex ( aldosterone ) .
about half of " banksia " species are killed by bushfire , but these regenerate quickly from seed , as fire also stimulates the opening of seed - bearing follicles and the germination of seed in the ground .
the european organisation for research and treatment of cancer or eortc is an international non - profit organisation that develops , coordinates and stimulates cancer laboratory and clinical research in europe .
the most common cause of this type of diarrhea is a cholera toxin that stimulates the secretion of anions , especially chloride ions .
the intensity or energy of the retina 's activity increases as more light or whiteness stimulates the eye .
it encourages entrepreneurship among students and stimulates start - up ventures .
factor d is a serine protease that stimulates glucose transport for triglyceride accumulation in fats cells and inhibits lipolysis .
it stimulates melanocytes to produce melanin , and can also be cleaved into smaller peptides .
the npy neurons are a key element in the regulation of appetite ; small doses of npy injected into the brains of experimental animals stimulates feeding , while selective destruction of the npy neurons in mice causes them to become anorexic .
in her book , laura guazzone points out the paradox of us hegemony in the region : while at the military level it stabilizes the middle east against revisionist states , its biased and inequitable application continually stimulates the nationalist and islamic reaction at the societal level that keeps the regional pot boiling .
the toxin that creates the immune response will have an epitope on it that stimulates the response .
the asana stimulates and enhances the pranic flow to the pericardium meridians
it along with wnk4 stimulates clathrin - dependent endocytosis of renal outer medullar potassium 1 ( romk1 ) .
the eusp stimulates clinical and scientific research across europe and encourages exchange of expertise and knowledge between european urologists .
however , theobromine stimulates the heart to a greater degree .
finally , since a beam of light can be composed of many different wavelengths , to determine the extent to which a physical color c in hcolor stimulates each cone cell , we must calculate the integral ( with respect to w ) , over the interval [ wmin , wmax ] , of c(w)*s(w ) , of c(w)*m(w ) , and of c(w)*l(w ) .
it stimulates dialogue , debate , and self awareness .
pholedrine ( paredrinol , pulsotyl , veritol ) , also known as 4-hydroxy-"n "- methylamphetamine ( 4-hma ) , is a drug that stimulates the sympathetic nervous system .
a range of wavelengths of light stimulates each of these receptor types to varying degrees .
