a 21-item scale which explores subjects ' attitude towards several sexual aspects : heterosexuality , homosexuality , erotic fantasies , sexual stimuli , etc .
odc gene expression is induced by a large number of biological stimuli including seizure activity in the brain .. inactivation of odc by difluoromethylornithine ( eflornithine ) is used to treat cancer and facial hair growth in postmenopausal females .
the speed with which ion channels respond to deflection leads researchers to believe that mechanical stimuli act directly upon the ion channel , and do not need a second messenger .
in practice , it would be quite difficult to measure an individual 's cones ' three responses to various physical color stimuli .
holism was very much a response to behaviorism , which emphasized that the world could be understood by experimenting with stimuli and responses .
pta is a subjective , behavioural measurement of hearing threshold , as it relies on patient response to pure tone stimuli .
compile - time logic can be used to generate and/or randomize stimuli .
the variety of tasks trained may also vary , and can range from entertainment , husbandry ( veterinary ) behaviors , physical labor or athleticism , habituation to averse stimuli , interaction ( or non - interaction ) with other humans , or even research ( sensory , physiological , cognitive ) .
he postulated the importance of epithelial tissue in this process and was the first to point out the change in the function , organization and role of the cells under the influence of external stimuli .
different sites of stimulation or different stimuli can be tagged with slightly different frequencies that are virtually identical to the brain , but easily separated by fourier series analyzers .
in fact , when tests that measure implicit memory are administered to people who suffer from amnesia , they show tendencies of responding to stimuli in ways which correlate with information previously presented but not explicitly remembered .
sustained attention is the ability to maintain a consistent focus on some continuous activity or stimuli , and is associated with impulsivity .
the function of the secretion is presumed to flush materials from the base of circular depression to ensure that taste buds can respond to changing stimuli rapidly .
therefore ; these findings suggest that the parietal lobe is involved in covert orienting to visual stimuli .
the size of mechanoreceptors ' receptive fields in a given area determines the degree to which detailed stimuli can be resolved : the smaller and more densely clustered the receptive fields , the higher the resolution .
it became abstract and expressive , hoping to unite visual and auditory stimuli through a symphony of color .
movalyzer was expanded with interactive and animated audio - visual stimuli and sub - movement analysis .
mather 's recent research projects have included work on how older adults interpret positive stimuli as well as how stress influences older adults ' decision making processes .
when exposed to the adult pheromone , hoppers become confused and disoriented , because they can apparently no longer " smell " each other , though the visual and tactile stimuli remain .
the standard model of systems consolidation was first developed by paul w. frankland ; it states that when novel information is originally encoded and registered , memory of these new stimuli becomes retained in both the hippocampus and cortical regions .
it may ensue ( as a physiological reaction ) from jokes , tickling , and other stimuli .
the specific receptors for these intense stimuli were called nociceptors .
for example , neurons containing mechanoreceptors are sensitive to tactile stimuli , while olfactory receptors make a cell sensitive to odors .
students are also required to interpret information based on graphical stimuli such as statistical charts , memos , signs , short texts , notices and pictures .
a woman locks herself in her apartment for 30 days with no food , telephone or outside stimuli in an effort to cure her mental illness .
mechanical senses provide the insect with information that may direct orientation , general movement , flight from enemies , reproduction and feeding and are elicited from the sense organs that are sensitive to mechanical stimuli such as pressure , touch and vibration ( triplehorn & johnson , 2005 ) .
in all mammals studied , it is located in the posterior pole of the occipital cortex ( the occipital cortex is responsible for processing visual stimuli ) .
results from a recent study showed that itching and scratching were induced purely by visual stimuli in a public lecture on itching .
characters as stimuli – but as a form of categorical knowledge , encoded perhaps as
the movement occurs along the direction where the intensity of the stimuli is stronger .
however there are also accepted neurological conditions of dissociation where the brain / mind appears to register neurological stimuli that can not possibly be coming from the part of the nervous system to which they would normally be attributed , such as phantom pain or synesthesia , or where limbs act without conscious direction as in alien hand syndrome .
furthermore , he argues that there is an enormous gap between the linguistic stimuli to which children are exposed and the rich linguistic knowledge they attain ( the " poverty of the stimulus " argument ) .
retinotopy describes the spatial organization of the neuronal responses to visual stimuli .
nmda receptor - dependent ltp can be induced experimentally by applying a few trains of high - frequency stimuli to the connection between two neurons .
distractions come from both external sources ( physical stimuli through the five senses ) , or internal sources ( thought , emotion , fantasies , physical urges ) .
changing orientation served to alter the physical appearance of the stimuli , thus reducing the perceptual priming at the second occurrence of the face when presented in a massed fashion .
when external stimuli deflect the tether the displacement opens the channel .
a monitor of the autonomic nervous system ( such as the ansiscope ) may be more appropriate for purposely assessing the reaction to noxious stimuli during surgery .
thus , when presented with a threatening stimuli that activates the fight - or - flight response , this innervation dilates the iris , thus temporarily letting more light reach the retina .
if stimuli is delivered slow enough , the tension in the muscle will relax between successive twitches .
u937 cells are of the myeloid lineage and so secrete a large number of cytokines and chemokines either constitutively ( e.g. il-1 and gm - csf ) or in response to soluble stimuli .
recently , a new group of gpcr ’s was discovered , known as the t2r ’s , which it is thought respond to only bitter stimuli .
there are many methods that work , but in general saturating any of the senses with stimuli from the dream is important .
however , since it is difficult to measure these sympathetic responses to fear stimuli , studies are typically confined to simple crouching times .
silvan tomkins created script theory as a further development of his affect theory , which regards human beings emotional responses to stimuli as falling into categories called " affects " : he noticed that the purely biological response of affect may be followed by awareness and by what we cognitively do in terms of acting on that affect so that more was needed to produce a complete explanation of what he called " human being theory " .
blumer presents a radical critique of the overwhelming bulk of sociological schemes , on the ground that they treat the actor as passive-- as controlled by social forces which act on him as physical stimuli act on an organism .
scriptalyzer handwriting analysis software , is a sub - package of movalyzer excluding visual stimuli and sub - movement analysis .
bradykinin is released by various cell types in response to numerous different stimuli ; it is also a pain mediator .
proteolytic pathways , or proteolysis , are the series of events controlled by proteases that occur in response to specific stimuli .
associated stimuli may also come to trigger the symptoms of the phobia or anxiety , such as a change in barometric pressure being associated to a thunderstorm , thus causing an anticipatory anxiety .
the performer can determine many things about the mental state of a subject by observing subtle , involuntary responses to speech or any other stimuli .
besides being activated by capsaicin , trpv1 also responds to a wide range of exogenous and endogenous chemical ligands as well as physical stimuli such as heat over 42°c and changes in more diverse activators such as protons ( acid , ph<6 ) .
unlike marvel 's " mutates , " characters who develop their powers only after exposure to outside stimuli or energies ( e.g. hulk , spider - man , the fantastic four " et al " . ) , mutants are born with their powers , although they typically do n't manifest in the character until puberty .
despite their diversity , they had “ a strong belief in a common biological origin’’. the stimuli for forging group identity seemed to have been particularly strong along the frontiers of the roman empire .
in classical conditioning , the delay - reduction hypothesis states that certain discriminative stimuli ( ds ) are more effective as conditioned reinforcers ( cr ) if they signal a decrease in time to a positive reinforcer or an increase in time to an aversive stimulus or punishment .
thus , when an important ( alerting ) event occurs , learning may also affect concurrent , non attended and non salient stimuli .
aside from responding to infectious stimuli , testicular macrophages are also involved in maintaining normal testis function .
furthermore , similar changes are observed when giving stimuli mimicking the natural invasion of the embryo .
the term is used in the contexts of both human cognition , particularly in the ability of the brain to simultaneously process incoming stimuli , and in parallel computing by machines .
although at least one study has concluded that rather than being responses to political stimuli , the various revisions of the document have resulted in a " crystallization and implementation of normative ethical guidelines for israeli public broadcasting " , criticism that the document contains at least some inherent bias continues to be leveled .
the " worm " is a market research analysis tool developed by roy morgan research ( who called it ) , with the purpose of gauging an audience 's reaction to some visual stimuli over some time period .
bltc research and the abolitionist society , following pearce 's abolitionism , promote replacing the pain / pleasure axis with a robot - like response to noxious stimuli or with gradients of bliss , through genetic engineering and other technical scientific advances .
the larva selects and settles on appropriate surfaces using receptors sensitive to light , orientation to gravity , and tactile stimuli .
at this stage , insects are unresponsive to changes in the environment that will eventually trigger the end of diapause , but they grow more sensitive to these stimuli as time progresses .
sha stimuli .
being originally immersed in the new york city music / art world exposed them to myriad creative stimuli .
each member of the audience firstly fills out a questionnaire , used to describe the composition of the audience , and then each member has a dial , to which they select their feelings towards the vision or stimuli .
this form of stimuli leads to increased activation in the left frontal lobe and bilaterally in the parietal and limbic lobes .
acoustic stimuli are received by the auditive organ and are converted to bioelectric signals on the organ of corti .
k - complex have been suggested both to protect sleep and also to engage in information processing as they are both an essential part of the synchronization of nrem sleep while they also respond to both internal and external stimuli in a reactive manner .
the anchoring involved creating an emotional state that combined feelings of invulnerability , euphoria and aggression , that was then tied to various stimuli , such as the color green , the song "
intraflagellar transport ( ift ) , in which molecular motors and ift particle proteins participate , is very important in assembling and maintaining many cilia / flagella , such as the motile cilia that drive the swimming of cells and embryos , the nodal cilia that generate left - right asymmetry in vertebrate embryos , and the sensory cilia that detect sensory stimuli in some animals .
a " tropism " is a plant movement triggered by stimuli .
the concept of a " paddock paradise " is designed to encourage movement through the creation of a series of pathways or ' tracks , ' with various stimuli , such as strategically placed feeding spots and watering holes , incorporated within or alongside the track in order to activate curiosity or movement .
part of the somatosensory cortex of rats is arranged in distinct sections called barrels that account for stimuli sensed by each whisker .
this abnormal central sensitization cycle results in increased pain ( hyperalgesia ) and pain responses from previously non - noxious stimuli evoke a pain response ( allodynia ) .
overall frontal region activity increased as affective musical stimuli became more intense .
for the ppp the student has to come up with a concept for a play using one of the prescribed stimuli and it is made out of three components for hl : a pitch of 250 words , a file with various material ( images , music , videos ) that are inspiring for the creation of the play and a rationale ( 1000–1250 words)explaining the whole concepts of the performance .
this sort of behavior contrasts with the one that is primarily driven by external stimuli or by emotion , as well as with behavior that is stereotypical and automatic .
it is proposed that pleasing sensations are derived from the repeated activation of neurons due to primitive visual stimuli such as horizontal and vertical lines .
and the same stimuli , or absence of them , may result in different percepts depending on subject ’s culture and previous experiences .
the mechanism of response is same for both , just the stimuli vary .
these feelings are shortest in duration , extended and localizable with reference to the lived - body , and are the most readily alterable and accessible through external means and stimuli .
the memos indicate that officers were concerned that the isolation and lack of stimuli was driving ali saleh kahlah al - marri , yasser hamdi and josé padilla insane .
while plants can communicate through chemical signals , and certainly have complex responses to stimuli , the belief that they possess advanced affective or cognitive abilities receives only recent support .
using gambits , the player may set reactions to different stimuli for each character .
movements of the mandible made past the extents functionally allowed by the muscular attachments will result in painful stimuli , and thus , movements past these more limited borders are rarely achieved in normal function .
because it is impossible to desensitize a horse to every possible source of fear , the ultimate goal is to teach the horse to trust the judgement of its human handler and not react with fright to an unknown stimuli but rather to wait and listen to its handler .
weber 's law essentially states that how much people perceive physical stimuli to change depends on how big a stimulus is .
the temperature sensitivity of trpa1 is highly disputed , with some reports claiming that it is activated by noxiously cold stimuli and others disputing such a claim .
this seems to play an important role in nicotine addiction — probably by facilitating a dopamine release in the nucleus accumbens as a response to nicotine stimuli .
he asserted that this instability could , if understood , be directed and controlled , allowing the creation of “ intelligent ” polymers – materials that sense and respond to stimuli .
in early 2008 , legal issues between virgin records and def jam left sha stimuli without a management team and label .
the placement of vibration on the cochlea depends upon the frequency of the presented stimuli .
this damage causes impaired performance on object recognition tasks with a variety of visual stimuli , including colours , familiar objects , and new shapes .
in this paper he introduced the underlying concept of a psychological continuum for a particular ' project in measurement ' involving the comparison between a series of stimuli , such as weights and handwriting specimens , in pairs .
stimuli that fill the entire visual field are more likely to cause seizures than those that appear in only a portion of the visual field .
each of the following can cause remarkably intense venoconstriction without obvious value to the organism : emotional stimuli ( e.g. startle , apprehension , discomfort ) , hyperventilation , deep inspiration , and the valsalva maneuver ( rowell .
the group has been particularly interested in how sensory stimuli as symbols are able to penetrate ( i.e. , find their way ) to those neurocognitive models mediating meaning and signification , and how models express themselves in symbolic action and cultural artifacts .
thermal stimuli are quantified by using a probe that operates on the peltier principle .
dr. ormont 's interventions are designed to work in concert to protect group members from exposure to toxic stimuli or noxious emotional interchanges within the group , while recognizing and supporting the personal strengths of group members .
response to visual sexual stimuli .
tactile memory representations are similar in nature to visual representations , although there is not enough data to reliably compare the strength of the two kinds of stimuli .
subjective data , if understood in this way , would be comparable to knowledge by acquaintance , in that it is based on direct experience of stimuli .
they then wait for stimuli to arise within them , and follow each impulse expressing movement or sound .
a number of studies have demonstrated that the semantically based repetition priming approach can not explain spacing effects in recognition memory for stimuli such as unfamiliar faces , and nonwords that are not amenable to semantic analysis ( russo , parkin , taylor , & wilks , 1998 ; russo et al . , 2002 ; mammarella , russo , & avons , 2005 ) .
it is released in response to a variety of chemical and physical stimuli .
it is known to be involved in modulating behavioral responses to stimuli that activate feelings of reward ( motivation ) and reinforcement through the neurotransmitter dopamine .
bottom up processes such as edge detection and the exploration of visual stimuli are engaged during this type of aesthetic perception .
it is characterized by a lack of cd8 + t cells and the presence of circulating cd4 + t cells which are unresponsive to t - cell receptor ( tcr)-mediated stimuli .
secondly , avoidance behaviour towards the workplace or associated stimuli has developed .
the amygdala are associated with both emotional learning and memory , as it responds strongly to emotional stimuli , especially fear .
through the study of science and sport , researchers have developed a greater understanding on how the human body reacts to exercise , training , different environments and many other stimuli .
the use of perceptual organization to create meaning out of stimuli is the principle behind other well - known illusions including impossible objects .
finally , knowing how bacteria behave under different stimuli may facilitate the development of engineered bacteria that perform certain functions , such as clearing oil spills .
skill usually requires certain environmental stimuli and situations to assess the level of skill being shown and used .
by increasing the efficiency and number of ampa receptors at the synapse , future excitatory stimuli generate larger postsynaptic responses .
the sympathetic nervous system controls cutaneous vascular tone and altered response of this system to stimuli such as heat likely results in the observed microvascular symptoms .
the subjects showed a mismatch response ( mmn ) anyway , suggesting that the processing of the grammatical errors was happening automatically , regardless of attention — or at least that subjects were unable to consciously separate their attention from the speech stimuli .
studies have found that activity of the corrugator muscle , which lowers the eyebrow and is involved in producing frowns , varies inversely with the emotional valence of presented stimuli and reports of mood state .
eidetic imagery can be so vivid as to mimic actual perception of stimuli , which can be much like a hallucination .
as sequel to chuck d’ cheeky chat , dancing delusions applies the same concept to a mental process that is seemingly random and mere succession of unrelated thoughts and memories but are essentially triggered by related stimuli .
so maddox , helped by the girls uncle , is able to observe baby sphere at close range , learn how it reacts to different stimuli , etc .
dick claimed that valis used " disinhibiting stimuli " to communicate , using symbols to trigger recollection of intrinsic knowledge through the loss of amnesia , achieving gnosis .
they occur spontaneously but also occur in response to external stimuli such as sounds , touches on the skin and internal ones such as inspiratory interruptions .
it may be necessary for only one sense to be bombarded by stimuli to affect that sense as well as the other senses and the thinking process .
in a stricter sense , hallucinations are defined as perceptions in a conscious and awake state in the absence of external stimuli which have qualities of real perception , in that they are vivid , substantial , and located in external objective space .
for example , some studies showed that " shadowers " ( subjects who listen to auditory stimuli and repeat it as quickly as possible ) could not shadow as quickly when words were jumbled up so they did n't mean anything ; those results suggested that sentence structure and speech context also contribute to the process of activation and selection .
qst relies on analysis of a patient ’s response to external stimuli of controlled intensity .
stimuli received through several senses excite more neurons in several localized areas of the cortex , thereby reinforcing the learning process and improving retention .
the spatial rule ( meredith & stein 1986 , see also king & palmer , 1985 ) states that multisensory integration is more likely or stronger when the constituent unisensory stimuli arise from approximately the same location .
they conducted recording experiments where they inserted electrodes into the brain , while the toad was presented with worm or anti - worm stimuli .
due to the consistency of the p300 response to novel stimuli , a brain - computer interface can be constructed which relies on it .
a number of transmembrane receptors for molecules that include peptide hormones and of intracellular receptors for steroid hormones exist , giving to a cell the ability to respond to a great number of hormonal and pharmacological stimuli .
another common technique for inducing pratyahara is to first reduce physical stimuli , then concentrate on one sense , such as hearing .
in turn , alpha motor neurons relay the stimuli received down their axons via the ventral root of the spinal cord .
a central theme of ionomics is the study of changes in the ionome in response to “ physiological stimuli , developmental state and genetic modifications ” .
crickets were presented with signal plus noise stimuli and the spikes from cercal interneurons due to this input were recorded .
dr. lozanov denies all the " mechanical " stimuli .
this network can be activated by a variety of stimuli that are captured by a variety of senses and subsequently encoded into memory , and is thus cross modal .
unicellular organisms may also respond to environmental stimuli through the activation of signal transduction pathways .
the skin of the nipple is rich in a supply of special nerves that are sensitive to certain stimuli .
psychophysiological measures are often used to study emotion and attention responses in response to stimuli .
as such , those media are predicted to be associated with higher cognitive effort ; in this case due primarily to a phenomenon known as information overload , which is characterized by individuals having more communicative stimuli to process than they are able to .
the association between stimuli and the aversive events they predict may be mediated by long - term potentiation , a lingering potential for affected synapses to react more readily .
and their combination of connections made up the ever - changing algorithm which dictated the brain 's response to stimuli .
skinner releasing technique ( srt ) is a training method in which certified teachers employ imagery , voice and music as stimuli for unstructured , improvised movements in their students .
this period , then , is important for helping the child attend to differences in sensory stimuli , which in turn can lead to a greater ability to impose a mental order on his environment .
the men had various degrees of sensitivity to things such as touch , taste , light , and other forms of stimuli .
discerning between familiar and unfamiliar stimuli allows for rapid threat appraisals in often hostile environments .
notably water jet stimuli , that activates these neurons , elicits longer latency non - mauthner initiated c - starts .
in the case of visual stimuli , the mmn occurs after an infrequent change in a repetitive sequence of images .
photosensitivity affects approximately one in four thousand people and is a form of epilepsy in which seizures are triggered by visual stimuli that form patterns in time or space , such as flashing lights , bold regular patterns , or regular moving patterns .
it may ensue ( as a physiological reaction ) from jokes , tickling or other stimuli .
when two stimuli , which are different in size , are simultaneously and briefly displayed , the observer is more likely to perceive the larger of the two , while missing the other .
in an attempt to model how the brain learns , a temporal difference learning algorithm has been developed which takes into account expected reward , stimuli presence , reward evaluation , temporal error , and individual differences .
smart materials are materials that have one or more properties that can be significantly changed in a controlled fashion by external stimuli , such as stress , temperature , moisture , ph , electric or magnetic fields .
they have also been used to perform biometric functions such as fingerprint recognition , vein feature extraction , face tracking , and generating visual stimuli via emergent patterns to gauge perceptual resonances .
the remember - know paradigm with epilepsy patients to distinguish whether or not a stimuli ( picture of a face ) was familiar or not .
aggression is directed to and often originates from outside stimuli , but has a very distinct internal character .
when presented with kanizsa triangle , patients were able to correctly report the presence of stimuli in both contralesional and ipsilesional hemispheres , due to their unconscious processing of the whole field to produce the illusion .
montessori observed several overlapping periods during which the child is particularly sensitive to certain types of stimuli or interactions .
if pleasure increases as stimuli decreases , then the ultimate experience of pleasure for freud would be zero stimulus , or death .
others view animal behaviour simply as responses to stimuli ; this is the way behaviourists look at the evidence , pavlov 's dogs ( or rather his explanation of their behaviour ) being the best - known example .
reward circuits are neurons in the brain responsible for feelings of pleasure and reinforcement in response to positive stimuli such as food , sex , and social interaction .
( i.e. , a sequence or class of automated actions ) that are triggered by associative stimuli , habit strengths , and re - enforcers , and can be executed without delay ( anderson , 1995 ; schmidt , 1975 , 1988 ) .
technology -- the discovery of a mysterious " platinum group " element , designated " metal x " , which catalyzes the total conversion of matter to energy under the proper stimuli ( specified to include an electric current with simultaneous activation by the radiation field produced by an early particle accelerator ) ; the further discovery that such activated metal can generate a field which is capable of accelerating a ship to faster than light velocities at accelerations ( relative to the external universe ) on the order of c , inferred to mean 300,000,000 m / s / s or 30 million g , but with forces inside the ship of no more than 10 - 20 g ; and that such activated metal can be directed to focus on a single specific mass ( such as the earth ) for location and direction .
the fifth trial block has the category labels switch sides , and gives participants a chance to practice grouping stimuli from the category , with the new orientation of the labels ( e.g. flower , bug ) .
several reports have demonstrated that caspase-8 , and its substrate bid , are frequently activated in response to certain apoptotic stimuli in a death receptor - independent manner .
skinner put forward a " three term contingency model " which helped promote analysis of behavior based on the " stimulus - response - consequence model " in which the critical question is : " under which circumstances or antecedent ' stimuli ' does the organism engage in a particular behavior or ' response ' , which in turn produces a particular ' consequence ' ? "
they have the chameleon - like ability to change colour during rivalry challenges between males , and in response to temperature change and other stimuli .
the probe stimuli contained information that would be common knowledge only to someone with fbi training .
it has been found that two converging bimodal stimuli can produce a perception that is not only different in magnitude than the sum of its parts , but also quite different in quality .
they may however remain resting during this period until they receive a signal that a host is near - vibrations ( including sound ) , heat , and carbon dioxide are all stimuli indicating the probable presence of a host .
the positive effects of rhythmic musical stimuli on movement disorders were also studied by thaut and colleagues who concluded that : “ one of the most exciting findings in this area of research … may be the evidence that the interaction between auditory rhythm and physical response can be effectively harnessed for specific therapeutic purposes in the rehabilitation of persons with movement disorders ” .
thus the 5 ' cap is a marker of an actively translating mrna and is used by cells to regulate mrna half - lives in response to new stimuli .
a compelling example presented is sensitivity to " mismatch " stimuli .
instead , they have outlined alternative theories of how modularization might emerge over the course of development , as a result of a system gradually refining and fine - tuning its responses to environmental stimuli .
in subsequent research , it has been found that response times increase for degraded stimuli and can decrease when participants are allowed to practice mentally rotating imagery ( sternberg 247 ) .
their processing of visual stimuli does not allow them to identify objects easily ; effectively , they can see but are still perceptually blind .
this was found in , and is illustrated by the following example from , structural information theory which is a computational gestalt theory about visual form perception that models percepts by simplest hierarchical codes ( i.e. , most compact descriptions ) of symbol strings representing visual stimuli .
in fact vcp also conveys painful stimuli .
in a biological perspective , a bow tie holds and manages a large " fan in " of stimuli ( input ) , it accounts for a " compressed " " core " , and it expresses again a large " fan out " of possible phenotypes , metabolite products , or -more generally- reusable modules .
depending on the season in which diapause occurs , either short or long days can act as token stimuli .
there are three main intracellular stimuli that can result in the vasodilation of blood vessels .
a plausible model , therefore , is that these neurons augment the role of the hippocampus in the negative feedback mechanism of the hpa - axis ( physiological stress ) and perhaps in inhibiting the amygdala ( the region of brain responsible for fearful responses to stimuli ) .
in patients blind from a young age , the area has been found to be activated by somatosensory stimuli .
this a safety mechanism that arises when there is lack of electrical impulse or stimuli from the atrium .
similar results have also ben reported for activation of the parahipppocampul place area ( ppa ) in response to stimuli depicting places and spatial layouts ; and in the extrastriate body area ( eba ) in response to human body parts .
deprivation of language stimuli during this period can lead to severe language defects .
many stimuli that one is at first neutral to , or even finds pleasant , can turn into annoyances from repeated continued exposure .
various environmental stimuli ( depicted in ovals ) signal activation ( arrows ) or repression ( line ending in a perpendicular bar ) of the translationally - competent open rpos mrna via translation - stimulating factors hfq , hu , and dsra. rpos can then be translated to rpos ( σs ) .
since the only thing they can produce is ba or pa , they will perceive any of the synthetic stimuli along the continuum as either ba or pa , whichever it is closer to .
thus , we can say that the pigeon starts to respond differently in the presence of these two stimuli ( right key lit or not lit ) .
as similar to or different from stimuli that are described as red , green , blue , and yellow , ” ( the unique hues ) .
in her assessment : " perhaps also because reality was grayer and more deprived of visual stimuli , the books themselves worked as aesthetic markers .
a judgment occurs when a person compares at least two stimuli and makes a choice about them .
sha stimuli is the younger brother of producer and rapper lord digga , through whom he was introduced to known brooklyn rappers such as notorious b.i.g and masta ace .
controlling environmental stimuli can also be helpful , such as a well - lit but relaxing environment to minimise visual misinterpretations such as the visual hallucinations mentioned above .
marks has also suggested that the participants of remote viewing experiments are influenced by subjective validation , a process through which correspondences are perceived between stimuli that are in fact associated purely randomly .
the controlling stimuli is nonverbal , " the whole of the physical environment " .
the mesolimbic pathway is one of the dopaminergic pathways in the brain that modulates behavioral responses to rewarding stimuli .
this research showed how all temperament types responded to the stimuli the same way , but different temperaments move through the responses at different times .
the membrane is designed to receive and conduct stimuli .
absence of self - awareness is frequently seen in eating disorder patients , causing them to react to situations , feelings and other stimuli emotionally rather than rationally .
these stimuli cause the destruction of cells and expose their dna , histones , and other proteins , particularly parts of the cell nucleus .
telepresence requires that the senses of the user , or users , are provided with such stimuli as to give the feeling of being in that other location .
it supports auditory and visual stimuli creation and delivery , records responses from nearly any input device and allows control of parallel port , serial port , ip and ni - daq for communication to and from fmri devices , response devices , eye trackers and brain imaging equipment .
movalyzer can generate animated audiovisual stimuli which can be edited using its stimulus editor .
her savage instincts could be triggered by chemical stimuli given off by other plodex .
neuralgia can be further classified by the type of stimuli that elicits a response : mechanical , thermal , or chemical .
in some cases , specific television programs featuring certain types of visual stimuli have provoked seizures in a small minority of television viewers , including some viewers with no prior history of seizures of any kind .
they remain in the dry pool bed until rains and other environmental stimuli hatch them .
in captivity , dolphins seemingly enter a fully asleep state where both eyes are closed and there is no response to mild external stimuli .
an individual 's genetic make - up dictates the response to weight training stimuli to some extent .
a pseudohallucination is an involuntary sensory experience vivid enough to be regarded as a hallucination , but recognised by the patient not to be the result of external stimuli .
people were assumed to be " uniformly controlled by their biologically based ' instincts ' and that they react more or less uniformly to whatever ' stimuli ' came along " ( lowery & deffleur , 1995 , p. 400 ) .
these rooms are specially designed to deliver stimuli to various senses , using lighting effects , color , sounds , music , scents , etc .
with higher capacity screening techniques , the expression of many genes simultaneously in response to social stimuli will provide a more complete picture .
two stimuli , one of which is neutral and one of which is threatening , appear randomly on either side of the screen .
the resulting sales increase reflects a change in demand as a result of consumers responding to stimuli that potentially drive additional sales .
thus , an ecosystem results from the sum of individual responses of organisms to stimuli from elements in the environment .
the unconscious motivations and stimuli , often contradictory , go beyond objective rationality .
this explains why search times are longer when distractors share one or more features with the target stimuli .
the first scientific studies identifying neurons that responded in ways that suggested they encode for conditioned stimuli came from work by rusty richardson and mahlon delong .
oxytocin secretion in response to suckling or vagino - cervical stimulation is mediated by some of these pathways ; vasopressin secretion in response to cardiovascular stimuli arising from chemoreceptors in the carotid body and aortic arch , and from low - pressure atrial volume receptors , is mediated by others .
research done by pavlovskaya , sagi , soroker and ring show that visual extinction is dependent on simple stimuli properties .
sensory neurons change their activities by firing sequences of action potentials in various temporal patterns , with the presence of external sensory stimuli , such as light , sound , taste , smell and touch .
a hallucination is defined as sensory perception in the absence of external stimuli .
the adult auditory sound map is more readily altered if the bird was exposed to abnormal stimuli earlier in life , during a sensitive period .
mechanoreceptors are primary neurons that respond to mechanical stimuli by firing action potentials .
there are also considerable similarities in the immediate processing of stimuli by lateral inhibition .
verbal tasks using nonverbal stimuli .
in its beginning the german high church movement was inspired by the 95 theses " stimuli et clavi " by pastor heinrich hansen ( 1917 ) .
the iat measures the associative strength between categories ( e.g. bug , flower ) and attributes ( e.g. bad , good ) by having participants rapidly classify stimuli that represent the categories and attributes of interest on a computer .
( 4 ) successive processing involves the integration of stimuli into serial order .
data are sense stimuli , or their
ekaggatā or " singlepointedness " , as a jhāna 's factor , simply means a very deep concentration , which includes the ceasing of stimuli from the exterior world .
therefore , the damming stimuli of the sound and feel of moving water decrease the further they dam on the fence .
neurons in sensory regions of the brain respond to stimuli by firing one or more nerve impulses ( action potentials ) following stimulus presentation .
other stimuli will be ignored .
to compute the sta , the stimulus in the time window preceding each spike is extracted , and the resulting ( spike - triggered ) stimuli are averaged ( see diagram ) .
in 1868 , the relationship between having multiple stimuli and the choice reaction time was reported by franciscus donders .
in high - level perception , humans make representations by selecting relevant information from low - level stimuli .
they presented owls with sound stimuli while recordings were made from the optic tectum .
for example a study done on the brains of non - homosexual transsexuals using mri and pheromones as stimuli found that transsexuals process smelling androgen and estrogen in the same way that women do .
the ability to respond to external stimuli will also decrease .
the monster , unable to feed on the stimuli on kishin 's emotions due to his love for aiko , leaves him in the seas of japan , where she and the bullies rescue him while it retreats back to the oceans .
in their words , " ... [ perception ] accords not with the features of the retinal stimulus or the properties of the underlying objects , but with what the same or similar stimuli have typically signified in the past " .
at the molecular level , sensory receptors located on the cell membrane of sensory neurons are responsible for the conversion of stimuli into electrical impulses .
2 - 04 : the infinity project - stimuli
although goolsby did not report the total reading durations of his trials , they can be derived from the mean tempos of his 12 skilled and 12 unskilled participants for each of the four stimuli .
the college consistently strives to provide stimuli for the intellectual development of the students and firmly believes in upholding the dignity , uniqueness and value of each student .
gamma waves are observed as neural synchrony from visual cues in both conscious and subliminal stimuli .
responses to these stimuli are impaired in premature infants due to immaturity of specialized regions of the brain that sense these changes .
