one of his greatest achievements was the introduction hindustani strains into malayalam popular music .
pathogenic strains .
the east central florida ecotype may be more easily moved than other strains because its roots grow over nine or ten months every year —
the resulting strains of virus were less well - suited for human cells , and are thus said to be " attenuated " .
this performance is attributed to the facile strain relaxation that allows for accommodations of large strains while maintaining good contact with the current collector and efficient 1d electron transport along the nanowire .
many argue the strains of playing football in the desert heat was the primary reason for the wranglers ' late season collapse .
velogenic strains produce severe nervous and respiratory signs , spread rapidly and cause up to 90% mortality .
he broke his left hand in his rookie season(hit by david tanabe , carolina hurricanes ) , and had various sprains and strains in his sophomore year .
in addition , the fembots were introduced to the strains of the opening and closing notes of the song in ' .
about 50 - 70% of " h. pylori " strains in western countries carry the " cag " pathogenicity island ( " cag " pai ) .
the work focuses on genetically engineering proprietary yeast strains for the efficient production of xylitol from xylose .
attempts to generate capital by becoming a migrant worker also have negative social effects including added strains on family structure and increased pressure on women to provide for their children alone .
" cronobacter " was first proposed as a new genus in 2007 as a clarification of the taxonomic relationship of the biogroups found among strains of " enterobacter sakazakii " .
resistance to non – b - lactam antibiotics is common in strains making any of these enzymes , such that alternative options for non – b - lactam therapy need to be determined by direct susceptibility testing .
it is synthesized from strains of " streptomyces antibioticus " .
one of the first dapy compounds , dapivirine ( with r1= 2,4,6-trimethylanilino , r2 = r3 = h and y = nh ) was found to be effective against drug - resistant hiv-1 strains .
several incidents in norwegian maritime waters , notably the altmark incident in jøssingfjord , put great strains on norway 's ability to assert its neutrality .
muller — with about 250 strains of " drosophila "— moved to edinburgh in september 1937 , after a brief stay in madrid and paris .
still , peorth 's incessant flirting with keiichi puts some strains upon this new relationship .
" starwater strains " is a collection of short stories by gene wolfe .
it is now known that there is enormous antigenic variation in " orientia tsutsugamushi " strains , and immunity to one strain does not confer immunity to another .
thus , [ psi+ ] strains deficient in nata acetyltransferase have been found to have an altered interaction between sup35p[psi+ ] and nascent sup35p .
many strains of " a. flavus " exhibit a greenish fluorescence under uv light that is correlated with levels of aflatoxin production .
brisbane 's population growth placed strains on south east queensland 's transport system .
most trichoderma strains have no sexual stage but instead produce only asexual spores .
he developed more than 800 strains and varieties of plants over his 55-year career .
development and evaluation of a combination antiviral regimen against these potential pandemic influenza strains are also now under way . "
the introduction of recruitment for the levy in the vendée , a political and religiously conservative region , added to local discontent over other revolutionary directives emanating from paris , and on 11 march the vendée erupted into civil war — just days after france declared war on spain and adding further strains on the french armies ' limited manpower .
two posters presented at the meeting also demonstrated that oritavancin was more active than either metronidazole or vancomycin against strains of clostridium difficile tested .
the family of bonts comprises seven antigenically distinct serotypes ( a to g ) that are produced by various toxigenic strains of spore - forming anaerobic " clostridium botulinum " .
unfortunately , increasing age and the strains of running a high - profile sporting team had taken its toll on tony vandervell 's health .
found in the caucasus region the breed is the result of crossing brown swiss and kostroma cattle onto the local cattle to produce a variable breed depending on the local stock , with strains for dairy and dairy - beef production .
in addition to these annual epidemics , influenza a virus strains caused three global pandemics during the 20th century : the spanish flu in 1918 , asian flu in 1957 , and hong kong flu in 1968–69 .
erythropoietin injections can create too many red blood cells , which make the blood thicker and the thicker blood strains the heart .
on this higher inland terrain spanish xarel·lo and macabeo grapes form the overwhelming majority , but penedès growers have long experimented with small plantations of french and german strains , with notable quantities of muscat d’alexandrie , riesling , gewürztraminer , chenin blanc and chardonnay being more recently introduced , largely to diversify the range of grapes available for blending , which plays such an important part in cava production .
only a few blood strains are barely perceptible .
two strains were developed : the rough- and smooth - coated varieties .
since dikyklos ( " δίκυκλος " ) and tetrakyklos ( " τετράκυκλος " ) mean nothing but " two - wheeler " and " four - wheeler , " and since the monokyklos ( " μονόκυκλος " ) body is sandwiched in the eleusis inventory between a four - wheeler body and its four wheels , to take it as anything but a one - wheeler strains credulity far beyond breaking point .
although relations with libya improved with the presidency of idriss déby , strains persist .
scholars have identified two major strains of 18th - century feminism : " tory feminism " and " enlightenment feminism " .
isolates from 30 cases of tuberculosis in six species of pinniped and seven related isolates were compared to representative and standard strains of the m. tuberculosis complex .
microscopic morphology of the micro and macroconidia is the most reliable identification character , but a good slide preparation is needed , and also needed is the stimulation of sporulation in some strains .
strains of lab are the most common microbes employed as probiotics .
one advantage and weakness of the hayday nomenclature is that it is based on the gene order in the b6 genome , but this might not apply to other strains .
with the adoption of the 1977 protocols to the geneva conventions , the two strains of law began to converge .
the genomes of " p. fluorescens " strains sbw25 , pf-5 and pfo-1 have been sequenced .
despite these conditions , schatz took only 3 months to isolate two strains of actinobacteria capable of stopping the growth of several penicillin - resistant bacteria , on october 19 , 1943 .
resistance to multiple strains of both tev and pemov has been confirmed by repeated experiments at the texas agricultural experiment station in weslaco , texas .
the harmless strains are part of the normal flora of the gut , and can benefit their hosts by producing vitamin k2 , and by preventing the establishment of pathogenic bacteria within the intestine .
conservatism in germany encompasses a large number of strains of the past three hundred years .
the last strains of the theme are heard , and the piece ends on a pedal f in the bassoon part .
however , in highly virulent strains , such as h5n1 , the hemagglutinin can be cleaved by a wide variety of proteases , allowing the virus to spread throughout the body .
the first polio vaccine , developed by jonas salk , is an " inactivated poliovirus vaccine " ( ipv ) , consisting of a mixture of three wild , virulent strains of poliovirus , grown in a type of monkey kidney tissue culture ( vero cell line ) , and made noninfectious by formalin treatment .
it infects most strains of " escherichia coli " ( including ' , a strain of " e. coli " which can cause foodborne illness ) .
it created severe strains in the civil administration of the confederation , and it caused the break - up of appenzell canton along religious lines .
wizards avoid doing so because narrative that severely strains credibility requires outright sources of magic to feed on , sometimes indiscriminately .
this stems from the fact that many microorganisms are not easily obtainable as cultured strains in the laboratory , which would allow for indentification and characterisation .
the gene - targeting approach uses a specially designed rna enzyme to inhibit strains of the herpes simplex virus .
more recent studies have shown that the r - value of a material can depend strongly on the strain even at small strains .
" three strains of hong kong influenza virus isolated from humans were compared with a strain isolated from a calf for their ability to cause disease in calves .
because of these strains , the types of accelerations discussed in terms of " g - forces , " and measured by accelerometers , may be destructive to objects and organisms .
for example , " arabidopsis thaliana " ecotypes that grow in the cold , temperate regions require prolonged vernalization before they flower , while the tropical varieties , and the most common lab strains , do n't .
pathogenic strains ofe coli bacteria survive briefly outside the body , to infect new hosts .
although the body begins to try to adapt to the strains or demands of the environment , the body can not keep this up indefinitely , so its resources are gradually depleted .
episodes 4 and 5 focus on the race itself and notably the physical and emotional strains put on the individual men , and team as a whole .
subsequent work on " e. coli " has identified a number of genes that , when mutationally inactivated , cause hypermutable strains .
while the exact details are unclear , it seems that at least something similar to " tiger rag " or various strains of it was played in new orleans before the original dixieland jass band recorded it .
pure strains of the rio grande cutthroat trout can be found in waterways .
the use of inbred strains is also important for genetic studies in animal models , for example to distinguish genetic from environmental effects .
birds with descriptions matching fallows appeared independently in several countries around 1930 , but strains were not established .
some of the stronger strains of " l. donovani " appear to be able to force a switch in the host from a th1 to a th2-type immune response as the infection progresses .
these intensive horticultural techniques have made it possible to grow strains with fewer seeds and higher potency .
some strains that swim persistently in one direction along the magnetic field ( either north seeking – ns , or south seeking – ss ) — mainly the magnetotactic cocci — are polar magneto - aerotactic .
the hiv strains have lain dormant in him for years and its source – the sole fling he ever had abroad .
even so , the h5n1 bird flu strains found in hungary and britain were shown to be 99.96% genetically identical and , according to an analysis of the viruses by the veterinary laboratories agency in weybridge , surrey , were almost certainly linked .
hematologic studies show an improvement in megaloblastic anemia after the addition of l. lactis strains ; this again suggests that lactic acid bacteria can potentially reverse some of the harm done by folate deficiency by acting as an essential , bioavailable vitamin .
while jessica and melissa 's relationship is on the rocks , newcomer gingi strains the group dynamic .
it is thought to be a mutation of four known strains of the influenza a virus , subtype h1n1 : one endemic in ( normally infecting ) humans , one endemic in birds , and two endemic in pigs ( swine ) .
the use of different strains of yeasts are a major contributor to the diversity of wine , even among the same grape variety .
reduces the degradation of ubiquitin - conjugated proteins in mammalian cells and permeable strains of yeast by the 26s complex without affecting its atpase or isopeptidase activities .
a study done in 1983 ( cairns ) produced both highly aggressive male and female strains of mice dependent on certain developmental periods to have this more aggressive behavior expressed .
new methodology and the inclusion of approaches based on the studies of conservative macromolecules have reclassified many strains .
this species demonstrates strong genetic selection of certain physiological strains ( prosser 1957 ) .
california has both statutory and common - law strains of authority protecting slightly different forms of the right .
the city government , essentially bankrupt after hurricane katrina , pushed for a scaled back celebration to limit strains on city services .
for example , a recent study published in the june issue of nature biotechnology emphasized the urgent need for augmentation of oseltamivir ( tamiflu ) stockpiles with additional antiviral drugs including zanamivir ( relenza ) based on an evaluation of the performance of these drugs in the scenario that the 2009 h1n1 ' swine flu ' neuraminidase ( na ) were to acquire the tamiflu - resistance ( his274tyr ) mutation which is currently widespread in seasonal h1n1 strains .
after the greek mainland was liberated ( october 1944 ) , the sacred band returned to greece , where strains were becoming evident in the relationship of george papandreou 's british - backed national unity government and the leftist national liberation front ( eam ) , which controlled most of the greek countryside .
this particular group of peptides have been found to play a significant role in predicting both infectivity and lethality of various viral strains .
the company is growing " jatropha curcas " in greenhouses and on plantations in latin and central america for sustainable biofuel production , while researching strains that can sustain colder temperatures for growth in the u.s.
nitinol 's extraordinary ability to accommodate large strains , coupled with its physiological and chemical compatibility with the human body have made it one of the most commonly used materials in medical device engineering and design .
several mutant strains of " c. briggsae " have also been isolated that facilitate genetic analysis of this organism . "
another paper in the series on chemotaxonomic variation in the terpenoid content of the essential oil of " cannabis " revealed that several wide - leaflet drug strains in the collection had relatively high levels of certain sesquiterpene alcohols , including guaiol and isomers of eudesmol , that set them apart from the other putative taxa .
the interest towards these strains was sought because of their ability to produce streptomycin an antibiotic against " mycobacterium tuberculosis " , the bacteria that causes tuberculosis .
in the drier areas one finds the collinsville ( 21 to 24 micron ) strains .
both sga and dslam approaches rely on these yeast knockout strains which are transformed / mated to generate haploid double mutants .
during sexual reproduction , compatible strains form short , specialized hyphae called gametangia .
through the myriad strains and links in her heredity , catherine found herself , according to masterman , related in one way or another to " half the famous names in english political history " .
chlamydia , human papillomavirus ( hpv ) , gonorrhea , herpes , hepatitis ( multiple strains ) , and other sexually transmitted diseases ( stds ) , can be transmitted through oral sex .
in the second to last intro bar , three bells and a low gong trickle into the accompaniment their ethereal strains to leave a reverent impression on the audience before the chorus begins .
many strains remain quiescent in birds until activated under stress .
he ran and organised , in collaboration with others , three courses , a third year course on ' phytomedicine ' ( plant pathology ) , a fourth year course on ' viral diseases ' whose practical component was also run and organised by him and a post - graduate course on ' origin of variation and development of strains in plant pathogens ' , in which he included a great deal of genetic engineering as an unusual ( man - made ) source of variation .
in addition , grindcore was one influence on the powerviolence movement within american hardcore punk , and has affected some strains of metalcore .
the conidia are mainly water - born to short distances , while ascospores are carried by wind to more remote places ( the distances being limited by their susceptibility to ultraviolet light).over sixty distinct strains with different pathogenetic potentials have been isolated .
akerman also faced strains on his health and personal life , due to the stress of the workload he carried ; he missed the 1977 session of the house because of an illness and his marriage ended in divorce .
all strains of " s. cerevisiae " can grow aerobically on glucose , maltose , and trehalose and fail to grow on lactose and cellobiose .
however , the company 's rapid growth led to strains in the relationship between hafner and coleman .
with the protector of the emperor ( shogun ) a figurehead himself , strains emerged between kyoto and kamakura , and in 1221 the jōkyū war broke out between the cloistered emperor go - toba and the second regent hōjō yoshitoki .
however , most clinical disease results from strains that carry either the thermostable direct hemolysin gene ( " tdh " ) or the " tdh "- related hemolysin gene ( " trh " ) or both genes .
the strains of fame as well as the vast differences between them ( including age , income , class and religion ) doomed their time together .
most influenza strains can be inactivated easily by disinfectants and detergents .
french military marches are distinct from other european marches by their emphasis on percussion and brass , often incorporating bugle calls as part of the melody or as interludes between strains .
a mathematical model was constructed to interpret the detailed temporal dynamics of regulatory gene expression during the cell cycle and differentiation process of wild - type cells as well as several mutant strains .
different strains of " p. vivax " have their own characteristic relapse pattern and timing .
racers mostly hit horizontal surfaces experiencing large high speed shear strains which may cause ligament tears .
ev71 strains from previously reported epidemics belonged to genotype a-1 , while those from recent epidemics could be divided into two genotypes , a-2 and b. "
in open pond systems the use of strains of algae that can deal with high concentrations of heavy metals could prevent other organisms from infesting these systems ( schenk et al .
yet , stresses and strains were still evident in how the student movement dealt with issues relating to the national / constitutional question with , for example , stranmillis college students’ union disaffiliating in 1980 over a policy passed at an nus conference expressing support for a campaign by republican prisoners to improve conditions in the women ’s prison in armagh .
through his 60 year career he collected 6400 yeast strains from animals , soil and plants ( including over 1000 from cacti ) , from countries all around the world .
this view was challenged , however , when it was shown that removal of pvl from the two major epidemic ca - mrsa strains resulted in no loss of infectivity or destruction of neutrophils in a mouse model .
while there can be some cross - protection against related flu strains , the best protection would be from a vaccine specifically produced for any future pandemic flu virus strain .
so far nothing is known about the relative transmissibility of the two disease strains of bse prion .
while some rum producers allow wild yeast to perform the fermentation , most use specific strains of yeast to help provide a consistent taste and predictable fermentation time .
the committee does not formally distinguish between subspecies , strains , and isolates .
rice farmers and merchants took advantage of new rice varieties , strains , fertilizers , and other technological advances .
" streptococcus iniae " is beta - hemolytic when incubated in anaerobic conditions , although it may be misidentified as alpha - hemolytic because , in some strains , zones of beta - hemolysis ( complete destruction of red blood cells in the blood agar culture media ) are surrounded by large zones of alpha - hemolysis ( incomplete destruction of red blood cells with a greenish discoloration due to breakdown of hemoglobin ) .
all known strains of " cannabis " are wind - pollinated and produce " seeds " that are technically called achenes .
phenyltoloxamine has analgesic and anti - spasmodic properties of its own and is used in combination with paracetamol , aspirin and other salicylates and other drugs in proprietary preparations available over the counter for backache , muscle strains and similar conditions .
for that matter , kkhi 's popular announcer bill agee hosted another long - running weekend program called " gilbert & sullivan & me , " which showcased one of the famous operettas by the famous british duo , complete with a running commentary on the storyline ; the program began with the opening strains of the overture to " hms pinafore " .
however , rare strains of " s. plymuthica " , " s. liquefaciens " , " s. rubidaea " , and " s. odoriferae " have caused diseases through infection .
their most popular noble strains are " borogu " from pentecost island .
to the strains of the mechanics band playing " see the conquering hero comes " , hundreds of jubilant supporters greeted the club captain , tom robson , and his team on their return to hexham railway station , and the celebrations went on long into the night at the white hart hotel , with a packed crowd gathered outside in the darkness .
wiedlin 's thin , childlike voice is a problem , however ; she does n't have much range or lung power , and when she strains to shout , she detracts from otherwise first - rate songs .
because it is the material of choice for applications requiring enormous flexibility and motion ( i.e. , peripheral stents and heart valves ) , it is necessarily exposed to much greater fatigue strains than are other metals .
one of the human strains .
also , it is important to avoid using mouse strains that are blind or that lack spatial navigation ( e.g. have unknown genetic or / and neuroanatomical lesions that disrupt hippocampal function ) .
a few of the strains of myxomycetes studied are arcyria ferruginea and arcyria cinerea , both from kochi prefecture , japan .
he was a businessman from london who had some untried seeds for new , sweeter strains of tobacco with him , as well as some untried marketing ideas .
frequently the " low brass " has one or more strains ( usually the second strain ) in which they are showcased with both speed and bombast .
cbd shares a precursor with thc and is the main cannabinoid in low - thc " cannabis " strains .
a recent evolutionary study based on 23 new full open reading frame sequences ( near - complete genomes ) found that the north american strains belonged to a single clade .
george steevens accused the two of collusion : the hopeful youth takes on himself the guilt of the entire forgery , and strains hard to exculpate his worthy father from the slightest participation in it .
a boundary - value problem based on the theory of elasticity is applied to structures expected to deform elastically , i.e. infinitesimal strains , under design loads .
strains " s. coelicolor " produce various antibiotics , including actinorhodin , methylenomycin , undecylprodigiosin , and perimycin .
in the last few years certain strains of cannabis with higher concentrations of thc and drug tourism have challenged the current policy and led to a re - examination of the current approach .
" this new strain appears to be a result of reassortment of human influenza and swine influenza viruses , in all four different strains of subtype h1n1 .
ancient strains of wheat and vegetables such as those which bede and his brothers in the monastery might have eaten are grown .
after 1612 , non - native strains of tobacco emerged as a cash crop , and plantations and other outposts from jamestown spread downstream and up the james river toward the head of navigation ( fall line ) at present - day richmond .
two glycerol units are linked together by two strains which consist of two phytanes linked together to form a chain of 32 carbon atoms .
often the handful of hybridized breeds originated in developed countries and were further hybridized with local varieties in the rest of the developing world to create high yield strains resistant to local climate and diseases .
they do not express t - cell antigen receptors ( tcr ) or pan t marker cd3 or surface immunoglobulins ( ig ) b cell receptors but they usually express the surface markers cd16 ( fcγriii ) and cd56 in humans , and nk1.1/nk1.2 in certain strains of mice .
southern blot analysis to detect is2404 and is2606 shows inconclusive rflp patterns between different strains .
other strains may have
common back injuries include sprains and strains , herniated disks , and fractured vertebrae .
congenic strains are discussed in detail in lee silver 's online book mouse genetics : concepts and applications .
however , it is unclear how frequently sexual reproduction causes genetic exchange between different strains of " plasmodium " in nature and most populations of parasitic protists may be clonal lines that rarely exchange genes with other members of their species .
the essential oil exhibited antimicrobial activity to varying degrees against all tested strains .
many common strains of cross - bred chickens exist , but none breed true or are recognized by poultry breed standards .
veiled women balancing large multi - tiered circular wooden pyramids on their heads , alight with 108 oil lamps , dance to the strains of ' rasiya ' - songs of krishna .
for example , russian schools in grozny were not abolished ( as they were in many other republics which proclaimed independence ) despite the construction of new chechen schools and the strains this put on the budget .
the resulting expressions in terms of only the strains provide constraints on the possible forms of a strain field .
individual knobs are polymorphic among strains of both maize and teosinte .
because such strains transfer chromosomal genes very efficiently , they are called hfr ( high frequency of recombination ) .
his dad 's estate is managed by his uncle , shivaram , another stentorian voice that strains the eardrums .
her ideas about slavery and opposition to mixed - race unions created strains with the schoolcraft stepchildren .
its role in therapy has been largely replaced by flucloxacillin and dicloxacillin , however the term methicillin - resistant " staphylococcus aureus " ( mrsa ) continues to be used to describe " staphylococcus aureus " strains resistant to all penicillins .
it is , however , possible that some , if not most , strains of " m. anisopliae " have lost the capability of reproducing sexually .
a preliminary analysis has also shown that several of the proteins involved in the pathophysiology of the virus are most similar to strains that cause mild symptoms in humans .
halliday also states that strains and types of prejudice against islam and muslims vary across different nations and cultures , which is not recognized in the runnymede analysis .
most of the hybrid strains also acquired a factor that increases their virulence , resulting in the development of deep - tissue infections from minor scrapes and cuts , as well as many cases of fatal pneumonia .
a number of more authoritarian strains of thought have also been influential , such as legalism .
he explains that venusian scientists are perfecting strains of yeast that can be processed into luxury foods for export .
the procession passed into the inclosure , but the excited congregation went on shouting outside the gates of the choir in similar strains : " you shall not come out unless you anathematize severus , " referring to the heretical patriarch of antioch .
mellencamp began working in earnest on his next album in 1995 after the pearl doggy shows , and the record came out in september 1996 under the title " mr. happy go lucky " — a critically - acclaimed album that saw him integrate strains of dance music ( thanks to production by renowned dance producer junior vasquez ) into his heartland rock sound .
medimmune constructs each of the three attenuated virus strains that make up the vaccine is by combining gene segments from an attenuated master donor strain with gene segments coding for the hemagglutinin and neuraminidase from one of the currently circulating wild type viruses .
thin coconut milk is what is produced when one steeps the coconut meat a second time and then strains .
it is carried on a plasmid , pymg-1 , and is therefore transmissible to other bacterial strains .
... there have been two strains of feminist thought on the subject .
this suggests the variants of the individual strains of influenza a all descended from a common ancestor .
thus , e - map studies rely upon strains with intermediate expression levels of these genes .
as their experiments in controlling people begin to fail , and kirima nagi seems to be investigating too close , the relationship between saotome and manticore strains , until kamikishiro naoko came upon them , calling for echoes .
using this technique , the " m. ulcerans " genome has been found to produce three different restriction profiles related to the origin of the strains .
usa 's uep guidelines suggest that in egg laying strains of chickens , the length of the upper beak distal from the nostrils which remains following trimming , should be 2 to 3 mm .
similarly , phenazine-1-carboxylic acid , produced by a number of pseudomonas , increases survival in soil environments and has been shown to be essential for the biological control activity of certain strains .
manufactured by of cambridge , england , and cambridge , massachusetts , the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention stockpiled 192.5 million doses of the new vaccine ( see list of common strains below ) .
on 18 august 2006 , the world health organization ( who ) changed the h5n1 avian influenza strains recommended for candidate vaccines for the first time since 2004 . "
this severely strains the country 's underdeveloped economy and finite natural resources .
mcl strains and tears are fairly common in american football .
it should be borne in mind , however , that under high cyclic strains the p alloy will exhibit some permanent resistivity change with each cycle , and cause a corresponding zero shift in the strain gauge .
it may be used as a cream for the temporary relief of minor aches and pains of muscles and joints associated with arthritis , simple backache , strains and sprains , often in compounds with other rubefacients .
diagnostic microbiology laboratories and reference laboratories are key for identifying outbreaks and new strains of " s. aureus " .
proteinaceous bacteriocins are produced by several lab strains and provide an additional hurdle for spoilage and pathogenic microorganisms .
for example , elizabeth ii said in 1973 : " ... it is as queen of canada that i am here , queen of canada and of all canadians , not just of one or two ancestral strains . "
preliminary results showed that " m. ulcerans " genomes produce three different profiles according to the three geographical origins of the strains ( type i : africa , type ii : australia and type iii : north america )
until bakewell , distinct strains developed primarily through regional geographical isolation ; such early breed types are known as landraces .
however , the call for the march and the openness of the organization in allowing other groups , even communist front groups , or communists themselves , to join in caused great strains with the lid and some other old left organizations .
first , the democrats had to confront the severe internal strains within their party at the democratic national convention .
some h5n1-infected persons treated with oseltamivir have developed resistant strains of that virus .
if it is made of rattan , it shall consist of 9 - 11 strains .
wine expert remington norman has identified two distinct strains of viognier — an " old world " strain , most common in condrieu , and a " new world " strain , which is found in the languedoc and other areas .
while preliminary these studies indicate different strains may have different risk for avenin - sensitivity
other strains of streptococci ( " bovis " and " equines " ) can also cause subacute endocarditis , usually in patients who have a form of gastrointestinal cancer .
strains cbs4732 and dl-1 are employed for recombinant protein production , strain ncyc495 is mainly used for the study of nitrate assimilation .
he realized that it was of the utmost importance to bring in the best possible breeding stock so he acquired bulls which were direct descendants of well - known strains as royal domino 2nd , royal triumph and anxiety 4th - names which spell top quality to those in the business .
the beginning of all film showings in public theaters presents the shah in various regal poses accompanied by the strains of the national anthem ...
eggs from strains in the temperate zones are more tolerant to the cold than ones from warmer regions .
as many strains of " s. aureus " are proving to be resistant to most available antibiotics , specific targeting of virulence factors with antibodies may be the next step to treating this pathogen .
however , despite this isolation , the breed has barely survived in a pure form in the 21st century , largely due to the importation of commercial strains of chickens in the 1950s .
( thc content is a measure of the herb 's drug potential and can reach 20% or more in drug strains ) .
" e. coli " is frequently used as a model organism in microbiology studies . cultivated strains ( e.g. " e. coli " k12 )
some contend that xdr - tb strains have emerged from the mismanagement of multidrug - resistant tb ( mdr - tb ) and once created , can spread from one person to another .
the old cattle breeds were replaced over with the superior strains from artificial insemination , from the 160s the black anglias of the " bullmen " was a common sight as the inseminators were so called .
especially small strains are suitable for keeping in an aquarium .
artemether ( inn ) is an antimalarial for the treatment of multi - drug resistant strains of " falciparum " malaria .
resistant strains have been isolated ; treatment should be guided by antibiotic sensitivities where available .
complete nucleotide sequences have been determined for all 3 rna segments , and previous studies of the molecular biology of the n gene ( srna ) of 28 different orov strains indicated the existence of 3 genotypes , designated i , ii , and iii . "
some have postulated that these economic strains helped to " fuel extremist movements " in south yemen which led , in turn , to many young south yemeni mujahideen joining to fight against the soviet union in afghanistan after 1979 ..
the york imperial , or york is a cultivar of apple ( " malus domestica " ) from which a number of other valuable strains and cultivars have arisen , including four sport varieties : commander york , ramey york , red yorking , and yorking .
another response to the challenge has been to create a single peptide that contains the least variable components of all the known hiv strains .
this , plus the stress joe suffers at jed 's hands , strains their relationship .
as a result , at least two distinct strains of thought advocated war with serbia , often unified in the same people .
nonactin was isolated by corbaz et al . in 1955 from bacterial strains .
however , colistin - resistant strains of k. pneumoniae have been reported in greek icus .
his music is known for its distinctive blend of old world electronic music with the more modern strains of electronica , creating a rich and colourful body of work steeped in emotion and expression .
the emphasis on advanced cultivation techniques , as well as the availability of hybrid strains ( with names like " northern lights " , " master kush " , " nyc diesel " ) , is believed to be a factor in the increase in the overall quality and variety of commercially - available cannabis over the past few decades .
although it has been widely circulated that " aphanizomenon flos - aquae " as a species has both toxic and non - toxic forms , the latest research has shown that while some species within the genus " aphanizomenon " can produce toxins , the species " aphanizomenon flos - aquae " does not and that strains previously labeled as this type were incorrectly identified .
one vulnerability of all influenza strains is that they need viral neuraminidase , ns1 influenza protein and hemagglutinin in order to infect a body .
tetrad analysis can be used to confirm whether a phenotype is caused by a specific mutation , construction of strains , and for investigating gene interaction .
it has been considered potentially autobiographical , written during deepening strains in poe 's relationship with his foster - father john allan .
this is because the genes involved are often highly recombining and mobile between strains in comparison with the population genetic framework .
due to weather conditions his first two harvests where damaged by rust , this spurred farrer to develop strains that were resistant to rust .
in attempts to generate s.cerevisiae strains that are able to ferment d - xylose the xyl1 and xyl2 genes of " p. stipitis " coding for the xr and xdh respectively were introduced to s. cerevisiae by means of genetic engineering .
deep heat is a greaseless , and stainless formulation that temporarily relieves the pain of fibrositis , lumbago , muscular aches and strains .
a pan - genome is the entire gene pool for that pathogen species and includes genes which are not shared by all strains .
the poem has anti - intellectual undertones and seems to idealize pagan love as a contrast to both polifemo 's unavailing lamentations that mirror the courtly love poetry popular throughout both medieval christendom and the early renaissance in addition to the reemerging platonic strains of thought .
another cause of discrepancy is the difference in strains that were tested for .
tarrant further strains relations with the unnamed by revealing this fact to the patriarch , and is dragged off to his own personal hell for his transgressions .
the reza asil family according the old ( western ) gamefowl literature is subdivided into following strains : ( amir ) ghan ( dark - red ) , sonatol(light - red ) , ( siyah ) rampur(black ) , kalkatiya ( kaptan)(speckled - reds ) and jawa(duckwing ) .
o. lucimarinus " is found in high - light environments and represents surface - isolated strains .
as economic growth accelerated in demerara and essequibo , strains began to appear in the relations between the planters and the dutch west india company .
the first antibiotic that was ever reported from a bacterium comes from strains of " s. griseus " .
none of the colonial powers , however , possessed the resources to withstand the strains of both world wars and maintain their direct rule in asia .
h3n2 ( " swine flu " ) is endemic in pigs in china , and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains .
he finally turns nicki into a vampire , which strains their friendship .
films starring tom mix and the " modernistic " strains of the latest foxtrots and tangos were some of the many cultural imports .
bacteria which penetrate the mucous layer are dealt with a second line of defense which includes antimicrobial peptides that are secreted by the surface epithelium of the respiratory tract which kill many strains of bacteria .
efforts have been underway to breed strains of corn ( maize ) that are resistant to the southwestern corn borer .
it has been suggested that brood care is reduced in aquarium strains .
to give ltbi treatment to someone with active tb is a serious error : the tb will not be adequately treated and there is a risk of developing drug - resistant strains of tb .
some physical diseases are believed to have a mental component derived from the stresses and strains of everyday living .
genetic loci associated with susceptibility to iddm have been identified in the nod mouse strain through the development of congenic mouse strains , which have identified several insulin dependent diabetes ( idd ) loci .
thiostrepton is a natural cyclic oligopeptide antibiotic , derived from several strains of strepromycetes , such as " streptomyces azureus " and " streptomyces laurentii " .
tigecycline is active against many gram - positive bacteria , gram - negative bacteria and anaerobes – including activity against methicillin - resistant " staphylococcus aureus " ( mrsa ) and multi - drug resistant strains of acinetobacter baumannii .
these hybrid strains have combinations of traits derived from both parental types .
poly-γ-glutamic acid ( γ-pga ) produced by various strains of " bacillus " has potential applications as a thickener in the food industry .
it was carried in state to the strains of the boar 's head carol .
