the rhinoceros beetles or rhino beetle are a subfamily ( dynastinae ) of beetles in the family of scarab beetles ( scarabaeidae ) .
webbing is also present in the australasian semiaquatic hydromyines ( subfamily murinae ) of the genera " baiyankamys " , " hydromys " , and " crossomys " ; in the latter , it is most well - developed .
potassium voltage - gated channel subfamily h member 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " kcnh1 " gene .
the regent skipper ( " euschemon rafflesia " ) , at one time included in the pyrgine tribe tagiadini , is actually the single most distinct living species of skipper butterflies , and warrants recognition in a subfamily of its own .
the ocellated woodcreeper ( " xiphorhynchus ocellatus " ) is a species of bird in the dendrocolaptinae subfamily of the ovenbird family ( furnariidae ) .
the extinct orchid " m. caribea " has been placed within the extant tribe cranichideae , subtribe goodyerinae ( subfamily orchidoideae ) .
" tillandsia bartramii " or bartram 's airplant is a species of flowering plant in the bromeliad family , subfamily tillandsioideae .
the vibraphone , sometimes called the vibraharp or simply the vibes , is a musical instrument in the mallet subfamily of the percussion family .
this gene belongs to the subfamily of ubiquitously expressed heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins ( hnrnps ) .
this genus is currently placed in the subfamily chrysallidinae of the family odostomiidae .
" anophthalmolabis " is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily " anophthalmolabiinae " .
this subfamily contains the true murex , and many other closely related genera .
the subfamily cuculinae are the brood - parasitic cuckoos of the old world .
in 1998 , kazmierski revised the tydeinae subfamily , this time using ornamentation and other features , and reestablished the genus " lorryia " .
this gene encodes a proprotein convertase belonging to the proteinase k subfamily of the secretory subtilase family .
" einfeldia " is a genus of european non - biting midges in the subfamily chironominae of the bloodworm family chironomidae .
the scarab beetle subfamily scarabaeinae consists of species collectively called true dung beetles .
lim kinase-1 and lim kinase-2 belong to a small subfamily with a unique combination of 2 n - terminal lim motifs and a c - terminal protein kinase domain .
subfamily coeliadinae .
it is the only species in the mono - generic family pteridophyllaceae , which is sometimes treated as a subfamily of papaveraceae .
the dwarf antelopes are sometimes placed in a separate subfamily , neotraginae , and live entirely in sub - saharan africa .
" pseudamnicola " is the type genus of the subfamily pseudamnicolinae .
" paracladopelma " is a genus of palearctic and nearctic non - biting midges in the subfamily chironominae of the bloodworm family chironomidae .
the biak dark crow ( " euploea albicosta " ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the danainae subfamily .
thus , the bulk of the phasianidae can alternatively be treated as a single subfamily phasianinae .
mutisioideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the sunflower family , asteraceae .
the styrian ringlet ( " erebia stirius " , often misspelled " styrius " ) is a member of the satyrinae subfamily of nymphalidae .
" euphoria " is a genus of new world scarab beetles in the subfamily cetoniinae , the flower chafers .
the tydeinae subfamily , to which " lorryia formosa " belongs , is characterized by having three pairs of lyrifissures ( grooves that encircle the surface of an appendage ) and a pair of primitive eyes ( oculi ) which commonly occur laterally on the propodosoma , the middle body segment to which the first two pairs of legs are attached .
" meriones unguiculatus " , the mongolian jird or mongolian gerbil is a rodent belonging to subfamily gerbillinae .
onthophagini often display sexual dimorphism , with the males having larger and more elaborate head and thorax ornaments , but not to the degree seen in the rhinoceros beetles of the scarab subfamily dynastinae for example .
it is home to the hazel pot beetle , a leaf beetle of the cryptocephalinae subfamily .
this genus is part of the " loricariichthys " group within the subfamily loricariinae ; this group also includes the genera " furcodontichthys " , " hemiodontichthys " , " limatulichthys " , and " pseudoloricaria " .
" canistrum " is a genus of the botanical family bromeliaceae , subfamily bromelioideae .
mcintosh 1990 included both these animals in the family diplodocidae , subfamily dicraeosaurinae , as they resemble the skull of " dicraeosaurus " , although differing in certain details .
" pipistrellus " is a genus of bats in the family vespertilionidae and subfamily vespertilioninae .
poole ( 1989 ) included " abolla " in the subfamily ophiderinae , treated as " calpinae " by kitching & rawlins , in kristensen ( 1999 ) .
type ii urticating hairs can be found in the genera " avicularia " , " iridopelma " and " pachistopelma " ( subfamily aviculariinae ) .
the glossy black cockatoo ( " calyptorhynchus lathami " ) , also known as the casuarina black cockatoo after one of their preferred food items , is the smallest member of the subfamily calyptorhynchinae found in australia .
" egogepa " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae .
the single genus in the family is gymnostachys and the species in the subfamily are considered to be protoaroids .
collectively , these spider toxins are given the name atracotoxins ( actx ) , as all these spiders belong to the subfamily atracinae .
the orsodacnidae are a small family of leaf beetles , previously included as a subfamily within the chrysomelidae .
phylogenetic relationships of the family hylidae with emphasis on the relationships within the subfamily hylinae ( amphibia : anura ) .
" kerivoula " is a genus of vesper bats in the subfamily kerivoulinae ' " .
coliadinae , the sulfurs or yellows , are a subfamily of butterflies with about 300 described species .
transient receptor potential cation channel , subfamily c , member 3 , also known as trpc3 , is a human gene encoding a protein of the same name .
the new zealand geese formed the extinct genus " cnemiornis " of the family anatidae , subfamily anserinae .
the lutjanidae is further divided into four subfamilies , with the genus " lutjanus " falling into the subfamily lutjaninae .
the bone is somewhat similar to those found in members of the new zealand genus " archaeospheniscus " and thus this genus might , like them , belong to the subfamily palaeeudyptinae .
vole species form the subfamily arvicolinae with the lemmings and the muskrats .
in 1843 , lindley published a revision of a group of orchids classified as tribus maxillaridae , then subordinated to vandeae , a subfamily of orchidaceae at the time .
the subfamily " isolabiinae " contains four genera : " africolabis , geracodes , isolabis , and pterolabis .
" eumenes " is the type genus of the subfamily eumeninae ( " potter wasps " ) of vespidae .
the ring - tailed lemur itself is thought to share closer affinities than the rest of its subfamily , lemurinae , to the bamboo lemurs of the genus " hapalemur " , which may be a sister group of the family lemuridae .
is unique among the loricariinae subfamily .
the guans make up four genera in the subfamily penelopinae ' " ; furthermore there is also the peculiar horned guan ( " oreophasis derbianus " ) which is not a true guan , but a very distinct and ancient cracid with no close living relatives ( pereira " et al . "
" pareronia " is a genus of butterflies of subfamily pierinae of family pieridae .
tupi - guarani ( ) is the name of the most important subfamily of the tupian languages of south america .
subfamily murinae - old world rats and mice
" myrmica " is a genus of ants within the subfamily myrmicinae .
" corticivora " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
eligminae is a subfamily of the moth family nolidae .
subfamily dipodomyinae ( kangaroo rats and mice )
dnaj ( hsp40 ) homolog , subfamily c , member 13 , also known as dnajc13 , is a human gene .
hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 gamma ( hnf4 g ) also known as nr2a2 ( nuclear receptor subfamily 2 , group a , member 2 ) is a nuclear receptor encoded by the gene .
the subfamily arinae encompasses all the neotropical parrots , including the amazons , macaws and conures , and range from northern mexico and the bahamas to tierra del fuego in the southern tip of south america .
the protein encoded by this gene belongs to the family of p - type cation transport atpases , and to the subfamily of k+-atpases .
the genus " donatia " is sometimes included in stylidiaceae in the monogeneric subfamily donatioideae .
this genus is currently placed in the subfamily chrysallidinae of the family odostomiidae .
its diet consists mostly of leaves high in fibers . belonging to the subfamily colobinae , or leaf - eating monkeys
the rose subfamily rosoideae consists of more than 850 species , including many shrubs , perennial herbs , and fruit plants such as strawberries and brambles .
if the pinaceae were to be split into two or more families with the subfamily abietoideae raised to the rank of family , the name abietaceae would be correct for that family .
zapater 's ringlet ( " erebia zapateri " ) is a member of the satyrinae subfamily of nymphalidae .
" roystonea " is placed in the subfamily arecoideae and the tribe roystoneae .
subfamily homalomitrinae roháček & marshall , 1998
" source for references : " type isolabiinae in the " subfamily " field and click " search " .
the extracellular n - terminal region exhibits a variety of conserved elements including immunoglobulin ( ig)-like or epidermal growth factor ( egf)-like domains , fibronectin type iii repeats , or cysteine - rich regions that are characteristic for each subfamily of rtks ; these domains contain primarily a ligand - binding site , which binds extracellular ligands , e.g. , a particular growth factor or hormone .
pachylinae sørensen , 1884 is the most diverse subfamily of the harvestman family gonyleptidae , including around 400 valid species ( kury , 2003 ) .
peiratinae is a subfamily of assassin bugs ( reduviidae ) .
cyp51a1 ( or lanosterol 14 alpha - demethylase , p45014dm ) is a cytochrome p450 ( family 51 , subfamily a , polypeptide 1 ) which converts lanosterol to cholesterol .
oats are a species within the grass tribe " aveneae " , which is in the " pooideae " subfamily along with " triticeae " ( contains wheat , rye , barley and many other genera ) .
transient receptor potential cation channel , subfamily m , member 5 , also known as trpm5 , is a human gene encoding a protein of the same name .
although some authorities follow brooke in placing that species in a separate genus " eurochelidon " due to its significant differences from the african species , it remains a member of the same subfamily .
the supposed " cliff shag " subfamily leucocarboninae is entirely paraphyletic can not be accepted as originally circumscribed .
the swainson 's crow ( " euploea swainson " ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the danainae subfamily .
the only finch in its subfamily which undergoes a complete molt , the american goldfinch displays sexual dimorphism in its coloration ; the male is a vibrant yellow in the summer and an olive color during the winter months , while the female is a dull yellow - brown shade which brightens only slightly during the summer .
mimosa is a genus of about 400 species of herbs and shrubs , in the subfamily mimosoideae of the legume family fabaceae .
this was often included in the paraphyletic barbets but recently usually considered a distinct family semnornithidae ; alternatively , all barbets might be moved to the toucan family ramphastidae as a subfamily , semnornithinae .
the ceylon tree nymph ( " idea jasonia " ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the danainae subfamily .
" phthiria relativitae " is a fly of the family bombyliidae , subfamily phthiriinae , that is found in the american southwest .
the ratardinae is a small subfamily of large moths from southeast asia .
depending on which authority is followed , penguin biodiversity varies between 17 and 20 living species , all in the subfamily spheniscinae .
it is the biggest species of the subfamily lithosiinae .
" rhopaltriplasia " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
along with " cypripedium " , " mexipedium " , " phragmipedium " and " selenipedium " , the genus is a member of the subfamily cypripedioideae , commonly referred to as the " lady's - slippers " or " slipper orchids " due to the unusual shape of the pouch - like labellum of the flower .
arecoideae is the largest subfamily with six diverse tribes containing over 100 genera .
the genus " halothamnus " belongs to the subfamily salsoloideae within the family amaranthaceae , ( formerly chenopodiaceae ) .
as a result , this subfamily was moved out of herpestidae and re - located to eupleridae .
the genus " crocidura " is one of nine genus of the shrew subfamily crocidurinae .
sigmodontinae itself is the largest subfamily of the family cricetidae , other members of which include voles , lemmings , hamsters , and deermice , all mainly from eurasia and north america .
all are classified in the tribe oryzomyini ( " rice rats " ) , a diverse assemblage of american rodents of over a hundred species , and on higher taxonomic levels in the subfamily sigmodontinae of family cricetidae , along with hundreds of other species of mainly small rodents .
" collicularia " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
subfamily rasborinae – rasborines ( probably paraphyletic )
the subfamily is defined largely on biochemical criteria .
amycinae is a subfamily of jumping spiders .
among them , many are of the mande subfamily , widely regarded the earliest branching of niger - congo .
" scyllarides " is placed in the subfamily arctidinae , which is differentiated from other subfamilies by the presence of multiarticulated exopods on all three maxillipeds , and a three - segmented palp on the mandible .
this also confirmed that the subfamily vanilloideae is a branch at the basal dichotomy of the monandrous orchids , and must have evolved very early in the evolution of the family .
the gaur belongs to the bovinae subfamily , which also includes bison , domestic cattle , yak and water buffalo .
subfamily colubrinae .
" bagauda zetteli " is a species of assassin bug in the emesinae subfamily found in borneo .
this genus makes up the monotypic subfamily philosininae of the damselfly family megapodagrionidae .
this two volume work with 20 plates in colour and 62 in black and white was until recently the classic monograph on the butterfly subfamily morphinae .
like the convergent freshwater hatchetfishes , among the marine forms the subfamily sternoptychinae has narrow , laterally compressed , deeply keeled and roughly disc - shaped bodies , somewhat resembling a hatchet ( with the thorax being the " blade " and the caudal peduncle being the " handle " ) ; the pelvis is rotated to a vertical position .
" adapis " is an extinct genus of adapidae primate belonging to the adapinae subfamily the genus was named by cuvier in 1822 and contains up to three species .
" heterorrhina elegans " is a species of scarab beetle found in india and sri lanka that belongs to the flower chafer subfamily .
" brachycrus " is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore of the family " merycoidodontidae , " subfamily " merycochoerinae , " ( oreodont ) endemic to north america during the middle miocene to late miocene subepochs ( 20.6—13.6 mya ) existing for approximately .
" euagoras " is a genus of assassin bug family ( reduviidae ) , in the subfamily harpactorinae .
they were formerly included in the pyraustinae as tribe spilomelini ; furthermore taxonomists ' opinions differ as to the correct placement of the crambidae , some authorities treating them as a subfamily ( crambinae ) of the family pyralidae .
" ablabesmyia " is a genus of non - biting midges in the subfamily tanypodinae of the bloodworm family chironomidae .
the father schoenig 's chocolate ( " parantica schoenigi " ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the danainae subfamily .
later he erected the family leeuwenhoekiidae for the genus and subfamily , having six genera ; they have a pair of submedian setae present on the dorsal plate .
the subfamily name velociraptorinae was first coined by rinchen barsbold in 1983 and originally contained the single genus " velociraptor " .
members of this subfamily ( trechinae ) are , like most carabidae , predatory , so the adults and larvae of " a. hitleri " are presumed to be predators on smaller cave inhabitants ( one of the benefits of systematics is that it allows predictions about unknown features of an organism to be made with some confidence , based on knowledge of related species ) .
cyp27c1 ( cytochrome p450 , family 27 , subfamily c , polypeptide 1 ) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the " cyp27c1 " gene .
" hiroshiinoueana " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
it belongs to the true geese and swan subfamily ( anserinae ) .
the members of the disputed subfamily maurolicinae have a more conventional fish shape .
subfamily xerinae ( chipmunks and ground squirrels )
subfamily anatinae .
occasionally they are still referred to as rivulines , a term dating back to when they were considered a subfamily of the aplocheilidae .
the spotted woodcreeper ( " xiphorhynchus erythropygius " ) is a species of bird in the dendrocolaptinae subfamily .
the sea goldie is a common sight to scuba divers in the indian ocean , and is a typical representative of the subfamily of " anthiinae " ( anthias ) .
these birds are more terrestrial than the other african barbets and differ in some other respects too ; they are thus separated in a monotypic subfamily trachyphoninae .
heterotetramers can form between members of the same subfamily ( ie kir2.1 and kir2.3 ) when the channels are overexpressed .
potassium inwardly - rectifying channel , subfamily j , member 8 , also known as kcnj8 , is a human gene encoding the kir6.1 protein .
" leucaena " is a genus of about 24 species trees and shrubs in the subfamily mimosoideae of the legume family fabaceae .
this subfamily includes several species which are micromollusks .
the " conus " species are now in the subfamily coninae .
this genus is related to carps and barbs , and tentatively assigned to the doubtfully valid subfamily labeoninae ( often treated as a tribe labeonini in the cyprininae ) .
" pseudeboda " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae .
the subfamily contains about 25 species , classified in six or seven genera .
the subfamily bulimulinae replaces the former family bulimulidae crosse & p. fischer , 1873 .
" dactylioglypha " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
cichorioideae is a subfamily of the family asteraceae of flowering plants .
malvoideae is a botanical name at the rank of subfamily , which includes at the minimum the genus " malva " .
an active tc1/mariner transposon , synthesized from alignment of inactive transposons from the salmonid subfamily of elements , was “
acanthopelminae , first described by frederick octavius pickard - cambridge in 1897 , is a subfamily of small , terrestrial new world tarantulas .
cuterebrinae is a subfamily of oestridae which includes large , parasitic flies ; this group has historically been treated as a family , but all recent classifications place them firmly within the oestridae .
galidiinae is a subfamily of carnivorans restricted to madagascar which includes five species classified into four genera .
" caralluma burchardii " is a fleshy and superficially cactus - like plant that belongs to the genus " caralluma " in the subfamily asclepiadoideae of the family apocynaceae .
the germ cell nuclear factor ( gcnf ) protein , also known as rtr ( retinoid receptor - related testis - associated receptor ) , is a member of the nuclear receptor family of intracellular transcription factors and is encoded by the gene ( nuclear receptor subfamily 6 , group a , member 1 ) .
nyctomyini is a tribe of new world rats and mice in the subfamily tylomyinae which includes two genera , " nyctomys " and " otonyctomys " , each with a single species .
" dicellitis " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae .
" adenoneura " was a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
however since gabaс receptors are closely related in sequence , structure , and function to gabaa receptors and since other gabaa receptors besides those containing ρ subunits appear to exhibit gabaс pharmacology , the nomenclature committee of the iuphar has recommend that the gabaс term no longer be used and these ρ receptors should be designated as the ρ subfamily of the gabaa receptors ( gabaa-ρ ) .
" periphoeba " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
they belong to the spread - winged skipper subfamily ( pyrginae ) , and therein are the type genus of tribe celaenorrhini .
deinacanthon is a genus of the botanical family bromeliaceae , subfamily bromelioideae .
oriental giant squirrels are very large squirrels from the genus " ratufa " in the subfamily ratufinae .
" suleima " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
in the first edition of " genera palmarum " ( 1987 ) , natalie uhl and john dransfield placed the genus " zombia " in the subfamily coryphoideae , the tribe corypheae and the subtribe thrinacinae using harold e. moore 's 1973 classification of the palm family .
this subfamily is suspected not to be monophyletic .
" avaria " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae .
astatochroa is a genus of insects belonging to the subfamily drepaninae .
this subfamily was known as eriopterinae until 1992 .
the rough prominent ( " nadata gibbosa " ) is a moth of the family notodontidae , possibly in the subfamily notodontidae .
busyconinae is a taxonomic subfamily of very large edible sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks , often known as the " busycon " whelks .
potassium voltage - gated channel subfamily g member 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " kcng3 " gene .
glandulocaudinae is a subfamily of tropical characin fish from central and south america .
rhacophorinae is a subfamily of frogs in the family rhacophoridae .
nubian is considered to be a subfamily within eastern sudanic , and ultimately within nilo - saharan .
the strong - billed woodcreeper ( " xiphocolaptes promeropirhynchus " ) is a species of bird in the dendrocolaptinae subfamily .
" callichthys " is a small genus of freshwater catfish in the callichthyinae subfamily of the armored catfish family , and consists of 4 species from south america .
" gossweilerodendron " is a genus of two species of legumes in the family fabaceae , subfamily caesalpinioideae , native to tropical western africa .
xerorchis ( from greek " xeros " , dry , and " orchis " , testicle - shaped ) is a orchid genus in the subfamily epidendroideae , and the sole representative of tribe xerorchideae .
this list of genera in the subfamily phlaeothripinae is complete according to the ( january 4 , 2007 ) .
in some classifications the subfamily macroramphosinae is raised to the level of family , macroramphosidae .
the subfamily contains around 57 species in 15 to 20 genera .
in the older literature , these three genera were placed within a family of their own , desmodontidae , but taxonomists have now grouped them as a subfamily , the " desmodontinae " , in the american leaf - nosed bat family , phyllostomidae .
" allodapella " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
the spotted creeper , " salpornis spilonotus " , is a small passerine bird , which is the only member of the subfamily salpornithinae of the treecreeper family certhiidae .
" tanychaeta " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae .
the deirochelyinae are a subfamily of emydidae .
he also believed that it was of a species ancestral to modern humans but a member of the subfamily australopithecinae .
" bulimulus curtus " is a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily bulimulinae .
the common wood - nymph ( " cercyonis pegala " ) , also called wood nymph or grayling ' " , is a north american butterfly in the family nymphalidae , subfamily satyrinae .
the microraptoria is the only dromaeosaurid sub - clade not converted from a subfamily .
macropodinae is a subfamily of marsupials in the family macropodidae , which includes the kangaroos , wallabies , and related species .
" dasyhelea " is a genus of biting midges and the only genus of its subfamily , the dasyheleinae .
subfamily b3 .
the tribe is part of the clade oryzomyalia , which includes most of the subfamily sigmodontinae .
the transient receptor potential cation channel , subfamily v , member 1 ( trpv1 ) , also known as the capsaicin receptor is a protein which in humans is encoded by the " trpv1 " gene .
bovine herpesvirus 5 is virus species of the " varicellovirus " genus and alphaherpesvirinae subfamily .
the white - headed capuchin ( " cebus capucinus " ) , also known as the white - faced capuchin or white - throated capuchin , is a medium - sized new world monkey of the family cebidae , subfamily cebinae .
the kirby 's tiger ( " parantica kirbyi " ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the danainae subfamily .
the " apapane " ( " himatione sanguinea " ) is a species of finch in the hawaiian honeycreeper subfamily , drepanidinae , that is endemic to hawaii .
this group is considered either as a subfamily monarchinae , together with the fantails as part of the drongo family dicruridae , or as a family monarchidae in its own right .
" eremoblatta " is a genus of sand cockroaches , of the subfamily polyphaginae , in the family polyphagidae .
" trilophosuchus " ( " triple crest crocodile " ) is an extinct genus of the crocodilian subfamily mekosuchinae .
the tribe neophemini contains two genera , " neophema " and " neopsephotus " and belongs to the subfamily platycercinae , or broad - tailed parrots .
spread - winged skippers , pyrginae ' " , are a subfamily of the skipper butterfly family ( hesperiidae ) .
this subfamily is in the family turbinellidae within the clade neogastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the gastropoda by bouchet & rocroi , 2005 ) .
physically , they may resemble mice , rats , voles , or hamsters , depending on the species and subfamily .
swi / snf - related matrix - associated actin - dependent regulator of chromatin subfamily d member 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " smarcd2 " gene .
" smittia " is a genus of european non - biting midges in the subfamily orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family ( chironomidae ) .
" xerocnephasia " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae .
members of this subfamily are known as new world ground - cuckoos , since all are mostly terrestrial and native to the americas .
" selenipedium " is a genus of the orchid family ( " orchidaceae " ) ( subfamily " cypripedioideae " ) .
their subfamily was defined by holtz " et al . " in 2004 , as the complementary clade of all taxa closer to " baryonyx walkeri " than to " spinosaurus aegyptiacus " .
" harmologa " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae .
many members of the subfamily are nocturnal and their biologies are generally poorly known .
it is the only member of the genus " hymenolaimus " , placed in the shelduck subfamily tadorninae after previously being considered part of the paraphyletic " perching duck " assemblage .
ectrichodiinae is a subfamily of the reduviid ( assassin bugs ) .
it belongs to the subfamily faboideae .
" xenochironomus " is a genus of european non - biting midges in the subfamily chironominae of the bloodworm family chironomidae .
the javan lutung , " trachypithecus auratus " also known as the ebony lutung and javan langur , is an old world monkey from the colobinae subfamily .
" acromyrmex niger " is a species of new world ants of the subfamily myrmicinae of the genus " acromyrmex " .
the cyclocoelinae are a subfamily of parasitic flatworms of the order echinostomida .
trichopezinae are a subfamily of empidoid flies .
this gene encodes a member of a subfamily of ring - finger type e3 ubiquitin ligases .
" schizanthus " comprises 12 species of annuals and biennials , which make up the monospecific subfamily , schizanthoideae .
desmans , which are talpidae but are not normally called " moles " , are not shown below but belong to the subfamily talpinae , ( note the slightly different name ) .
" harsiesis " is a butterfly genus from the subfamily satyrinae in the family nymphalidae .
the plusiini are the largest tribe of moths in the plusiinae subfamily .
" beardius " is a genus of pan - american non - biting midges in the subfamily chironominae of the bloodworm family chironomidae .
the elymniini ( true browns ) are one of the large tribes of the browns subfamily ( satyrinae ) in the brush - footed butterfly family ( nymphalidae ) .
the distribution of the subfamily is predominantly in the northern hemisphere .
only ground feeding subfamily in the old world flycatchers family ( " muscicapidae " ) ; until recently they were in the thrush ( " turdidae " ) family .
a complete review of the subfamily seems hardly possible as a monographical work given its diversity , so it will probably be reviewed piecemeal ( e.g. sohn & yen 2005 ) .
" pogonodon " is an extinct genus of the family " nimravidae " , subfamily " nimravinae " endemic to north america and eurasia during the eocene - miocene epochs ( 30.8—7.2 mya ) , existing for approximately ..
mokilese or mwoakilloan is a micronesian language of the ponapeic - trukic subfamily .
" stictea " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
" eubrochoneura " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae .
" acropolitis " is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae .
the only other member of the subfamily is the white - eyed river martin " pseudochelidon sirintarae " , known only from one site in thailand and possibly extinct .
the anthias are members of the family serranidae ( basses , basslets , groupers ) and make up the subfamily anthiinae .
however , complete sequencing of the ehv-2 genome has demonstrated that it is a member of the subfamily " gammaherpesvirinae " , in the genus " rhadinovirus " .
taoniinae is a subfamily containing eleven genera of glass squids .
these fossils of small - bodied crested duckbills were interpreted as adults of a distinct lineage of hadrosaurids , the subfamily cheneosaurinae .
the arctiinae are a subfamily of moths .
the word is also used as the name of the genus " opifex " in the mosquito subfamily and in the binomial name of the species " phidippus opifex "
today , however , the monophyly of the viperines and the crotalines as a whole is undisputed , which is why they are treated here as a subfamily of the " viperidae " .
most new world army ants belong to the subfamily ecitoninae .
weygoldt ( 1979 ) suggested the existence of two families was not supported by the available data , and haupt & song ( 1996 ) formally reduced the " hypoctonidae " to a subfamily as there was little support for a monophyletic " hypoctonidae " .
it includes all living members of the macropodidae except for the banded hare - wallaby ( " lagostrophus fasciatus " ) , the only surviving member of the subfamily sthenurinae .
the erynnini are a tribe in the skipper butterfly subfamily pyrginae .
the name " amorpha " means " deformed " in greek and was given because flowers of this genus only have one petal , unlike the usual " pea - shaped " flowers of the faboideae subfamily .
this genus and subfamily , the most basal group in loricariidae , is the sister group to the rest of the family .
" pseudaechmea " is a genus of the botanical family bromeliaceae , subfamily bromelioideae .
the arctic ringlet ( " erebia disa " ) is a member of the satyrinae subfamily of nymphalidae .
this gene encodes a member of the g protein - coupled receptor kinase subfamily of the ser / thr protein kinase family .
the subfamily apinae contains a diversity of lineages , the majority of which are solitary , and whose nests are simple burrows in the soil .
the andaman crow ( " euploea andamanensis " ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the danainae subfamily .
