the alupas , however , were independent and their subordination was nominal at best .
nugzar is well - known in georgia because he has lived his entire life in tbilisi , and experienced with other georgians both the country 's subordination to the soviet regime and its liberation since 1991 .
subordination of security priority .
once they started taking a positive attitude toward nature , this resolution became difficult to maintain and had to be superseded by the resolution by subordination . ”
it has called for british ownership of its own industries and resources as well as the " subordination of the power of the city to the power of the government " .
this subordination lasted until 1363 , when gediminas ' son algirdas soundly defeated the horde in the battle of blue waters .
they also established administrations with governmental structures paralleling the tang imperial government to further show independence , although the titles were intentionally different than tang 's to show some subordination .
subordination .
the term denotes the organizational set - up gehry enforces when his designs are being built to avoid subordination of the design creator and is part of his approach to effective project management .
lt . yuri stavrogan ( † ) was one of the most skilled e - frame pilots of the exofleet although he always lacked discipline and subordination .
coordination can be contrasted with subordination , a complex structure in which the component parts do not have parallel functions .
ecofeminists argue that a strong parallel exists between the oppression and subordination of women in families and society and the degradation of nature through the construction of differences into conceptual binaries and ideological hierarchies that allow a systematic , however logically unsound , justification of domination ( " power - over power " ) by subjects classed into higher - ranking categories over objects classed into lower - ranking categories ( e.g. man over woman , culture over nature , white over black ) .
finally , the doctrine represented the air corps ' attempt to develop autonomy from the general staff , which enforced subordination of the air arm by limiting it to support of ground forces and defense of united states territory .
no sooner , however , was this great success gained than a question arose known as the simple repeal controversy as to whether england , in addition to the repeal of the acts on which the subordination of the irish parliament had been based , should not be required expressly to renounce for the future all claim to control irish legislation .
for a brief period , in the early to mid - fourteenth century , it was an ascendant power in the island of sri lanka when all regional kingdoms accepted subordination .
he lost all support from the rajah of cochin , who wished to get rid of the paliath achan who was the actual ruler of cochin and recover his position under subordination of the british .
the amatsu three are warriors under direct subordination to either higa or kaede .
following the end of direction by no.1 district the formation 's subordination is not fully verified .
in this view , her activity as goddess of marriage established the patriarchal bond of her own subordination : her resistance to the conquests of zeus is rendered as hera 's " jealousy " , the main theme of literary anecdotes that undercut her ancient cult .
subordination agreement .
nussbaum accepts catharine mackinnon 's critique of abstract liberalism , assimilating the salience of history and context of group hierarchy and subordination , but concludes that this appeal is rooted in liberalism rather than a critique of it .
both of the suffixes , however , may take further suffixes ( mostly nominal declension suffixes ) which serve to further specify the type of subordination .
unlike advocacy groups , for which the number of the currently unfree is paramount , those political economists who participated in the earlier debates sought to establish who , precisely , was ( or was not ) to be included under the rubric of a worker whose subordination constituted a modern form of unfreedom .
simpson had a strong belief in discipline , work ethic and the subordination of the individual to the needs of the team .
pure business methods can not be patented in canada because of its pre - constitutional ( in 1982 ) subordination to british common law .
such are the feelings of almost all hospital consultants and general practitioners who retire from the national health service after many years of service : years that increasingly have been ones of drudgery , servitude and subordination to politicians and their henchmen , the managers , who utter pecksniffian pieties as they secure the advancement of their own inglorious careers " .
client state is one of several terms used to describe the subordination of one state to a more powerful state in international affairs .
however , they could not justify the subordination of women within this theory .
although the passage is often cited as biblical evidence that subordination represents god ’s will for women , theologian roger nicole disagrees .
it is the administrative capital of rudaki district in the region of republican subordination , lying 17 km south of the national capital of dushanbe and just east of the kofarnihon river .
tawney “ bemoaned the division between commerce and social morality brought about by the protestant reformation , leading as it did to the subordination of christian teaching to the pursuit of material wealth ” .
it aimed to reverse the interlocking changes sweeping over the south during reconstruction : to destroy the republican party 's infrastructure , undermine the reconstruction state , reestablish control of the black labor force , and restore racial subordination in every aspect of southern life .
the first known " take back the night " march in the united states was organized in san francisco , california on november 4 , 1978 , by women against violence in pornography and media and marched through the red - light district of san francisco in protest of rape and pornography , which they identified with the sexualized subordination of women .
he was replaced by tatsunosuke takasaki ; however , with the growing demands of the military due to world war ii and the ongoing quagmire for the japanese military in china , mangyō faced severe problems in raw materials , labor , and the subordination of its production into military requirements .
the whole soul of man into activity , with the subordination of its faculties to each other , according to their relative worth and dignity .
following the slogan of flora tristan , that " the emancipation of the working class is the work of the workers themselves " , wsa believes that the working class needs to create its own mass organizations that it directly controls in order to have a movement that can liberate the working class from subordination to dominating classes .
the fascist and nazi elements of the muslim brotherhood ’s program included : total rejection of liberal democracy , subordination of the individual to the state , attacks on both capitalism and communism , male supremacy , sexual repression , celebration of the ‘ art of death’ and obsessive hatred and murder of jews .
according to rodinson himself , the decision was based on his agnosticism , and he explained that being a party member was like following a religion and he wanted to renounce " the narrow subordination of efforts at lucidity to the exigencies of mobilization , even for just causes . "
unlike bukharin , stalin believed that a deep crisis in western capitalism was imminent , and he denounced the cooperation of international communist parties with social democratic movements , labelling them as social fascists , and insisted on a far stricter subordination of international communist parties to the comintern , that is , to soviet leadership .
with the deformation of nature , subordination of forms , abolishment of a single viewpoint and crude colouring , " the formist storm " attacked academicism and established a front against naturalism and the imitation of nature .
their relationship to the clergy was one of devotion , dedication , and subordination .
khatlon province is the main cotton growing area in tajikistan , contributing 60% of the cotton harvest ; ferghana valley in the north of sughd province contributes 30% and gissar valley ( in the region of republican subordination ) another 10% .
these interventions felt the effects of the mentality and convictions of the times , according to which a certain subordination of the non - latin liturgies was perceived toward the latin - rite liturgy which was considered " ritus praestantior " .
the relationship between tibet and ( qing ) china was that of patron and priest and was not based on the subordination of one to the other , according to the thirteenth dalai lama ( the thirteenth dalai lama was deposed ( 1904 ) , reinstated ( 1908 ) , and deposed ( 1910 ) again by the qing dynasty government , but these pronouncements were not taken seriously in lhasa . )
david however gained the support of king henry , and the archbishop of york agreed to a year 's postponement of the issue and to consecrate robert of scone without making an issue of subordination .
the obelisk itself was set up to memorialize augustus ' subordination of egypt to the control of the roman empire .
the nested set model takes the adjacency list model a step further by modeling subordination .
the 34th brigade has two paratroop battalions in its subordination ; these battalions are also considered the best in romania .
furthermore , the appeals chamber noted that the relationship between the 3rd corps of the bosnian army headed by hadžihasanović and the el mujahedin detachment was not one of subordination but was instead close to overt hostility since the only way to control the detachment was to attack them as if they were a distinct enemy force .
the problem with the english church concerned the subordination of scottish sees to the archbishops of york and/or canterbury , an issue which since his election in 1124 had prevented robert of scone from being consecrated .
in 1913 , the dalai lama issued a proclamation that stated that the relationship between the chinese emperor and tibet " had been that of patron and priest and had not been based on the subordination of one to the other . "
women who were used to having the same privileges as men in vedic india were reduced to a position of subordination during the time of the lawgivers .
there is no mention of subordination in scripture until the end of .
in particular , russia adopted a principle of universal subordination and undivided authority .
the defense of the unity of god against the gnostics led origen to maintain the subordination of the logos to god , and the doctrine of the eternal generation is later .
in many traditional white collar positions , employees were required to be in the office during these hours in order to take orders from the bosses , hence the relationship between this phrase and subordination .
article 2 of the dutch police law describes what the missions of the police are : " the task of the police is to , in subordination to the authorities and complying with applicable law , take care of the actual upholding of the legal order and to supply aid to those who need it . "
god curses the serpent : " upon your belly you shall go , and dust you shall eat all the days of your life ; " the woman he punishes with pain in childbirth and with subordination to man : " your desire shall be for your husband , and he shall rule over you ; " and the man he punishes with a life of toil : " in the sweat of your face you shall eat bread till you return to the ground . "
subordination meant the regular payment of tribute , as well as readiness to supply men in time of war .
" issei " women 's lives were somewhat similar , despite differences in context , because they were structured within interlocking webs of patriarchal relationships , and that consistent subordination was experienced both as oppressive and as a source of happiness .
the western genre , particularly in films , often portrays the conquest of the wilderness and the subordination of nature in the name of civilization or the confiscation of the territorial rights of the original inhabitants of the frontier .
by the eighteenth century the " dyula " had become quite powerful in the area and wished to rid themselves of subordination to senufo chiefs .
nevertheless , from around 1704 , when the kingdom passed on to " muteking " ( " mukarasu " ) kanthirava narasaraja ii , the survival and expansion of the kingdom was achieved by playing a delicate game of alliance , negotiation , subordination on occasion , and annexation of territory in all directions .
emph ) are often used rather than subordination to higher predicates of cognition .
through a detailed investigation of the nature of the succession to muhammad , she casts doubt on the validity of some of the " hadith " ( sayings and traditions attributed to him ) , and therefore the subordination of women that she sees in islam , but not necessarily in the qur'an .
he wrote again in february 1666 , " because the mughals have humiliated us once , does it follow that we should make no attempt to throw off this position of subordination to them ?
javakhishvili explains this conflict on account of doctrinal differences between the monophysite vakhtang and diophysite mikel , a presumption supported by toumanoff , who points out , that the change of prelate and his subordination to antioch could " only imply acceptance of zeno 's formulary of faith " , i.e. , the moderately monophysite " henotikon " of 482 .
however , these units were removed from the garrisons subordination in april 2006 , when they were transferred under general headquarters command , due to a reorganization process of the romanian land forces .
on the caste system in india , periyar dealt harshly with the practice of discrimination and its subordination of the different levels it created in society .
conquests could lead to the subordination of the elder culture 's pantheon to a newer one , as in the greek titanomachia , and possibly also the case of the æsir and vanir in the norse mythos .
the central executive committee that was elected by the first all - ukrainian congress of soveits canceled the declaration of independence , declared that ukraine is in a federal subordination to the russian sfsr , and called on to fight against the separatists , the ukrainian central rada and the general secretariat of ukraine .
the second meaning is quite opposite to it , i.e. subordination , obedience , slavery , servitude and subjection .
one standard spanish history textbook condemns him for " ... his mediocrity , his haughty character , and his total subordination to the whims of the king 's inner circle , by which he achieved nothing favorable . "
thus soviet high command 's ( stavka 's ) circular 01 , of july 15 , 1941 , directed several changes to red army force structure , including the elimination of rifle corps headquarters and subordination of rifle divisions directly to rifle army headquarters .
it is a process which begins with a change in communication media and proceeds to subordination of the power of prevailing influential institutions ( hjarvard 2008 , 7 ) .
however , cicero also makes the important distinction that one 's birthplace must take subordination to the land of one 's citizenship -- that there is where one 's duty is owed to and for which one must , if necessary , lay down one 's life .
realistically it can be suggested that early gwynedd propaganda incorporated ceredig ’s name into the cunedda family in order to justify the subordination of ceredigion to gwynedd .
in order to help resolve this problem and others concerning the relationship between ryūkyū and japan , shō tai was advised to journey to tokyo and formally pay his respects to emperor meiji , acknowledging at the same time his ( and therefore his kingdom 's ) subordination to the emperor of japan .
for example , biologists studying stress in fish showed that social subordination leads to chronic stress , related to reduced aggressive interactions , to lack of control and to the constant threat imposed by dominant fish .
subordination in work , black alleges , makes people stupid and creates fear of freedom .
as to the question of annexation prussia would leave that open , but made it clear that any settlement must involve the complete military subordination of schleswig - holstein to herself .
subordination to the superior race — is his natural and normal condition .
forces of central subordination of the russian air force .
davis further attributes the lack of royal legislation or edict to the social context presumed by hindu jurisprudence ( i.e. the subordination of the state to the household ) .
this philosophy keeps the cost and throughput models at odds with one another since the subordination process necessarily decreases efficiency .
the kirpan is the symbol crystallising the fact that when a khalsa joins this army , he or she has left behind the docile environment of subservience and subordination and has joined the proactive and caring world of the fearless , brave , and courageous defence force of guru gobind singh .
as an art teacher , he advocated the subordination of technique to artistic conception and emphasizes the importance of the artist 's experiences in life .
thus , cleveland 's administration marked the end of presidential subordination .
vahdat district ( also spelled vakhdat , ; ) is one of the larger districts in the region of republican subordination in tajikistan , called kofarnihon district until the introduction of a new administrative division in the end of 2003 .
the rise of the atlantic slave trade , which gradually displaced an earlier trade in slaves from throughout the world , created a further incentive to categorize human groups to justify the subordination of african slaves .
on issue in this process was the subordination of the border police .
the simultaneous preservation and subordination of others ' religions facilitated unity under rome rule and fostered mutual religious tolerance within the hierarchy .
lesbophobia in gay men is regarded as manifest in the perceived subordination of lesbian issues in the campaign for gay rights .
the term was coined during world war i by erich ludendorff ( and again in his 1935 book " total war " ) , which called for the complete mobilization and subordination of all resources , including policy and social systems , to the german war effort .
tavildara district or nohiyai tavildara ( : ноҳияи тавилдара/ناحیهٔ طویل‌دره ) is a large eastern district in the region of republican subordination in tajikistan , extending north of the darvaz range that forms the boundary of the gorno - badakhshan autonomous province ( gbao ) .
satyabhakta is said to have argued for a ‘ national communism’ and against subordination under comintern .
a secret habsburg - ottoman agreement , however , prevented the habsburg court from intervening , and the defeat of prince kemény by the turks , and the turkish instalment of the insipid mihály apafi on the throne marked the complete subordination of transylvania , which now became a powerless vassal of the ottoman empire .
however , even during periods of nominal subordination , the rulers of machaquilá exhibited a significant degree of political autonomy .
by about 390 , khosrov iii , the king of armenia under persian suzerainty grew wary of his subordination to persia and entered into a treaty with the roman emperor theodosius i who deposed arshak iii and made him the king of a united armenia in return for his allegiance .
the party , which was initially intended to work as a political movement , was founded by barthélemy boganda in bangui , oubangui - chari ( later known as the central african republic ) on 28 september 1949 , to connect " all the blacks of the world " and " to promote the political , economic and social evolution of black africa , to break down the barriers of tribalism and racism , to replace the degrading notion of colonial subordination with the more human ones of fraternity and cooperation . "
mayer , etc . ) in strict subordination to himself , by retaining for himself the designing of all the compositions for the cupola , the three choirs , and most of those for the nave , by drawing the most important cartoons and painting the most difficult pictures himself .
the colorado constitution of the period " declares that the military shall always be in strict subordination to the civil power .
in the view of markham 's critics , this represented the subordination of scientific work to naval adventure , although the " instructions to the commander " , drawn up by markham , give equal priorities to geographical and scientific work .
he views the subordination enacted in workplaces as " a mockery of freedom " , and denounces as hypocrites the various theorists who support freedom while supporting work .
black denounces work for its compulsion , and for the forms it takes - as subordination to a boss , as a " job " which turns a potentially enjoyable task into a meaningless chore , for the degradation imposed by systems of work - discipline , and for the large number of work - related deaths and injuries - which black typifies as " homicide " .
as thanksgiving for his deliverance , the next year he established the newfoundland school society ( also known as the society for educating the poor of newfoundland ) so that newfoundland children would be educated and " early trained to subordination and their moral habits ... greatly improved . "
incoming afrikaners and british met with xhosa - speakers in the eighteenth century , and the long process of conflict , followed by the subordination and expropriation of the indigenous people , took place over more than one hundred years .
within tajikistan it borders to the west on four other gbao districts and on the region of republican subordination .
the title carried autonomy in different degrees , and its links with the central authority of kagan varied from economical and political subordination to superficial political deference .
she writes , " the female earth was central to organic cosmology that was undermined by the scientific revolution and the rise of a market - oriented culture ... for sixteenth - century europeans the root metaphor binding together the self , society and the cosmos was that of an organism ... organismic theory emphasized interdependence among the parts of the human body , subordination of individual to communal purposes in family , community , and state , and vital life permeate the cosmos to the lowliest stone . "
it is in this light that the nicene creed is seen by nontrinitarians as an essentially political document , resulting from the subordination of true doctrine to state interests by leaders of the catholic church , so that the church became , in their view , an extension of the roman empire .
however this does not symbolize any subordination to the religious authority , hence it is not usually performed in catholic monarchies by the pope but usually reserved for the ( arch)bishop of a major see ( sometimes the site of the whole coronation ) in the nation , as is sometime the very act of crowning .
modern readers often feel uncomfortable with the conflicting relationship between women 's ability and wifely duty and the general tone of subordination to men encompassed within the play .
the commanders of ghq air force and the air corps , major generals frank maxwell andrews and oscar westover respectively , clashed philosophically over the direction in which the air arm was heading , adding to the difficulties , with andrews in favor of autonomy and westover espousing subordination to the army chain of command .
taking this as her problem , dworkin asked , " why do right - wing women agitate for their own subordination ?
subordination deranking hierarchy .
equitable subordination can be used to subordinate both secured and unsecured claims .
chkalovsk is a city of provincial subordination , administratively subordinated to the provincial capital of khujand , not to the district capital of ghafurov .
although the early hmong had no real commitment to subordination of women , over time confucian teachings were expanded upon .
in a bespoke transaction , the investor has 100% say on the rating of the tranche , maturity of the transaction , coupon type ( fixed or floating ) , subordination level , type of collateral used etc .
it was the knowledge of his leadership in tennessee which made him seem to many alumni and supporters a desirable candidate for the presidency of famu , which had also experienced severe battles to avoid merger or subordination of famu to fsu .
in 151 bc , the carthaginian debt to rome was fully repaid , meaning that , in punic eyes , the treaty was now expired , though not so according to the romans , who instead viewed the treaty as a permanent declaration of carthaginian subordination to rome akin to the roman treaties with its italian allies .
" oppression is a system of interrelated barriers and forces which reduce , immobilize and mold people who belong to a certain group , and effect their subordination to another group ( individually to individuals of the other group , and as a group , to that group ) . "
he shouted out from his throne--"death is preferable to a life of subordination to foreigners .
coordination and subordination .
relations in society , in this view , are mainly based on exploitation , oppression , domination and subordination .
unwilling to accept subordination to anyone but the governor of new france himself , the inhabitants refused to be called " censitaire " , a designation they judged equivalent to " paysan " , who were the servile peasants in france 's feudal system .
carson ’s thesis is that under an authentic free market economy , the separation of labour from ownership and the subordination of labor to capital would be impossible , bringing a more egalitarian society in which most people could easily choose self - employment over wage labor ( see ) .
as the qing empire disintegrated later in the century , this tributary status was allowed to lapse , and even tibet began to shake off its subordination .
these military measures , severe as they were , did not succeed in reducing the local druze to the required degree of subordination .
no standing army shall be kept in time of peace ; the military shall , at all times , be in strict subordination to the civil power ; and no soldier shall be quartered in any house , or on any premises , without the consent of the owner , in time of peace ; nor in time of war , except in a manner prescribed by law .
the private sphere as rousseau imagines it depends on the subordination of women , in order for both it and the public political sphere ( upon which it depends ) to function as rousseau imagines it could and should .
for example , mated gull pairs in conflict over nesting duties or access to choice food used such methods as sharing , first - come - first - served , and negotiation rather than the commonly studied dominance and subordination behavior to resolve conflicts .
that a well regulated militia , composed of the body of the people , trained to arms , is the proper , natural , and safe defense of a free state , therefore , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed ; that standing armies , in time of peace , should be avoided as dangerous to liberty ; and that in all cases the military should be under strict subordination to , and governed by , the civil power .
according to some philosophers and sociologists , e.g. karl marx , it is the different life experience of people and the different exposure of them and their families in these roles ( the rich being constantly stolen from , the poor in a position of constant begging and subordination ) that creates social class differences .
domination and subordination links can be reversed and privileges can be redistributed in each situation , following the needs of the system .
his attempts to ensure the subordination of the jamaican assembly to the british government led to calls for his removal as governor , but his policies were subsequently upheld by the british government .
at first the child has to submit to the structure of the authoritarian miniature state , the family ; this makes it capable of later subordination to the general authoritarian system .
appraisal subordination entitlement reduction ( aser ) or collateral valuation adjustments ( cva ) are cmbs structuring innovations desined to improve overall transaction credit quality .
it provides services that aims to empower , develop and advocate for self - reliance and strengthen the self - determination of women 's organisations , groups and individuals to address certain economic political and socio - cultural structures that cause women 's vulnerability to exploitation , oppression and subordination .
similarly , dobash and dobash claim that " men who assault their wives are actually living up to cultural prescriptions that are cherished in western society -- aggressiveness , male dominance and female subordination -- and they are using physical force as a means to enforce that dominance " , while walker claims that men exhibit a " socialized androcentric need for power " .
cities of republican subordination : dushanbe , roghun , tursunzoda , vahdat .
the social subordination of women thus stands out as an isolated fact in modern social institutions … .
he views the subordination enacted in workplaces as " a mockery of freedom " , and denounces as hypocrites the various theorists who support freedom while supporting work .
creation of this command led to the subordination of the philippine department 's headquarters , as a service command , since planning and tactical control were now under usaffe control .
in the second half of the 19th century the ideal of victorian manliness became increasingly defined by imperialism because the subordination of non - western cultures was in its heyday in britain .
they also established administrations with governmental structures paralleling the tang imperial government to further show independence , although the titles were intentionally different than tang 's to show some subordination .
many had signed treaties of friendship with britain , but these were expressed as being between sovereign powers contracting with each other ; there was no subordination .
he drafted a great many communications during this period , some of the more notable ones being rejections of the notion that the shogun should be referred to as a " king " ( 王 , " ō " ) , as this would imply subordination to the emperor of china and tributary status within the sinocentric world order .
he appears to have anticipated wycliffe in advocating the subordination of the clergy to the king .
he published a number of books decrying the breakdown of the social order , such as " the great law of subordination considered " ( 1724 ) and " everybody 's business is nobody 's business " ( 1725 ) , and works on the supernatural , like " the political history of the devil " ( 1726 ) , " a system of magick " ( 1726 ) , and " an essay on the history and reality of apparitions " ( 1727 ) .
there is also the capital district , and the region of republican subordination ( here abbreviated rrs ) , which do not belong to a province , and are directly under the central government .
those that were larger than cells were known as priories , symbolising their subordination to the abbey of cluny in burgundy .
it was a clear and articulate rejection of the subordination of women , a protest against the assumption that “ women were only the plaything of men ” .
the term " converb " was coined for mongolian by ramstedt ( 1903 ) and until recently was mostly used by specialists of mongolic and turkic languages to describe non - finite verbs that could be used either for coordination or subordination .
this had the effect of strengthening the position of colonial legislatures , while at the same time restating their ultimate subordination to the westminster parliament .
this death is avoided by the agreement , communication of , or subordination to , slavery .
advocates of these changes feel that they are necessary in order for the language to not further the subordination of women .
this exposure is sold in slices of varying risk or " subordination " - each slice is known as a tranche .
under the alphanumeric hull classification system in use at the time , coast guard cutters transferred from the navy retained their navy classification , with a " w " added to the beginning of the classification to indicate their coast guard subordination .
in 1913 , the dalai lama issued a proclamation that stated that relationship between the chinese emperor and tibet " had been that of patron and priest and had not been based on the subordination of one to the other . "
vakhsh range is a mountain range in tajikistan , forming the north - west border of khatlon province with the region of republican subordination .
the method by which this is accomplished is by the distillation of doctrine through , and its subordination to a dominant anglican ethos consisting of the maintenance of order through consensus , comprehensiveness , and contract ; and a preference for pragmatism over speculation .
ternivka or ternovka ( , ) is a city of oblast subordination in dnipropetrovsk oblast ( province ) of ukraine .
the subordination of honduras to the captaincy general of guatemala had been reaffirmed with the move of the capital to antigua , and the status of honduras as a province within the captaincy general of guatemala would be maintained until independence .
in particular , this idea appealed to joachim von ribbentrop , the special ambassador at large and head of the " dienststelle ribbentrop " and the japanese military attaché in berlin , general oshima hiroshi , who hoped that such an alliance might lead to china 's subordination to japan .
( nikopol itself is a city of oblast - level subordination )
large scale industrial enterprises ( " enterprizes of union subordination " ) were controlled by one of the industrial sector departments of the all - union vsnkh .
rocker emphasizes the importance these men assign to individualism , freedom , and the subordination of the state to the welfare of the individual .
as writer and critic , hackett attacked chicago ’s genteel and commercial cultures , racism , and the subordination of women .
like other numic languages , comanche has switch - reference markers to handle subordination .
it assumed , without criticism , that remedying poverty and reducing subordination , especially in the workplace , required the activity of the state .
their subordination dates to the rigid colonial social hierarchy that placed the spanish - born above the native born .
the movement was portrayed as a conservative force ; the leadership claiming methodism promoted " subordination and industry in the lower orders . "
the " chicago daily tribune " reported that during this voyage , seaman james orville couchois had incited subordination and disloyalty among the crew .
given the general observation that powerful groups seem to rely heavily on these ideas of natural subordination , many liberationist thinkers came to the conclusion that this essentialism would be a prime rhetorical vehicle to subvert .
as these negotiations began , yugoslav representatives edvard kardelj and milovan đilas were summoned to moscow alongside a bulgarian delegation , where stalin and vyacheslav molotov attempted to brow - beat them both into accepting soviet control over the merge between the countries , and generally tried to force them into subordination .
noting how projective disgust has wrongly justified group subordination ( mainly of women , jews , and homosexuals ) , nussbaum ultimately discards disgust as a reliable basis of judgment .
in 1788 , her husband was sentenced to be shot for subordination , but was instead imprisoned in the fortress of varberg , from where he was released in 1792 by order of duke charles .
according to it , it was the attack of the margrave that forced the christianization , which was to be an act of subordination to the emperor , done without the mediation of the pope .
the forms include subordination , superordination , exchange , conflict and sociability .
the supreme court criticized allende for subordination of the judicial system to serve his own political needs and the chamber of deputies requested the military to restore laws in chile .
" the relationship did not imply " subordination of one to the other . "
subordination in work , black alleges , makes people stupid and creates fear of freedom .
rather than reorganize the fleet around three carrier groups similar to the usn task forces , as had been argued by vice admiral tamon yamaguchi even before midway , the japanese navy general staff refused to accept the subordination of battleships to aircraft carriers and reverted to the more conservative defensive strategy within the doctrine of " kantai kessen "
similarly , in addition to receiving a signet ring described above , a consequence of the embassy sent to aurangzeb in the deccan in 1700 was formal subordination to mughal authority and a requirement to pay annual tribute .
kakiyev , who became a devout sufi muslim after his two escapes from death , is believed to be one of the more effective and disciplined of grozny 's commanders , and resents any suggestion of subordination to ramzan kadyrov or sulim yamadayev , themselves both powerful commanders loyal to grozny .
david however gained the support of king henry , and the archbishop of york agreed to a year 's postponement of the issue and to consecrate robert of scone without making an issue of subordination .
central to nyrf 's philosophy was the idea that men consciously maintained power over women in order to strengthen their egos , but also held that women internalized their subordination by diminishing their egos .
recognizing the level of bulgarian subordination to moscow , yugoslavia withdrew from the unification talks , and shelved plans for the annexation of albania in anticipation of a confrontation with the soviet union .
" domnitor " ) - moving away from subordination to the landowners ' cause .
however , he wrote , " we could not observe any subordination among them , though this had strongly characterised the natives of tonga - tabboo , who seemed to descend even to servility in their obeisance to the king . "
sa is critical of the fi leadership 's support for broad left regroupments , which sa feels often result in the subordination of revolutionary politics .
gattegno , caleb ( 1970 ) what we owe children , the subordination of teaching to learning .
valentinian wrote to theodosius and ambrose complaining of his subordination to his general .
the savage independence of his nature rendered subordination intolerable to him ; he had been three times disgraced for absenting himself without leave , and his superiors resented his satirical humour .
while most of the akademiya nauk range is in tajikistan 's gorno - badakhshan autonomous province ( gbao ) , peak korzhenevskaya is located a little to the west of the gbao line , in jirgatol district ( region of republican subordination ) .
these are the provinces ( viloyat ) of sughd and khatlon , the autonomous province of gorno - badakhshan ( abbreviated as gbao ) , and the region of republican subordination ( rrp – raiony respublikanskogo podchineniya in transliteration from russian or ntj – ноҳияҳои тобеи ҷумҳурӣ in tajik ; formerly known as karotegin province ) .
pandiyan kings , despite being subjugated and occupied by the cholas , never accepted subordination of the cholas and always rebelled at the first opportunity .
black success in business and politics , attributed to corruption , violated whites ' assumptions about moral standards and blacks ' " proper place , " and the riot was an effort to reinforce the boundaries of black subordination .
the setting of targets and maxima at various levels in the retailer 's product hierarchies and time dimensions ; and the subordination of purchassing to these limits , is known as " commitment control " .
yamani is known to have strongly objected to this subordination of the country 's opec quota and warned fahd of the effect on oil prices .
in course of time , as the balochis settled down in the country , individuals acquired plots of land for wells , but generally in subordination to the had proprietors or lords of manors .
region of republican subordination .
the alupas , however , were independent and their subordination was nominal at best .
among others , blushing groom is the grandsire of let 's elope , cherokee run , silic , subordination , congaree , leroidesanimaux , tie the knot , swain , dreaming of anna , bago , wekiva springs , multiple european champion march groom and 2006 world champion , invasor .
the " devi gita " is the final and best - known portion of the vast 11th - century scripture known as the " devi bhagavata purana " , a text exclusively dedicated to the devi " in her highest iconic mode , as the supreme world - mother " bhuvaneshvari " , beyond birth , beyond marriage , beyond any possible subordination to shiva . "
but it is most often the resolutions by suppression and subordination that make the headlines because they involve an uneven relationship between two ideals that often disturbs the culturally contingent sense of democracy and equality in western societies .
for modern forms of state subordination , see puppet state , satellite state and client state .
when , therefore , an opportunity was taken by the government in 1768 for reasserting the constitutional subordination of the irish parliament , these powerful classes were thrown into temporary alliance with flood .
the irs has standardized procedures for lien releases , discharges and subordination .
in 1993 , the synod of the orthodox church of estonia in exile was re - registered as the legal successor of the autonomous orthodox church of estonia , and on february 20 , 1996 , the ecumenical patriarch bartholomew i formally reactivated the tomos granted to the oce in 1923 , restoring its canonical subordination to the ecumenical patriarchate .
a key scene which encompasses the idea of class subordination and exploitation of the working classes is the setting of the chicken coop which dorothy employs several workers to maintain .
qayroqqum is a city of provincial subordination , administratively subordinated to the provincial capital of khujand , not to the district capital of ghafurov .
the rise of the atlantic slave trade , which gradually displaced an earlier trade in slaves from throughout the world , created a further incentive to categorize human groups in order to justify the subordination of african slaves .
due to portuguese air force control over airborne units , the paratroops ' battalion numbers reflected their subordination to local air force command , 1st air region ( air force command over north atlantic territories ) command 11th ( portugal ) and 12th ( guiné - bissau ) paratrooper hunter battalion , 2nd air region ( air force command over south atlantic territories ) command the 21st paratrooper hunter battalion ( angola ) and the 3rd air region ( air force command over the indian ocean territories ) command the 31st and 32nd paratrooper hunter battalion ( mozambique ) .
this is resolution by subordination .
the “ freedom ” stressed in the u.s. places emphasis on the individual , unhampered , and this viewpoint persists despite workplaces that require subordination and laws that refine freedom ’s limits .
archbishop wido , in the face of the ruinous conflict in the church of milan , was forced to submit to the terms proposed by the legates , which involved the principle of the subordination of milan to rome ; the new relation was advertised by the unwilling attendance of wido and the other milanese bishops at the council summoned to the lateran palace in april 1059 .
while this brought to an end the identity of the kingdom as an independent ( or semi - independent ) foreign nation , and the absorption of the islands into the japanese state , it also meant an end to over 250 years of the kingdom 's subordination to satsuma .
women ’s sexuality is argued to be socially constructed by male dominance and that women ’s subordination results primarily from the sexual dominance of women by men .
this subordination has allowed the army to identify its organization as the " secretariat of national defense " ( secretaría de la defensa nacional — sedena ) , resultantly , ( to the navy 's annoyance ) the current army chief , general guillermo galván galván ( and his predecessors ) holds the nominal title of " minister of defense " .
henry v 's conquests in france could not be sustained forever , as the kingdom of england either needed to conquer more territory to ensure permanent french subordination , or to concede territory to gain a negotiated settlement .
she argues that " woman ’s spiritual and ontological equality with man rules out the sort of subordination
during elchibey 's one year in power , aliyev continued to govern nakhchivan without any subordination to official government in baku .
on temporarily relieving the command from duty in january , 1777 , washington returned his " most sincere thanks to the captain , " and added that , although the troop was " composed of gentlemen of fortune , " its members had " shown a noble example of discipline and subordination . "
she discussed prostitution as a system of exploitation , and intercourse as a key site of subordination in patriarchy .
china 's long and interactive relationship with the various steppe tribes and empires , through trade , war , subordination or domination paved the way for a large sustained islamic community within china .
by mid century , the subordination of the native catholic upper classes in ireland boiled over in the irish rebellion of 1641 .
upon his return , he met with price to sign a joint statement " for the purpose of removing misapprehensions and allaying public excitement , " its object being " that of restoring peace and good order to the people of the state in subordination to the laws of the general and state governments . "
in relational subordination , both god the son and god the holy spirit are said to be subordinate to god the father because they never command the father , but rather do the will of the father .
in particular , barker ’s " poetical recreations " contains barker ’s challenge of the status - quo of female subordination .
oneness rejects all concepts of a subordination , duality , trinity , pantheon , or other versions of the godhead that assert multiple gods or divine " persons " , individuals , or centers of conciousness within that godhead .
the authority of the commander - in - chief of the armed forces , as well as the principle of his subordination to the constitutional organs of the republic of poland , shall be specified by statute . "
the vermont constitution of 1793 , based partly on the u.s. constitution and bill of rights , guarantees certain freedoms and rights to the citizens : " that the people have a right to bear arms for the defence of themselves and the state — and as standing armies in time of peace are dangerous to liberty , they ought not to be kept up ; and that the military should be kept under strict subordination to and governed by the civil power . "
the cooperation with the house of luxembourg allowed henry ix to obtain parts of the inheritance of his maternal grandfather władysław of opole ; however , the volatility of economic and the subordination of dukes bernard of niedmolin ( falkenberg ) and bolko iv of opole ultimately convinced the emperor on 16 september 1435 to confirm the favorable ruling to the dukes of opole after an arbitration made in prague on 2 july 1417 , who obliged henry ix to return to the dukes of opole the lands taken by him .
in a colonial and apartheid context , the term describes accurately the relationship of domination - subordination between white and black , and has the political meaning that the ' oppressor is not human . '
fasting is believed by some scholars to extol fundamental distinctions , lauding the power of the spiritual realm , while acknowledging the subordination of the physical realm .
maoist military - political theories of " people 's war " and democratic centralism also support the subordination of military forces to the directives of the communist party ( although the guerrilla experience of many early leading communist party of china figures may make their status as civilians somewhat ambiguous ) .
so as to not imply his subordination to the meiji emperor by appearing before him himself , shō tai feigned illness and sent a mission on his behalf , led by his uncle prince ie , and by giwan chōho .
in the poetry depicting warrior society , the most important of human relationships was that which existed between the warrior — the thane - and his lord , a relationship based less on subordination of one man 's will to another 's than on mutual trust and respect .
" he summarized his position by pointing to three main criteria : " domination , a network of money , subordination and brainwashing .
according to this view , several authors propose that behaviors considered abnormal may be in fact part of an adaptive response to stresses experienced in modern or at least in old environments , for example social stress from chronic subordination or interpersonal conflicts ( gilbert et alli , 2002 ; allen & badcock , 2003 ) .
he served as the chairman of the tavildara district in the region of republican subordination of tajikistan .
the effects of this subordination of irish parliamentary power soon became evident , as ireland slowly stagnated economically and the protestant population shrank in relative size .
for much of the next two centuries , the eastern chalukyas had to accept subordination towards the rashtrakutas .
mackinnon and dworkin defined pornography as " the graphic sexually explicit subordination of women through pictures or words " .
the evasion of the courts referred to increasing quasi - judicial decision - making by the civil service and the subordination of parliament resulted from the growth of delegated legislation .
it aims at the subordination of the halakah , the collective body of jewish religious law , or in general judaism , under the dominance of christian theology and the new covenant .
eternal subordination can only exist if the son 's will is at least conceivably different from the father 's .
thus the subordination of the party under the leadership of the communist party ( later the workers ' party of korea ) was formalized .
but even more important than church organization was the way in which the gospel tradition and the gospels themselves , along with the writing of paul , could be interpreted as moving women beyond silence and subordination . "
she coined the term domination culture to describe a system of top - down rankings ultimately backed up by fear or force , noting that one of the core components of this system of authoritarian rule in both the family and the state is the subordination of women — be it in nazi germany and khomeini 's iran today or in earlier cultures where chronic violence and despotic rule were the norm .
ostroh is the administrative center of the ostroh raion ( district ) and is itself designated as a special administrative subordination within the oblast .
once more , the state sacrificed the doctrinal subordination of the jews in order to gain practical benefits , in this case testimony against those who faced it in court .
