like the surface field drainage systems , the subsurface field drainage systems can also be differentiated in regular systems and checked ( controlled ) systems .
the bishop subbasin is an aquifer that resides between two subsurface structures of the tassajara formation in the northern extremity of the amador valley .
in some instances , subsurface drainage can be achieved simply by breaking up slowly permeable soil layers by " deep plowing " ( " sub - soiling " ) , provided that the underground has sufficient natural drainage .
the water management options include irrigation , drainage , and the use of subsurface drainage water from pipe drains , ditches or wells for irrigation .
therefore , a systems biology approach to understanding and optimizing bioremediation with " geobacter " species has been initiated with the ultimate goal of developing " in silico " models that can predict the growth and metabolism of " geobacter " species under a diversity of subsurface conditions .
marsis ( mars advanced radar for subsurface and ionosphere sounding ) is a low frequency , pulse - limited radar sounder and altimeter used on the esa mars express mission .
large subsurface , pressurized habitats would be the first step toward human settlement ; the book suggests they can be built as roman - style atria underground with easily produced martian brick .
in addition to rock samples , drilling technology allows humans to obtain samples of connate fluids and of the subsurface biosphere , mostly microbial life , preserved in drilled samples .
the institute has a 10-year agreement with the new hampshire department of transportation to deploy over 50 weather observation stations throughout the state to measure road surface and subsurface temperature and ozone concentrations .
these technicians use specialized tools for subsurface examination of the sites .
oligotrophic environments include deep oceanic sediments , caves , glacial and polar ice , deep subsurface soil , aquifers , ocean waters , and leached soils .
" dallol " is the djerma language equivalent of the arabic wadi or the hausa kori : an ancient river valley which carries surface water in the rainy season , but maintains subsurface water at other times , making it a magnet for human habitation .
operational deployment of non - us aerospace , surface , and subsurface systems .
the subsurface ocean may have resulted from a 2:3 orbital resonance between dione and tethys early in the solar system 's history that led to orbital eccentricity and tidal heating of tethys ' interior .
et - dsptm uses readily available three phase electric power to heat the subsurface with electrodes .
and economic development ( dced ) to conduct a detailed subsurface investigation
almost all of this increase is due to assessments of new geographic areas and subsurface zones that had too little data for previous research and assessments . "
these representations were axiomatic in that the entire subsurface domain was not used or the entire domain could not be reconstructed ; therefore , it used only a surface and a surface is one aspect not the full 3d identity .
they have an ochric or umbric horizon and a cambic subsurface horizon .
in 1972 , the state filed an administrative action to close the landfill because the chlorinated hydrocarbons buried at the site allegedly were contaminating irreparably the subsurface waters .
on the other hand , it can also happen that a surface drainage system diminishes the recharge of the groundwater to such an extent that the subsurface drainage problem is considerably reduced or even eliminated .
the dongen formation (; abbreviation : do ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the netherlands .
during her research , she uses satellite images for both detecting subsurface groundwater accumulation and land / submarine springs using the thermal aster and modis data .
there is a well developed topsoil with a thickness of more than 1 m through which the subsurface irrigation water can move in and out with relative ease .
surface and subsurface records of the great whin reveal it is not always concordant over wide areas and often rises and falls in the stratigraphical succession in marked leaps and gentle transgressions different levels .
the energy balance of groundwater flow can be applied to flow of groundwater to subsurface drains .
running as a subsurface railway from hauptstraße , the 2.9 km ( 1.8 mi ) line needed a second , underground station at its nollendorfplatz terminus , since the established station there was part of the elevated railway .
tewksbury rock is a small subsurface rock pinnacle located in massachusetts bay , within the city limits of boston .
after the end of formation , the subsurface layer cooled , while the interior of oberon heated due to decay of radioactive elements present in its rocks .
new housing developments and utility lines within the landmark are damaging both surface features ( trenches and earthworks ) and subsurface archeological resources .
watertable control is the practice of controlling the water table in agricultural land by subsurface drainage with proper criteria to improve the crop production .
the 20 surface flow wetlands reviewed reported effluent nitrate levels below 5 mg / l ; the 12 subsurface flow wetlands reviewed reported effluent nitrate ranging from < 1 to < 10 mg / l. results obtained from the niagara - on - the - lake vertical flow systems show a significant reduction in both total nitrogen and ammonia ( > 97% ) when primary treated effluent was applied at a rate of 60l / m²/day .
a physiographic province is a geographic region with a specific geomorphology and often specific subsurface rock type or structural elements .
subsurface dyke is a structure that is built in an aquifer with the intention of obstructing the natural flow of ground water , thereby raising the ground water level and increasing the amount of water stored in the aquifer .
platy structure is usually found in subsurface soils that have been subject to leaching or compaction by animals or machinery .
the subsurface lines were dug by the cut - and - cover method , with the tracks running about below the surface .
a geotechnical investigation will include surface exploration and subsurface exploration of a site .
aquifers are typically saturated regions of the subsurface which produce an economically feasible quantity of water to a well or spring ( e.g. , sand and gravel or fractured bedrock often make good aquifer materials ) .
to obtain information about the soil conditions below the surface , some form of subsurface exploration is required .
colonists on europa would have to descend beneath the surface when europa is not protected by jupiter 's magnetotail , and stay in subsurface habitats .
subsurface - flow systems have the advantage of requiring less land area for water treatment , but are not generally as suitable for wildlife habitat as are surface - flow constructed wetlands .
brines from the subsurface of dry lakes are often exploited for valuable minerals in solution .
gridded surface / subsurface hydrologic analysis ( gssha ) model
the main runway had been graded and the subsurface prepared .
its agricultural lands are served by a constructed agricultural drain system that conveys surface runoff and subsurface drainage from fields to the salton sea , a designated repository for agricultural runoff .
a subsurface island rises from soft sediments covering the continental shelf .
brown rats live in large hierarchical groups , either in burrows or subsurface places such as sewers and cellars .
slight deviations are caused by inhomogenities of subsurface structure .
craters with such a " central pit " are common across ganymede and are especially intriguing since they may reveal secrets about the structure of the satellite 's shallow subsurface .
the subsurface dyke at krishi vigyan kendra , kannur under kerala agricultural university with the support of icar , has become an effective method for ground water conservation by means of rain water harvesting technologies .
a breach can be a sudden or gradual failure that is caused either by surface erosion or by a subsurface failure of the levee .
data recovered from oil and water exploratory boreholes has produced an in depth knowledge of the subsurface and a new understanding of the tectonics , resulting in the discovery of previously unknown faults .
a series of kelvin waves — relatively warm subsurface waves of water a few centimetres high and hundreds of kilometres wide — cross the pacific along the equator and create a pool of warm water near south america , where ocean temperatures are normally cold due to upwelling .
the condition of the earth 's surface , atmosphere , and subsurface can be examined by feeding satellite data into a gis .
tesla designed this system for use in prospecting and discerning the location of underground mineral structures through the transmission of mechanical energy through the subsurface .
subsurface return flow .
because different rock types differ in their content of magnetic minerals , the magnetic map allows a visualization of the geological structure of the upper crust in the subsurface , particularly the spatial geometry of bodies of rock and the presence of faults and folds .
these are thought to have formed when underground chambers of magma were drained through other subsurface tubes and lead to a collapse at the surface .
construction was then delayed somewhat by a rainy summer and a large amount of subsurface rock ; the latter required the use of explosives to clear .
see also farmers ' science congress , subsurface dyke , paddy task force
icy moon subsurface oceans .
the ticket hall and platforms for the subsurface lines were undamaged and reopened the morning after the fire ; the victoria line , its escalators only slightly damaged , resumed normal operation on the following tuesday .
the other water balance components ( like downward percolation , upward capillary rise , subsurface drainage ) are given as output .
this irrigation system was made up of underground channels , known as puquios , which tapped into the subsurface water beneath the ground .
on the west side of the rock lies a park for the royals , laid out on a symmetrical plan ; the park contains water retaining structures , including sophisticated surface / subsurface hydraulic systems , some of which are working even today .
the subsurface rights , also known as mineral rights , are the foundation of recent oil and gas law in the united states .
the lede formation (; abbreviation : ld ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of belgium .
subsurface objects and stratigraphy ( layering ) will cause reflections that are picked up by a receiver .
several foundation - related engineering problems , such as the leaning tower of pisa , prompted scientists to begin taking a more scientific - based approach to examining the subsurface .
as a result , the refuge was established on surface lands owned by the coe with subsurface mineral rights remaining in private ownership .
agricultural hydro - salinity models like " saltmod " , " swatre " and " drainmod " are models integrating hydrological factors like irrigation , evapotranspiration and groundwater flow to simulate the behavior of the water table and soil salinization and to assess agricultural engineering measures like watertable control and soil salinity control by subsurface drains , drainage by wells and salt leaching .
controls on the console included a depth selector , drilling rate selector , equipment calibration , recording and error analysis controls , and various screen and gauge indications of subsurface characteristics .
this type of contamination typically arises from the rupture of underground storage tanks , application of pesticides , percolation of contaminated surface water to subsurface strata , oil and fuel dumping , leaching of wastes from landfills or direct discharge of industrial wastes to the soil .
subsurface water may return to the surface ( eg . as a spring or by being pumped ) or eventually seep into the oceans .
the cretaceous beds subsided about 280 ' below their normal position , centered around the se quarter of section 12 , block 33 t1s ; t&p rr co survey , and the entire strata appears to be preserved within the sink , the surface topography roughly following the subsurface subsidence .
naval engineering includes all arts and sciences as applied in the research , development , design , construction , operation , maintenance , and logistic support of surface and subsurface ships and marine craft ; naval and maritime auxiliaries ; aviation and space systems ; combat systems including command and control , electronics , and ordnance systems ; ocean structures ; and associated shore facilities which are used by naval and other military forces and civilian maritime organizations for the defense and well - being of the nation .
inac also manages the resources and lands of federal lands , including land and subsurface leases and resource royalties .
because of the pressure changes subsurface gases expand and contract periodically , causing a downward gas flow during increase of and expulsion during decrease of atmospheric pressure .
us patent 3958052 - subsurface - fortified glass laminates
instead of flowing in a channel , beyond the pinch - off point the carriers flow in a subsurface pattern made possible because the drain and the gate both control the current .
the method consists of injecting gas into a contaminated subsurface at a pressure higher than that of the gases that are present .
subsurface currents have a large affect on life on earth .
the subsurface drainage facility can be applied to natural or artificial drainage systems .
another hypothesis by mccauley in 1972 was that the canyons formed by withdrawal of subsurface magma .
between 1935 and 1941 calpine corporation of los angeles ( which subleased the mine from the texas gulf sulfur company ) conducted subsurface sulfur mining and recovered 5,000 tons of sulfur .
processed mt data is modelled using various techniques to create a subsurface resistivity map , with lower frequencies generally corresponding to greater depth below ground .
other water soaks through the soil ( a process called " infiltration " ) , and passes underground , causing subsurface runoff .
the germanic trias supergroup ( ) is a lithostratigraphic unit ( a sequence of rock strata ) in the subsurface of large parts of western and central europe ( north of the alps ) and the north sea .
he proposes that the impact heated up subsurface carbon dioxide permafrost causing explosive decompression that flooded down the valles marineris into the northern plains of mars .
this branch maintains an integrated and current inventory of alberta ’s subsurface energy , mineral , and other resources in a geological framework .
it also includes nine areas that contain surface and subsurface archaeological remains .
petroleum engineering is an engineering discipline concerned with the subsurface activities related to the production of hydrocarbons , which can be either crude oil or natural gas .
variations in primary productivity can affect the ocean carbon cycle and potentially atmospheric co2 and climate , because such variations can change the amount of carbon that is stored in the subsurface layers of the oceans ( brix et al . , 2006 ) .
the well spacings in these areas can be so wide ( more than 1000 m ) that the installation of " vertical " drainage systems could be relatively cheap compared to " horizontal " subsurface drainage ( drainage by pipes , ditches , trenches , at a spacing of 100 m or less ) .
the " subsurface drainage requirement " and " well drainage requirement " play an important role in the design of agricultural drainage systems ( references : , ) .
limestone comprises the vast majority of the subsurface area of this vicinity of the coconino plateau , an area riddled with numerous cavernous veins that run for miles in all directions .
the nunavik inuit own and have surface and subsurface rights to 80 percent of the total area comprised by the islands in the nunavik marine region , an expanse of approximately 5100 square kilometers .
once the hardware has been selected , a subsurface engineer will monitor and adjust the equipment to ensure the well produces under ideal circumstances .
subsurface drainage systems .
also , because of the subsurface detonation , radioactive debris may contaminate the local groundwater .
mt does detect resistivity variations in subsurface structures , which can differentiate between structures bearing hydrocarbons and those that do not .
educating farmers on the functioning of these subsurface drainages are needed to prevent a disruption of water supply to all connected fields .
titan 's surface is thought to be a poor reflector of elf waves , so the waves may instead be reflecting off the liquid - ice boundary of a subsurface ocean of water and ammonia , the existence of which is predicted by some theoretical models .
at the time , one of the production methods for ada signage was to subsurface screen print lexan material , emboss the braille , and apply raised text to the surface of the lexan .
on may 4 , 2005 , " mars express " deployed the first of its two 20-metre - long radar booms for its marsis ( mars advanced radar for subsurface and
these pits may result from the interactions of hot crater - fill deposits with water and water - ice that may have been present in the subsurface prior to impact .
it focuses on geologic processes that change the earth 's surface and subsurface ; and the use of stratigraphy , structural geology and paleontology to tell the sequence of these events .
the physical disruption associated with shrinking and swelling produces shiny shear planes ( slickensides ) in the subsoil and either prevents the formation of subsurface horizons or severely disrupts and mixes them .
recent magnetic field data from the " galileo " orbiter showed that europa has an induced magnetic field through interaction with jupiter 's , which suggests the presence of a subsurface conductive layer .
the subsurface portion of the line was opened in 1897 to alleviate congestion for street level trolley cars , with numerous lines from the north and south converging via several portals to park street station .
the system is designed to accept various warheads , allowing its use against surface and subsurface naval combatants along with static land targets .
located in the southeastern gorki-1 microraion , the station presents a typical single - vault subsurface design .
as this subsurface movement of salt shaped the landscape , erosion removed the younger rock layers from the surface .
the ratio of the electric field to magnetic field can give simple information about the subsurface conductivity .
depth conversion is an important step of the seismic reflection method , which converts the acoustic wave travel time to actual depth , based on the acoustic velocity of subsurface medium ( sediments , rocks , water ) .
wastewater from munitions programs including contamination of surface and subsurface waters may be colored pink because of the presence of tnt .
the current state of the icy mantle is unclear , although the existence of a subsurface ocean is considered unlikely .
it had a crew of 2 and was designed to have a high subsurface speed of around 20 knots .
similarly , the subsurface drainage requirement can be found from the drain discharge ( dtr ) in the " subsoil water balance " , the " agronomic water balance " , the " geohydrologic water balance " and/or the " overall water balance " .
the property of swelling also makes sodium bentonite useful as a sealant , especially for the sealing of subsurface disposal systems for spent nuclear fuel and for quarantining metal pollutants of groundwater .
these shales are an important source rock for oil and gas , for example in the subsurface of the north sea .
a subsurface dyke is a barrier impermeable to water that is placed underground to control the groundwater flow and to raise the water table .
the lambertian reflectance arises from the material 's surface and immediate subsurface structure .
the problems are often associated with high water tables , caused by a lack of natural subsurface drainage to the underground .
further evidence of the original design period is manifested by a subtle pattern in the western lawn nearest the castle , which has been documented to be undulations echoing an elaborate subsurface stonework pattern , a hallmark of the 17th century garden plan .
the way the currents diffuse in the subsurface is related to the conductivity distribution in the ground .
the seismic refraction method utilizes the refraction of seismic waves on geologic layers and rock / soil units in order to characterize the subsurface geologic conditions and geologic structure .
he found that subsurface flow wetlands were superior to surface flow wetlands for nitrate removal .
about two - thirds of the species range is dominated by ultisols , which are low in bases and have subsurface horizons of clay accumulation .
models single and coupled processes for geological and environmental phenomena particularly based around subsurface flow .
the name " northern city line " has been revived to refer to the subsurface part of the route .
the subsurface stadium requires many fans to walk down to their seats .
exploration geophysics is also used to map the subsurface structure of a region , to elucidate the underlying structures , spatial distribution of rock units , and to detect structures such as faults , folds and intrusive rocks .
riparian buffers act to intercept sediment , nutrients , pesticides , and other materials in surface runoff and reduce nutrients and other pollutants in shallow subsurface water flow .
utilizing airborne , surface and subsurface platforms deployed worldwide , remote - sensing satellites and seaborne buoys , navoceano data are converted into products that are tailored to every warfighter 's needs .
these structures , which are prominent subsurface features of the texas gulf coast , form significant oil and natural gas traps in the sedimentary rocks that surround them .
mining in the area , although it is legal because the property rights of subsurface resources belong to the state , poses a great environmental threat as waste materials from extraction and processing pollute local watersheds .
it reaches a maximum thickness of in the subsurface of north dakota , and is typically up to thick in outcrop in its type locality .
as a result , nineteen nations worldwide , including australia , brazil , canada , china , france , germany , italy , japan , norway , russia , sweden , switzerland , the u.k. and the united states , teamed up to study the surface and subsurface record of antarctica ’s ice cores .
geotechnical engineers perform geotechnical investigations to obtain information on the physical properties of soil and rock underlying ( and sometimes adjacent to ) a site to design earthworks and foundations for proposed structures , and for repair of distress to earthworks and structures caused by subsurface conditions .
in this process chemical oxidants are delivered in the subsurface to destroy ( converted to water and carbon dioxide or to nontoxic substances ) the organics molecules .
in irrigated lands , subsurface drainage may be required to leach the salts brought into the soil with the irrigation water to prevent soil salination .
this is the heemskirk – granite tor subsurface ridge .
this test produces a set of pressure excitation / response data of the subsurface .
a larger graben is found in the subsurface below the skagerrak , this north - south structure is called the bamble - oslo graben .
for example a rise of the water table towards the soil surface may lead to an increase of evaporation , surface runoff , and subsurface drainage , or a decrease of percolation losses from canals .
stock on subsurface lines is identified by a letter ( such as a stock , used on the metropolitan line ) , while tube stock is identified by the year in which it was designed ( for example , 1996 stock , used on the jubilee line ) .
the micro - biotope where these different endolithic species live together is called " slime " ( subsurface lithotrophic microbial ecosystem ) .
some of the families which did not relocate their base during the year , but wanted to live in permanent camps , built themselves a partially subsurface home of rocks , whale bones , coat and sod , the so - called qarmaq .
the buoy can float at the surface ( lasting 3–4 years ) or lie subsurface to avoid detection and surface hazards such as weather and ship traffic .
it has also been used in environmental applications to propagate a low eh front in the subsurface in order to reduce pollutants such as chromium .
the muschelkalk is restricted to the subsurface of germany and adjacent regions as the low countries , the north sea and parts of silesia , poland and denmark .
the mars express mission is dedicated to the orbital ( and originally in - situ ) study of the interior , subsurface , surface and atmosphere , and environment of the planet mars .
there must be enough natural drainage to the underground , or else an artificial subsurface drainage system must be present , to permit leaching of the excess sodium by percolation of rain and/or irrigation water through the soil profile .
the latter permitted a wide variety of surface and subsurface experimentation to take place on an alien body , such as an asteroid or a moon .
subsurface hydrology hydrograph .
various subsurface currents conflict at times , causing bizarre wave patterns .
this unusual place offers scientists a unique opportunity to study deep subsurface microbial life in extreme conditions without the need to drill deep boreholes in the polar icecap , with the associated contamination risk of a fragile and still - intact environment .
typical composition of the soil is ; a surface layer of very dark brown , partially decomposed organic material , a subsurface layer of gray fine sandy loam , upper subsoil of dark brown fine sandy loam and subsoil of brown channery fine sandy loam .
induced polarization ( ip ) is a geophysical imaging technique used to identify subsurface materials , such as ore .
however , the area where the field system was known to survive only as subsurface features would be affected by the excavations for the navigations .
specifically , it is capable of simulating the refraction of light through a transparent substance such as glass or water , diffuse interreflection between illuminated objects , the subsurface scattering of light in translucent materials , and some of the effects caused by particulate matter such as smoke or water vapor .
if europa has a subsurface ocean , it might also contain life .
the breda formation (; abbreviation : br ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the netherlands .
experimental equipment will measure the ability of the subsurface to accept and retain co2 .
in 1990 , he transferred to the seismic research department of schlumberger cambridge research in cambridge , u.k. where he worked on the application of surface seismic to characterization of the subsurface .
halite is deposited on the surface of the sabkha and gypsum and aragonite precipitate in the subsurface via capillary action out of brines brought up from the water table .
subsurface exploration usually involves soil sampling and laboratory testing of the soil samples retrieved .
the tienen formation (; ; abbreviation : ti ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of northern belgium .
the building gained the top four floors when developers agreed to add 1,650 square feet of bike facilities ( including public bicycle commuter showers , bike parking , and locker space ) under the connected director park subsurface parking , gaining the tower a 40-to-1 bonus .
in a land exchange with the federal government , finalized in 2001 , some of calista 's surface land parcels and a portion of its subsurface estate were incorporated into the yukon delta national wildlife refuge , while preserving subsistence hunting and fishing rights .
drip and subsurface drip irrigation is used almost exclusively when using recycled municipal waste water .
plainview , who owns the subsurface rights on an adjacent piece of land , had already extracted the oil .
while seismic is able to image subsurface structure , it can not detect changes in resistivity .
typically , such models contain representations of surface runoff , subsurface flow , evapotranspiration , and channel flow , but they can be far more complicated .
the trap is the stratigraphic or structural feature that ensures the juxtaposition of reservoir and seal such that hydrocarbons remain trapped in the subsurface , rather than escaping ( due to their natural buoyancy ) and being lost .
depending on subsurface resistivity , current induced , receiver sensitivity and transmitter - receiver geometry , tem / tdem measurements allow geophysical exploration from a few metres below the surface to several hundred metres of depth .
the big basin of clark county is a 2 km diameter , 35 m deep , dissolution collapse feature that formed by the dissolution of salt beds in the subsurface .
the width of the channel can range from , and water flow is usually subsurface in the dry season .
this suggests that their global model might actually be fairly accurate and if so , kelp forests would be prolific in tropical subsurface waters worldwide .
subsurface scattering .
several regional subsurface structures including five sedimentary basins exist under kansas .
it is an eu co - funded combined research and demonstration project to investigate the possibility of permanent subsurface storage of co2 in coal .
the subsurface chemistry of the mangosteen exocarp comprises an array of polyphenolic acids including xanthones and tannins that assure astringency which discourages infestation by insects , fungi , plant viruses , bacteria and animal predation while the fruit is immature .
subsurface water is generally plentiful in illinois .
the tibetan sky - burial practices appear to have evolved out of practical considerations : a ) most of tibet is above the tree line , and the scarcity of timber makes cremation economically unfeasible ; b ) subsurface interment is equally difficult since the active layer is not more than a few centimeters deep , with solid rock or permafrost beneath it .
electrical current is passed through a targeted soil volume between subsurface electrode elements .
the anticline continues uninterrupted in the subsurface of the channel .
the travel paths for rdii entering the sewer system are more complex than surface water runoff , because the transport mechanisms include both surface runoff and subsurface transportation .
the human head demo renders a multi - layered facial skin model using a new subsurface scattering method that employs a sum - of - gaussians formula to simulate the scattering of light that occurs under the surface of a translucent substance such as skin .
" silvertower " brought together surface , air , and subsurface units of several nato navies .
subsurface - flow wetlands move effluent ( agricultural or mining runoff , tannery or meat processing wastes , wastewater from sewage or storm drains , or other water to be cleansed ) through a gravel lavastone or sand medium on which plants are rooted ; surface - flow wetlands move effluent above the soil in a planted marsh or swamp , and thus can be supported by a wider variety of soil types including bay mud and other silty clays .
substrata of impermeable rock and stone can trap water and retain it in pockets ; or on long faulting subsurface ridges or volcanic dikes water can collect and percolate to the surface .
he has published many papers and made several presentations at the society of exploration geophysicists dealing with charting subsurface images of the earth using algorithms to predict what a regular sampling of data would have created .
also it offers the possibility to introduce subsurface drainage systems at varying depths and with varying capacity so that they can be optimized .
with some knowledge of the subsurface thermal structure , these dates are translated into times at which that particular location was at the mineral 's closure temperature .
the ekman spiral works as follows : when the surface moves , the subsurface inherits some -but not all- of this motion .
subsurface utilities are the utility networks generally laid under the ground surface .
petrel was developed to have a familiar microsoft like interface , with a pre - arranged workflow that enabled less experienced user to follow , technoguide made 3d geologic modeling more accessible to all subsurface technical staff , even those without specialist training .
as multiple traverses are performed along the ground surface , the 1-d profiles can be compiled to generate a 2-d profile of the subsurface conditions .
1 . intelligence information derived from electromagnetic emissions associated with the testing and operational deployment of foreign aerospace , surface , and subsurface systems .
the ordovician reedsville formation is a mapped surficial bedrock unit in pennsylvania , maryland , virginia , west virginia , and tennessee , that extends into the subsurface of ohio .
its formation can be influenced by tidal action , or subsurface conditions , such as current and ocean floor .
subsurface rhizomes and roots stabilize the plant ; erect rhizomes and leaves reduce silt accumulation .
individual lines of gpr data represent a sectional ( profile ) view of the subsurface .
reduce risks for society caused by natural and human - induced hazards , reduce health problems by improving understanding of the medical aspects of earth science , discover new natural resources and make them available in a sustainable manner , build safer structures and expand urban areas , utilizing natural subsurface conditions , determine the non - human factor in climatic change , enhance understanding of the occurrence of natural resources so as to contribute to efforts to reduce political tension , detect deep and poorly accessible groundwater resources , improve understanding of the evolution of life , increase interest in the earth sciences in society at large , encourage more young people to study earth science in university .
the hyperbolic distortion must be corrected in ordered to accurately image the subsurface .
the veldhoven formation (; abbreviation : ve ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the netherlands .
faraday 's law dictates that a nearly identical current is induced in the subsurface to preserve the magnetic field produced by the original current ( eddy currents ) .
in this type of survey electrical resistance meters are used to detect and map subsurface archaeological features and patterning .
for example a rise of the water table towards the soil surface may lead to an increase of capillary rise , actual evaporation , and subsurface drainage , or a decrease of percolation losses .
ground subsidence from a variety of causes has been successfully measured using insar , in particular subsidence caused by oil or water extraction from underground reservoirs , subsurface mining and collapse of old mines .
although the base surge typically contains only about 10% of the total bomb debris in a subsurface burst , it can create larger radiation doses than fallout near the detonation , because it arrives sooner than fallout , before much radioactive decay has occurred .
most projects in dublin 's docklands , including spencer dock , are using ggbs in subsurface concrete for sulfate resistance .
this program equips agricultural land with subsurface drains .
a soil stonelayer , or stone line , is a three - dimensional subsurface layer , or soil horizon , dominated by coarse particles ( > 2 mm ) , that generally follows ( mimics ) the surface topography ( sharpe 1938 ) . stonelayers occupy the basal horizon of two - layered soil biomantles ( paton et al . 1995 ; schaetzl and anderson 2005 ; fey 2009 ; wilkinson et al .
a 1990 meeting held in grenoble , france , served as a site of discussion regarding efforts to study the surface and subsurface record of antarctica ’s ice cores .
return flow is surface and subsurface water that leaves the field following application of irrigation water .
it was a subsurface detonation ( note the debris fallout in the photo ) , and was fired on january 15 , 1965 .
in an article on cautious land drainage , the author describes the successful application of subsurface drainage in acid sulfate soils in coastal polders of kerala state , india .
the tamarack mining company bought the cliff property and did extensive subsurface exploration from 1903 to 1908 , but did not find any new ore bodies worth mining .
an early experiment in massive oil storage in mccamey proved a failure : local oilmen attempted to build a reservoir to hold up to a million barrels of oil in an earthen holding tank , but the limestone formation underneath the tank cracked under the weight of the crude , allowing much of it to leak into the subsurface .
much earlier , and some 450 miles north of paris , a specific type of applied anthropology emerged at leiden university , the netherlands , which focused frequently on the relationship between apparent cultural phenomena and subsurface structures found in the numerous cultures in the indonesian archipelago : batak , minangkabau , moluccas , etc .
these tunnels can have a diameter as small as , and the loading gauge is thus considerably smaller than on the subsurface lines .
erh consists of constructing electrodes in the ground , applying alternating current ( ac ) electricity to the electrodes and heating the subsurface to temperatures that promote the evaporation of contaminants .
both the cryobot and the hydrobot would have to undergo some form of extreme sterilization to prevent detection of earth organisms instead of native life and to prevent contamination of the subsurface ocean .
research shows riparian zones are instrumental in water quality improvement for both surface runoff and water flowing into streams through subsurface or groundwater flow .
prior to the implementation of the et - dsptm , site information such as surface infrastructure , surrounding land uses , short term site usage during remediation , subsurface lithology , depth to groundwater , plume characterization , type of contaminant , distribution of the contaminant and required time to attain target temperatures is collected .
the amount of blurring required to accurately model subsurface scattering in skin is still under active research , but performing only a single blur poorly models the true effects .
subsurface threats are a difficult problem , because reliable detection is available to date chiefly by use of high - resolution active sonar or trained dolphins or sea lions .
a further example is the island of tarawa , where the finite amount of space is evident , especially since landfills can not be dug to dispose of solid waste , due to constraints in the subsurface rock and lack of topographic elevations .
in places a reasonable thickness of paleocene and eocene sediments is reached , but most of the subsurface of the netherlands lack deposits of this age .
if one wishes to distinguish an upper and lower part of the transition zone in the absence of a subsurface drainage system , one may specify in the input data a drainage system with zero intensity .
in addition , observations of mineral growth following the deposition of these membranes confirm the presence of mineral bridges originating from subsurface tiles and extending through the organic matrix .
base level is also significant for subsurface drainage .
unlike the homestead act of 1862 or the enlarged homestead act of 1909 , land homesteaded under the 1916 act separated surface rights from subsurface rights , resulting in what later became known as split estates .
however , the work which was to earn him lasting fame was the putting together of all then available information on surface and subsurface structures with the aim of producing a sequential picture of the geological evolution of the british isles .
scalloped depressions are believed to form from the removal of subsurface material , possibly interstitial ice , by sublimation ( direct transition of a material from the solid to the gas phase with no intermediate liquid stage ) .
thicker walled tapes are commonly used for permanent subsurface drip irrigation and thinner walled tapes for temporary throw - away type systems in high value crops .
subsurface trains .
the impervious bed liner ensures that no effluent can enter the subsurface environment or nearby receiving waters .
it is expected to be common in the subsurface of exterior planets and comets .
down in the subsurface calm , the crew were hardly even aware of the turbulence above them .
subsurface productivity is limited by nutrient availability , as the anoxic bottom waters act as a sink for reduced nitrate , in the form of ammonia .
this discovery is significant because it shows the presence of subsurface ice at latitudes further south than expected and proves that future colonists on mars will be able to obtain water from a wide variety of locations .
petroleum and natural gas are found in the earth 's subsurface with the tools of petroleum geology and are a significant source of fuel and raw materials for the production of organic chemicals .
in the petroleum industry rock samples are retrieved from subsurface and measured by core labs of oil company or some commercial core measurement service companies .
rights to the subsurface estate of its lands are with ahtna , inc. , per the requirements of ancsa .
infrared thermographic pipeline testing has shown itself to be both accurate and efficient in locating subsurface pipeline leaks , voids caused by erosion , deteriorated pipeline insulation and poor backfill .
porosity of subsurface soil is lower than in surface soil due to compaction by gravity .
the lake is estimated to contain 12.5 million mt of sodium sulfate in the surface and in the subsurface brine , with probable total reserves of 70 million mt , and possible reserves of 82 million mt .
the success story of the subsurface dyke has demonstrated that it is one of the most feasible methods for the conservation and exploitation of the ground water resources of the state .
subsurface scattering can accurately be modeled using photon mapping .
mining geologists use modelling to determine the geometry and placement of mineral deposits in the subsurface of the earth .
because of this , carbon dioxide concentrations can provide information on volcanic activity in the subsurface .
