in the 1982 summer timetable the supplement was abolished on most of the db 's " d - zug " routes .
kindred of the east is a role - playing supplement by white wolf game studio to their ' line .
it covers following ranges : basic latin , latin-1 supplement , latin extended - a , spacing modifier letters , greek , cyrillic , hangul jamo , general punctuation , letterlike symbols , number forms , arrows , mathematical operators , enclosed alphanumerics , box drawing , geometric shapes , miscellaneous symbols , cjk symbols and punctuation , hiragana , katakana , hangul compatibility jamo , enclosed cjk letters and months , cjk compatibility , cjk unified ideographs extension a , cjk unified ideographs , hangul syllables , cjk compatibility ideographs , halfwidth and fullwidth forms .
a system of wasteways has been built on both the west and east low canals to provide operational safety for the canals and a means of delivering water into potholes reservoir to supplement the natural and return flows .
to lift the financial burden on his family , he began giving private lessons and undertook other part - time work at the university to supplement his income .
jones takes a leave from the detective business and joins the staff of the " daily bugle " as a superhero correspondent and consultant , becoming a main character of the comic book " the pulse " , and a contributor to the same - name fictional newspaper supplement within .
also , dedicated funding sources utilizing real estate transfer taxes , and retail sales taxes , to supplement tools like inclusionary zoning , upzonings , density bonuses , and the waivier of fees like : building permit fees , water and sewer fees , and impact fees have become popular .
in 1967 , when it was started , it was published bimonthly with an occasional special supplement .
[ supplement issues http://www2.lavoz.com.ar/suplementos/temas/08/05/11/nota.asp?nota_id=188465 la voz del interior ] ( spanish )
until 2005 , the station carried the business talk format , a full - time audio relay of cnn headline news , and sports talk programming ( as a supplement to sister station wtem ) , then switched to progressive talk and became an air america radio affiliate .
by 1898 , the force had a further 8 steam launches to supplement its rowing galleys .
the phase spider first appeared in the original " greyhawk " supplement ( 1975 ) .
the ebooks are meant as a supplement of the regular course curriculum , and are as such not directly applicable by the education institution .
the pump provides a magnitude of pressure that aims to supplement the pressure which is created by the bearings rotation , if any .
with a full time staff of 87 and 93 reservist , tenth air force and the 610th regional support group , monitor and provides assistance to all subordinate units to ensure they maintain readiness to supplement the nation 's active air force units with operationally ready units on a moment 's notice .
future plans include building a third subway line to niterói and são gonçalo , including an underwater tunnel beneath guanabara bay to supplement the ferry service currently there .
he regularly writes on french literature and modem poetry for the guardian and the times literary supplement .
he proposed for it when he first predicted its existence in the third supplement to his " systems of rays " , read in 1832 .
national guard units can be mobilized at any time by presidential order to supplement regular armed forces , and upon declaration of a state of emergency by the governor of the state in which they serve .
he prepared also for the palaeontographical society ( 1866 - 1872 ) an important work on british fossil corals , as a supplement to the monograph by henri milne - edwards and jules haime .
he writes on educational issues in seced and the herald , writes a monthly column in the times educational supplement scotland and contributes to the scottish review .
large scale wet - vacs are also sometimes used to supplement .
the substantial additional funds thus raised helped supplement king george 's jubilee trust ’s work in support of young people , youth organizations and youth projects .
the current level of popular support for the deregulation of the supplement industry can at times seem unclear .
fasa 's star trek role playing game has a supplement that gives full statistics for joachim so that he can be used as a non - player character .
savage species is a version 3.0 sourcebook for use as a supplement in the dungeons & dragons game , detailing the use of monstrous races as pc races .
a substantial minority of the retired ( 23 % ) again took up employment to supplement their pensions .
eulogized by his friend rev. ivan stang , co - founder of the church of the subgenius , as " one of the funniest , coolest , most talented , most patient fellows i have ever had the pleasure to know and work with " , riley was involved with the beginnings of the church as " st. joe riley " : he worked on the syndicated program " hour of slack " and most of the early subgenius videos , including the 1991 subgenius commercial for mtv ; he provided key illustrations for stang 's books " revelation x " ( 1994 ) and " the subgenius psychlopaedia of slack : the bobliographon " ( 2006 ) , as well as cards for ' ( 1997 , an official supplement to the steve jackson games card game ' ) ; he designed the official face of subgenius mythos entity nhgh , and made the church 's rubber masks of dobbs and nhgh ( also used in the mtv ad ) .
in the late 1980s , the mount macdonald tunnel was built to supplement the connaught tunnel and to lessen the grade on the eastern approach to the pass .
in 1914 , he published " a companion to the authorised prayer book " , a helpful commentary on and supplement to the prayer book edited by simeon singer .
on february 18 , 2009 , the career supplement , times ascent , underwent a complete revamp .
the following are examples to supplement the article turing machine .
wizards of the coast released an updated version of the original module as a free download for halloween 2005 , retaining much of the original content ; the updated content is from the " dungeons & dragons " supplement book " libris mortis " .
null is the owner of the dietary supplement and media company gary null & associates , inc. he owns a health food store , gary null 's uptown whole foods market , in new york city .
many regional breweries supplement income by contract bottling and packaging .
ibn al - haytham 's " risala fi l - daw’ " ( " treatise on light " ) is a supplement to his " kitab al - manazir " ( " book of optics " ) .
they regularly appeared on the cover of the supplement as well .
in 1974 , the celanese establishes a cytrel tobacco supplement plant in cumberland with a peak capacity of 20 million lbs a year .
estimates for gardermoen as a supplement to fornebu were at most estimated to 14 million passengers in 1993 .
as well , they must have a melodic sense based on a knowledge of a huge repertoire of different scales and scalar patterns , to be able to improvise countermelodies to supplement the soloist 's melodies and fill in empty spaces .
it " received long and favourable reviews in " the guardian " ( hermione lee ) , " the spectator " ( francis king ) , " the sunday times " ( penelope lively ) and " the times literary supplement " ( mark cries ) .
he was educated at the independent barbara speake stage school in acton , london , and had to supplement his parents ' modest incomes by working on a stage production of " oliver ! " , in order to pay his school fees .
robert de ferrers established satellite towns to supplement tutbury .
the yearbook staff work on the yearbook year round and issue one volume per year along with a spring supplement .
because of the long tradition of militaristic elements within the structure of the police even the council of state of greece ruled that the police should be regarded as a military body and that members are not civilians but members of the military engaged in a wider role together with the armed forces to supplement the army in defence of the homeland .
as part of its clinical and non - clinical development services , covance provides testing services to the environmental , food , and nutritional supplement industries , and provides custom antibody products and services to the research community for neurological disorders .
the supplement .
it was used to supplement the grand fleet 's cruisers on the northern patrol , and " hibernia " continued her service as second flagship of the squadron .
the patrol division includes three k9 teams which supplement the patrol division with drug detection ability and tracking capabilities ( ) .
a design team for a major building project will often require a specific technical design experience by professional consultants , such as a kitchen consultant , lighting consultant , audio - visual consultant , landscape architect , and/or am elevator consultant to supplement the technical work of the architect and engineer .
although many consider the atlas to be the ultimate resource for students and scholars alike , the authors stress that " it is intended to supplement existing histories of south asia ... not to be used in place of them . "
it is also used as a magnesium supplement in pills .
( mc citation , supplement to the london gazette , june 22 , 1918 )
according to viner , the supplement sold there was fake and contained furosemide .
in organic cropping systems , biopesticides can represent valuable tools that further supplement the rich collection of cultural practices that ensure against crop loss to diseases .
in 1996 she became the editor of the village voice 's literary supplement , vls .
she has a regular serious column in the main section of the guardian on saturday , as well as a column in the " weekend " supplement , in which she parodies a celebrity diary entry .
one of the stronghold missions suggests that the vk 's supplement their income by rigging sporting events ) .
the astrophysical journal supplement series , 126 , issue 2 , 427
for a brief period in 1993 - 94 , she worked for the banglabazaar patrika published and edited by matiur rahman chowdhury for its weekly literary supplement .
rapid naval armaments supplement programme ( japan , 1941 ) .
n - acetyl - l - cysteine ( nac ) taken as a supplement has shown suppression of the urge to pull hair in a small clinical study .
mapping is the process of guesstimating losses under a downturn by taking existing lgd and adding a supplement or buffer , which is supposed to represent a potential increase in lgd when downturn occurs .
while the successes were many , treatment of actress allison hayes was associated with a continued decline in health , later found to result from lead contamination in a bone meal supplement .
supplement - at that time he was the youngest ever columnist of that newspaper .
the introduction of the skaven supplement to warhammer fantasy roleplay answers these questions with the dogma of the horned rat , although skaven philosophers have questioned the nature of the mysterious stranger , wondering whether this entity is indeed a deity or a merely a daemonic entity .
to supplement their musical incomes , they began flipping houses together .
haack 's work has been reviewed and cited in the popular press , such as the " the times literary supplement " as well as in academic journals .
the " star wars miniatures battles companion " , published in 1994 , was the first supplement and added vehicle rules and flight rules to the game .
parla jeffrey schnapp , " interviewed by stefano gulmanelli , " nòva --ricerca innovazione creatività " supplement , " il sole 24 ore " , aug. 2 , 2007 .
in the united states , 5-htp does not require a prescription , as it is covered under the dietary supplement act .
iso / tc 223 will address and supplement issues not currently addressed by other technical committees or international bodies which iso has formal agreements .
the second sydney airport is an ongoing proposition for another airport to supplement or replace the existing kingsford smith airport in sydney , australia .
to supplement this system , the province also run the alberta main street program which helps to preserve historic buildings in the downtowns of smaller communities .
it was created in 2006 to supplement the work of members of the permanent garda force , and assist in performing its functions .
raw bars serve a selection of oysters and quahogs , and sometimes supplement the menu with cooked versions of the same seafoods such as clam chowder , oyster stew , and steamers .
liwayway extra was also launched in 1936 , a thicker monthly supplement of liwayway .
this annual supplement is still published today .
in a 2001 interview , skaff elias a game designer for wizards of the coast , and author of the miniatures handbook ( dungeons & dragons supplement ) when asked , said that his favorite miniatures engagement was a series of battles he experienced at princecon .
early in the cuban missile crisis , the 2nd battalion landed at guantanamo bay to supplement the defense of the naval base .
there are several other connectors in use , the mini - a , mini- b and mini - ab plug and socket ( added in the on - the - go supplement to the usb 2.0 specification ) .
the 1834 printing incorporates a slim " supplement " with material which post - dates titsingh 's departure from japan in 1784 .
the eca stack is a popular supplement taken by body builders before workouts due to the increased amount of energy and alertness .
he launched the italian people 's flood appeal to help italians caught up in floods in the 1960s , to supplement other charities , such as the venice in peril , which were established to conserve artworks .
in addition , lewisville isd announced plans for the opening of a night school in january 2009 that will supplement and accelerate existing high school education and provide an alternative path to a high school diploma .
although interest is growing , major textbook publishers do not always include recycling in a textbook so teachers are left to supplement the textbooks with outside curriculum to meet the national standards .
sunday supplement is a tv show in the uk .
atmit is a nutritional supplement used to fight famine in impoverished countries .
first class supplement upgrade tickets were initially priced at a flat fare of £ 1.00 for both adults and children for any length of journey .
thus , when the war of 1812 began the united states had no ready avenue for obtaining short - term financing and the government used its borrowing authority to issue treasury notes as a form of debt to supplement its impaired ability to raise money via long term bonds , or " stock " .
for more examples of research using the ngs see http://www.ngs.ac.uk/case-studies and the ict in higher education supplement in
his work has appeared in , " the new yorker , " " the atlantic monthly , " " poetry " , " the american poetry review , " " the kenyon review " , " the times literary supplement " , " ploughshares " , " the paris review " .
to supplement his scant writing income , he taught languages and gave tennis and boxing lessons .
stothard , peter .. " times literary supplement " ( " tls " .
dinamalar carries siruvarmalar , a supplement aimed towards children , every friday .
this site is a technical supplement to ( mcnally et al . , 2005 ) , which should enable isas to be implemented at any center for further study and analysis .
it was published by springer - verlag from 1969 - 2000 , while edp sciences published the companion " a&a supplement series " .
in addition , nmr was now being used to investigate and supplement crystal structures , as exemplified by the determination of an isolated tetraloop - receptor motif structure published in 1997 .
camelina has also been approved as a cattle feed supplement in the us
rainwater is harvested from roof run - off and stored in a 310 cubic metre , buried , concrete tank to supplement the treated water and provide fire protection .
628 people received unemployment benefits and 1,057 received an income supplement .
the fall of the city of oxford released parliamentarian forces to supplement the siege of the castle and , after many months , the staunchly royalist marquess was compelled to surrender to general fairfax on 19 august 1646 .
according to the center 's website , " the center is being founded by a small group of people who are searching for something to supplement their own spiritual journeys . "
the can technical working group initially consisted of members from airbus , boeing , rockwell collins , ge aerospace and stock flight systems ( ) and published the arinc 825 specification in november , 2007 with supplement 1 being released by january , 2010 .
vitamin c is the most widely taken dietary supplement .
nutritional supplement treatment may be appropriate for major depression , bipolar disorder , schizophrenia , and obsessive compulsive disorder , the four most common mental disorders in developed countries .
the list below includes an appropriate prefix ( borough of , city of or county ) to supplement the name .
abraham rees ( 1743 - 1825 ) , a famous nonconformist minister , published a revised and enlarged edition in 1778–1788 , with the supplement and modern improvements incorporated in one alphabet .
many herbal remedies that contain chrysin promote their value as a libido - increasing supplement .
such theories include alternative models of dark energy , such as quintessence , phantom energy and some ideas in brane cosmology ; alternative models of dark matter , such as modified newtonian dynamics ; alternatives or extensions to inflation such as chaotic inflation and the ekpyrotic model ; and proposals to supplement the universe with a first cause , such as the hartle - hawking boundary condition , the cyclic model , and the string landscape .
these units were built to supplement the first batch on services in hampshire .
clubs : club activities supplement academics and give the students practical training which they require in day to day life .
these internship programs provide hands - on experience to supplement course work .
he reviews regularly for " the times literary supplement " and the " south china morning post " .
potential risks of inappropriate vitamin and supplement regimes include an increased risk of coronary heart disease , hypertension , thrombophlebitis , peripheral neuropathy , ataxia , neurological effects , liver toxicity , congenital abnormalities , spontaneous abortion , gouty arthritis , jaundice , kidney stones , and diarrhea .
the game is a " square and counter " supplement to " traveller " , similar to " snapshot " .
in the united states ' supplement market , as well as in asian grocery stores , the mushroom is known by its japanese name " maitake " , which means " dancing mushroom " .
pope alexander vi issued two papal bulls , both dated september 1 , 1501 , in each of which a different father is assigned to giovanni borgia , the second appearing to supplement and correct the first .
" la parola ai professori : il futuro del web sarà a 3d , " interviewed by mauro garofalo , " nòva --ricerca innovazione creatività " supplement , " il sole 24 ore " , feb. 28 , 2008 .
the supplement was written round the time of the london 1862 exbibition .
shortly thereafter , he purchased the assets of fageol motors of oakland , california in 1938 in order to supplement his need for a custom built logging truck chassis .
the ghouls of yanaidar appeared in supplement iv : " gods , demigods , heroes " ( 1976 ) .
ahazu himself is not mentioned until in the game 's third edition supplement , and then in the savage tide adventure path in dungeon magazine .
this is a 64 page supplement described as the switzerland of the buck rogers universe .
jagiellonian university , the oldest and best known university in poland and ranked by the times higher education supplement as the best university in the country , was founded in 1364 as the cracow academy and renamed in 1817 to commemorate the jagiellonian dynasty of polish - lithuanian kings .
launched in 1999 , with taiwan and china as the debut markets , the series differs from the typical international versions of " sesame street " in that it was devised as a supplement to esl ( english as a second language ) instruction .
marking of tangible items or assets in accordance with iuid policy is mandated by incorporating defense federal acquisition regulation supplement ( dfars ) clause 252 - 211 - 7003 in dod contracts .
however , the reference may have been to a sixteen days ration of hard tack ( buccellatum ) , which was usually used to supplement the daily wheat ration ( frumentum ) .
muse " , the arts and features supplement , runs a varied spread of features , articles , columns and satire pages and is currently edited by camilla jenkins .
however , in mountainous areas hunting and gathering is also an important supplement to the staple diet of corn , cassava , and rice .
2,4-d is also an important synthetic auxin , often used in laboratories for plant research and as a supplement in plant cell culture media such as ms medium .
this deal was apparently constructed as a further supplement to the buyout provision contained in prince 's employment contract .
in 1866 , a supplement , the " pioneer mail " , consisting mostly of advertisements , was added to the publication .
its name was " exame informática " formerly , a reference to its creation as the technology supplement for " exame " , a business magazine .
protandim is a patented dietary supplement that allegedly increases the body ’s antioxidant defenses .
egm live * ( the asterisk disclaiming that the podcast is " not actually live " ) , was a supplement to the magazine " electronic gaming monthly " .
to supplement the w - series passenger cars , fifteen vans were built in 1913–1914 with clerestory roof outlines and numbered cw 1–15 .
the airport was listed as abandoned in the 15 march 2007 canada flight supplement .
there is a separate curriculum for after school educators that is designed to supplement classroom learning and includes the use of digital video to tell hero stories .
while originally created for distance education , vles are now most often used to supplement traditional face to face classroom activities , commonly known as blended learning .
" jaids journal of acquired immune deficiency syndromes " 47 supplement 1:s15-s19 .
upon successful completion of a work for the dole placement , participants are usually eligible for a training credit to assist with accredited training ( $ 800 for six months , less for less time ) , a " passport to employment " package of job application training , and a fortnightly transport supplement .
dictionaries , however , need to be updated constantly to remain current , but adding yet another supplement was deemed awkward by the editors because it would require users to consult not only two but three separate alphabetical listings to find a word .
is mainly used at ski resorts to supplement natural snow .
a two week study had participants supplement their diet with sugar - sweetened soft drinks , artificially - sweetened soft drinks , or neither .
maarvon ( in hebrew : מערבון ) is a film supplement to maayan edited by joshua simon .
the volvo olympias have been handed to stagecoach in gloucester to supplement their fleet .
he was the editor of " masa " , the literary supplement of the newspaper " lemerkhav " , and engaged in additional editing and translation .
some , particularly the southern paiute , also planted fields of corn , sunflowers , and squash to supplement their diet .
" appendix to enclosure a " and " annex to appendix to enclosure a " of the northwoods document were first published online by the national security archive on november 6 , 1998 in a joint venture with cnn as part of cnn 's 1998 " cold war " television documentary series — specifically , as a documentation supplement to " episode 10 : cuba , " which aired on november 29 , 1998 .
this concept spread rapidly across europe and the far east : in some countries , during the 60s , the ' pa supplement ' was an extra section of the newspaper filled entirely with advertisements from " pa recruitment " .
shortly before his death in 1922 , elwes asked a. grove , a friend and fellow lily expert , to undertake the task of producing a supplement .
happy valley reservoir , built between 1892 and 1897 at a cost of au$1.8 million it was the third reservoir constructed in south australia as a supplement to the thorndon park reservoir ( built 1860 ) and the hope valley reservoir ( built 1872 ) .
owing to severe drought , the emperor augustus built the aqua augusta in or around 33 bc in order to supplement the aqua marcia , and the later the aqua claudia when required .
brown was educated at eton and bristol university and then became a freelance journalist in london , contributing to " the tatler " , " the spectator " , " the times literary supplement " , " literary review " , the " evening standard " ( as a regular columnist ) , " the times " ( notably as parliamentary sketchwriter ; these columns were compiled into a book called " a life inside " ) and " the sunday times " ( as tv and restaurant critic ) .
sune is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement " warriors of heaven " ( 1999 ) .
it was shown as a supplement during " sleeping beauty 's " initial run , and it won an academy award in 1959 for best short subject ( live action ) .
supplement to the london gazette , 8 june 1917
are available in the judiciary 's 2007 statistical supplement .
the f2 is designed as a supplement to the fennek and is intended to provide a maximum of mobility , protection and growth potential .
a second edition with a supplement , published immediately after , drew forth fresh protestations , and the edition was suppressed .
with examples from medicine , entertainment , wine - collecting , education , business , sports , and oenology , ayers explains how statistical evidence can be used as a supplement or substitute for human intuition .
in addition to the aps that each unit receives , each player receives an amount of command action points ( caps ) that can be used at any time to move / fire units that are not active , supplement an active unit 's aps , or modify a dice roll .
supplement to the london gazette , 2 november 1918 ( 30989/12976 )
chaparral offers programs and services to supplement the basic education program .
as either an alternative or supplement to the line , expansion of european route e16 from sandvika to hønefoss has been proposed ; increasing from two to four lanes on the first from bjørum to hvervenmoen , estimating to cost nok 3.5 billion ; local politicians have suggested toll road financing .
in the amish community , where ga1 is overrepresented ( morton , 2003 ) , patients with ga1 did not and still do n't receive tryptophan - free formulas , neither as the sole source of amino acids , nor as a supplement to protein restriction .
it aims to supplement the material in the journal .
public municipal officials and slaves supplement this administrative flow chart .
a supplement was licensed in 1703 which included the christmas carol " while shepherds watched their flocks " , one of a number of hymns by tate .
many packages exist to extend and supplement the capabilities of xemacs .
popular support may have been based on a misunderstanding of the situation after the deregulation of the supplement industry .
rationale for fibre supplement use .
they may evolve into the equivalent of a home made gaming supplement .
a sunday newspaper supplement which published many sensationalist stories , it was initially named " the american magazine " but soon changed to " the american weekly " .
arnold schoenberg began to arrange " das lied von der erde " for chamber orchestra , reducing the orchestral forces to string and wind quintets , and calling for piano , celesta and harmonium to supplement the harmonic texture .
she has also served as an editor of several magazines , including ' working woman ' and ' ms. , ' and has published work in such places as businessweek , global journalist , and the sunday supplement of the ' boston globe . '
its central supplement , " en rojo " ( " in red " ) is one of the best cultural magazines in the island , featuring historical and literary articles , movie reviews , and linguistic contributions from puerto rico 's best writers and intellectuals .
short map drills can supplement .
she went on to translate verse from russian into both english and french , contributed to " grove 's dictionary of music and musicians " , and wrote articles and reviews , including work for " encounter " , the " times literary supplement " and " the literary review " .
his work in connection with fétis 's " biographie universelle " , for which he prepared a supplement ( two volumes , 1878 - 80 ) , has , however , been found to be lacking in thoroughness .
volume 20 saw the introduction of a full colour entertainment supplement , " the siren " .
it has been argued that happiness measures could be used not as a replacement for more traditional measures but as a supplement .
on 23 april 1943 the british war office ordered that a second airborne division be raised to supplement the original 1st airborne division which had not been built up to a full division but had served for the british to develop their airborne forces .
the high praise of andré gide in the literary supplement of le figaro in february 1947 contributed to its success .
many formal education programs will accept hours worked as an apprentice to supplement or replace course credits , as well .
national safety associates ( nsa ) is a privately - owned marketing company based in collierville , tennessee , best known for selling a line of water and air filters , and then the nutritional supplement juice plus , via multi - level marketing .
in 2007 the organisation celebrated its 50th anniversary , and released a nostalgic supplement looking back at its first half century .
in addition to these , hunting and fishing supplement the local diet .
fill flash or " fill - in flash " describes flash used to supplement ambient light in order to illuminate a subject close to the camera that would otherwise be in shade relative to the rest of the scene .
this version can now be found ( with nicks commentary ) on the dvd supplement of her 2007 collection crystal visions - the very best of stevie nicks .
supplement to the london gazette , 3 december 1918 ( 31046/14316 )
supplement to the london gazette , 3 august 1918 ( 30827/9204 )
the novel was serialised in the " star weekly novel " , a toronto newspaper supplement , in two abridged instalments from january 16 to january 23 , 1965 with each issue containing an uncredited cover illustration .
each book in the series received moderately positive to strongly positive review in sources such as the " times literary supplement " , " hornbook " , and " kirkus " .
this is an essential nutritional supplement for the children , because at home they never get milk and hardly ever eat fruit .
however , a " megatherium",who wanted to eat meat as diet supplement , charges the pride of " smilodon " , in order to eat some of the carrion .
the nascent carbon trading market that sponsors co2 sequestration projects , could therefore help supplement the farmers ' income while supporting a decrease in the pace of deforestation and the development of a more sustainable agriculture .
karl marx 's methodology borrowed from hegel dialecticism but also a rejection of positivism in favour of critical analysis , seeking to supplement the empirical acquisition of " facts " with the elimination of illusions .
blood donors and pregnant women are at special risk of low iron levels and are often advised to supplement their iron intake .
his articles and essays have appeared in numerous publications and languages including the " times literary supplement " , " les temps modernes " , " musik & aesthetik " , and the " new york times " book review .
special projects , such as those with the military in ethiopia ( which obliges all soldiers to carry condoms when they leave the base ) or with local medical practitioners in india who make a small profit selling condoms , extend and supplement this approach and ensure the products are widely available .
models for the timing and biogeography of their domestication and subsequent husbandry have been put forward , mainly based on mitochondrial dna variation , though other markers are currently being analysed to supplement the genetic narrative ( e.g. , the y chromosome for describing the history of the male lineage ) .
the majority of his other cards supplement his elemental hero monsters , such as the field spell , " skyscraper " , and these cards have allowed jaden to emerge victorious even in dire situations .
he has written for the " evening standard " , " frankfurter allgemeine zeitung " , " lingua franca " , " london review of books " , " prospect " , " the independent " , the " times literary supplement " , and " rising east " .
eden studios playtester insight : a finished printing copy of the supplement was ready for production , it was debate however within the eden studios playtester community over the value of releasing the product initially as a pdf and then later releasing a printed copy if demand existed which helped prevent its release .
it is similar in tone to brooker 's " screen burn " column which he writes in " the guardian " newspaper ’s guide supplement every saturday .
tsp has gained a following as a nutritional supplement that can improve certain parameters of exercise performance .
on may 2 , 1855 , a charter supplement allowed it to extend to bellefonte , to connect with the bald eagle and spring creek navigation canal .
trimspa is a dietary supplement designed for weight loss , marketed by the company goen technologies , headed by alexander szynalski , a.k.a .
( devanagari : परिशिष्ट , " supplement , appendix " ) is the term applied to various ancillary works of vedic literature dealing with details and elaborations not covered in the texts logically and chronologically prior to them : the samhitas , brahmanas , aranyakas and sutras .
such companies allow the brand firm to produce ( either as a supplement or solely ) without having to engage in the organization or running of a factory .
in theory the btc was to coordinate different modes of transport , to co - operate and supplement each other instead of competing .
anyone taking low dose methotrexate for the health problems listed above should consult with a physician about the need for a folic acid supplement .
as with all butterworts , the leaves are densely covered with glandular hairs attract , trap , and digest arthropod prey to supplement the poor nutrient availability of its environment .
the service was fully described in the post office guide and the july 1969 edition ( august 1969 2nd supplement ) reported that the service was available at stations on british rail ; ravenglass and eskdale railway ; festiniog railway ( summer only ) ; talyllyn railway ( summer only ) and northern ireland railways .
for example , this has been a criticism of the induction stage of the atkins diet ( note that today the atkins diet is more clear about recommending a fiber supplement during induction ) .
in addition , submachine guns like the ppsh-41 had proven their value as simple , cheap , and effective weapons to supplement infantry firepower .
anemia may require ongoing evaluation and iron supplement .
" tintin in the land of the soviets " was published for the first time in " le petit vingtième " ( the children 's supplement to the belgian newspaper " le vingtième siècle " ) between 10 january 1929 and 11 may 1930 , and appeared in album form in 1930 .
further controversy followed in 2005 when an investigation by " the times educational supplement " revealed that scores as low as 16% could lead to a ' c ' grade in mathematics , and that some exam scripts were marked by university graduates , including edexcel administration staff , rather than teachers .
individuals who can not absorb fat may require a vitamin e supplement because some dietary fat is needed for the absorption of vitamin e from the gastrointestinal tract .
eventually , ywam began offering courses to train missionaries as a substitution or supplement to formal theological training .
they had little flour , and were consuming candle wax and shoe leather to supplement their minimal rations .
the following article is a supplement to the article turing machine .
the " ships " supplement contains expanded rules for star ship creation , and new rules for planet generation .
regular intake of antioxidants ( such as vitamin a , c and e ) is theoretically helpful , but taking them as a supplement has been shown to have no benefit .
the newspaper carries a monthly " learning english " supplement that offers news and classroom aids to teachers of english as a foreign language , as well as a guide to the best listening on the bbc world service .
in early 2004 , " supplement : kimiwa pet " was included as a free extra with " kiss " .
tahitian noni international ( tni ) , a rival mlm beverage company , sued xango llc and several of its top executives in february 2003 in the 4th district court in provo , utah , alleging that xango executives stole tni 's concept for a mangosteen - based supplement while they were employed by tni 's parent - company .
" newtwo " is the student magazine of newport to be launched as a supplement inside all issues of newsport ( and with its own sections online ) as from september 2009 .
he turned to education to supplement his income from his legal business and taught in the akron and warren public schools , helping to establish the graded - school system now common .
in games the term " sourcebook " is a publication intended to supplement the core materials of a gaming product .
it actually took 29 years , by which time the new supplement " ( oeds ) " had grown to four volumes , starting with a , h , o and sea .
omb circular a-133 compliance supplement .
founded by american - born and/or raised muslims , amila was meant to supplement the activities of local mosques and muslim organizations with events and projects of interest to the american muslim community .
diploma supplement .
kohut identified in an elaborate special study ( printed in the supplement ) the often unacknowledged sources of nathan ben jehiel 's information , though everywhere defending him against the charge of plagiarism .
in 2002 , an " xtreme legends " ( " moushouden " in japan ) was released as a supplement to " dynasty warriors 3 " , featuring story modes for the characters in the " other " category .
the paper has varied the amount of space given over to welsh language coverage , but currently at least two full pages of welsh are provided in the saturday supplement .
he was the editor of the newspaper " le vingtième siècle " ( " the twentieth century " ) , whose youth supplement , " le petit vingtième " , first published " the adventures of tintin " .
torture was applied as a supplement to the new inquisitorial procedure .
however , motor buses were gradually introduced from 1921 to supplement the tram system , and double - decker buses appeared ten years later .
he was ranked the 24th most influential person in the british media , in the 9 july 2007 " mediaguardian " supplement of " the guardian " .
having trouble sleeping after games , gugliotta took a supplement marketed as a " sleep aid " which included furanon di - hydro , also known as gamma butyrolactone , or gbl .
" to accomplish this , the united states department of defense ( dod ) identified a centralized , electronic registration process known as ccr as the single point of entry for vendors that want to do business with the dod. to this end , the defense federal acquisition regulation supplement ( dfars ) , subpart 204.7300 , required contractors to register in the ccr to conduct business with the department of defense .
constantly in need of funds to support his growing family , wright designed the homes to supplement his meager income .
north american cherokees were known for making blowguns out of river cane to supplement their diet with rabbits and other small creatures .
nearly every official supplement source book and most issues of " dragon magazine " introduce new prestige classes .
a bylaw to provide for the sum of $ 75,000 to supplement the sum of $ 75,000 granted by bylaw 248 for improving east end park and exhibition grounds .
while the green movement ’s image is naturally more “ environmental ” and meimad is associated with a greater emphasis on social affairs it is now clear that the two parties’ programmatic orientations supplement each other and that a common ticket creates a synergism .
the books were designed as a supplement or substitute for school texts and primers and many people actually learned to read using the thirty - six books that were published from the 1890s to the 1930s .
the announcement of the award was published in a supplement to the " london gazette " on 11 may 1917 .
issued as a supplement to " the botanic garden " were 70 numbered prints under the title of " the fruitist " .
we will continue to translate from latin to english and from english to latin as a means to supplement our knowledge of vocabulary and grammar .
