the peak lookout is one of few remaining examples of arts and crafts architecture in hong kong , and many people feel that it has become an irremovable part of its surroundings .
surroundings .
in the surroundings of azhdahak there is a lake akna ( ) of volcanic origin , “ akn ” means " spring ( water ) " in armenian .
although in 790 , the churchly account already lists possessions " ad trun " and some medieval defence constructions are known in the surroundings since the 10th century , " trauwenstein " itself was firstly mentioned in a scripture of the monastery baumburg in the year 1245 .
they affiliated with the guelph platers of the ontario hockey league and performed very well in their new surroundings , finishing in third place in their first season and topping the standings in their second .
there have been many alterations since 1930 , but they have always maintained the character of the hut and its ' surroundings .
the paintings are to be seen at a close distance because of their size and detailed brushstrokes , in order to follow gestures , surroundings and the delicate precise strokes ; but above all , to trap the spectator as in a spider web .
discreetly set within the idyllic surroundings of the north downs , sellindge music festival is an independent , family friendly annual arts festival featuring an eclectic mix of music and live performance .
the landscapes he painted in the rural surroundings of hilversum were received favourably .
wealthy londoners came to enfield first to hunt , and then to build houses in the green , wooded surroundings .
endothermic , also incorrectly known as endergonic , refers to a chemical reaction in which a system receives heat from the surroundings .
the human body tends to protect itself against harmful surroundings .
in 1301 duke sambor of rügen enfeoffed his castellan matthew in schlawe with his domains in the surroundings of schlawe , rügenwalde and stolp .
the local climate is made up of the weather patterns , wind patterns , solar patterns , and pollution patterns for the site and its surroundings .
an important and revealing idealized special case is to consider applying the second law to the scenario of an isolated system ( called the total system or universe ) , made up of two parts : a sub - system of interest , and the sub - system 's surroundings .
the area of lake biwa is fantastic for its natural surroundings .
argo was a passenger car able to perceive the environment through the use of microcameras , analyze the surroundings , plan a trajectory , and drive itself on normal roads .
to refer to someone as a " space cadet " is to imply that they are " on another planet " , i.e. foolish or unaware of their surroundings , for example , " that guy is a total space cadet . "
the lake ’s surroundings have sparse vegetation cover .
thus , at any given altitude ( except close to the surface , where water temperature dictates air temperature ) the environment inside the cyclone is warmer than its outer surroundings .
the affluent german colony was stood out in its poor surroundings .
the college is situated amidst beautiful natural surroundings , away from developed areas .
in letters to his brother theo , vincent recalls zundert , and its surroundings a few times when writing about childhood , serenity and learning about life .
the park features egyptian surroundings with over 65 palm trees .
several major tourist attractions can be mentioned in the town ’s surroundings , like dupnitsa about 21 km , kyustendil about 27 km , pernik about 22 km , cherno killer about 30 km , bojanský church about 35 km , dragalevtsi monastery about 37 km , lučani ( serbia ) about 48 km , samokov about 49 km , sofia about 56 km , cloister rilsky about 44 km , borovets ( bulgaria ) , about 55 km , current kobilje ( serbia ) about 61 km , and blagoevgrad ( bulgaria ) about 46 km .
using augmented reality , the simian , gremlin - like creature appears to be aware of its environment and surroundings and reacts to them accordingly .
while the player walks through an environment , the surroundings may suddenly change .
a final tie attaches to the front edge of the hood , permitting the mother to either open the hood for a curious child to emerge and take in the surroundings , or to pull the hood across closing the child away from the wind and elements .
one guest , the niece of arthur balfour described it as " a modern , aristocratic house , in harmony with its surroundings , well suited to its purpose , fully expressing the soul of its owners , and , like them , a national treasure . "
with their permanent camp established , the colonists took several short trips within the next few months to further explore their surroundings .
goebel wrote over one hundred songs for the mullets , some of them bitter love songs ( “ " swimmin’ alone with the turkeys " ” ) , some scoffing at his surroundings — particularly high school ( “ " at the pep rally " ” ) , some making fun of popular culture ( “ " intrusive t.v. neighbors " ” ) , and some purely comedic ( “ " at a flea market " ” ) .
the undulating streams , swaying bamboos , abundance of wildlife , sylvan surroundings and trekking tracts make dandeli sanctuary a unique holiday destination .
significant work was undertaken to alter the building and its surroundings to create a tearoom with a rural ambience .
it is distinguished by the color purple worn by most of the local inhabitants as well as the color of their surroundings .
with this water all surroundings looks green most of the time .
the result is that both the crater and its ejecta blanket stand above the surroundings .
it is a type of zone electrophoresis , usually performed in a gel , that takes advantage of the fact that a molecule 's charge changes with the ph of its surroundings .
ó hailpín adapted well to life in his new surroundings and openly accepted all aspects of irish culture .
as such , bikfaya and its surroundings remained uninhabited until the 16th century .
birla institute of applied sciences(bias ) is located in the most picturesque surroundings of the lake town of bhimtal , in the nainital district of uttaranchal .
this small town has nice surroundings and a good restaurant by the old clinic situated at the end of the town .
with an acute awareness of the present surroundings , it brings relevant facts and details to the forefront and may lead to spontaneous action .
despite the chic surroundings , there ’s blood on his shirt , evidence of a struggle and a luger pistol on the persian rug ...
the omride palace was located on an elevated 4 meter high rock - cut platform that isolated it from its immediate surroundings .
while many of the world 's most famous marathons are traditionally associated with a city route , the connemara international marathon presents a fresh new version of ' the marathon ' and its surroundings .
the high speed makes it hard to handle and requires extremely fast reflexes and a broad awareness of your surroundings in order to anticipate changes .
they have four extensible eye - stalks which can turn to give a 360o view of their surroundings .
" just as architects of old created styles to harmonize with their environment , so have the architects of florida been creating , from native motifs , a style that is carefully adapted to the climatic conditions and surroundings of the state .
he never ceased efforts to improve the living conditions and surroundings of rural and farm people - particularly those who lived in the south - and to extract from nature through scientific research those elements and resources which could be made useful for the benefit of mankind .
velez 's fanbase is drawn from the west of buenos aires and the surroundings of liniers , although fortineros can be found in moreno and merlo as well .
surroundings .
in comparison to his contemporary and fellow european transplant , richard neutra , frey 's designs are more integrated into the surrounding landscape and draw from the local surroundings for color and metaphor .
knjaževac and its surroundings have a temperate and continental climate .
nisse 's varied surroundings consist of meadows with hawthorn hedges and en ' welen ' - a type of open water - and is loved by both hikers and cyclists .
many settled and assimilated into their new surroundings .
community planning goes hand in hand with sustainable development and thus rolf disch dedicates much of his design and planning to the symbiosis of his projects ' surroundings .
the part in between formula_2 and formula_6 is thermally insulated from the surroundings , usually by vacuum .
the details he provides include physical geography , the climate , the surroundings , the architecture , the vegetation , the different human types , the animals , all in great detail .
in the interior , the spaces left between the walls and roof and filled with clerestory windows , as well as the asymmetric light from the wall openings , serve to further reinforce the sacred nature of the space and reinforce the relationship of the building with its surroundings .
she wrote around 60 poems during her imprisonment and set many of them to music , employing deceptively simple tunes and imagery to describe the horror of her surroundings .
some graduates of nfb rehabilitation programs report that after losing their sight in mid - life they were discouraged by those who never experienced sight not to continue visualizing their surroundings or loved ones despite medical opinions to the contrary .
stellar winds from young clusters of stars ( often with giant or supergiant hii regions surrounding them ) and shock waves created by supernovae inject enormous amounts of energy into their surroundings , which leads to hypersonic turbulence .
while waiting for ben webster of canada and two other sherpas he went on enjoying the most splendid moments of his life with his two sherpa colleagues taking video shots of ben and others climbing the last part of the summit ridge and the magical surroundings against the backdrop of the much blessed early morning sun approaching from behind 8462 m makalu , 5th highest mountain in the world .
alongside the agreement , hull city council will also be reviewing the options with partners on how redevelopment of the stadium and its immediate surroundings could form the basis of a comprehensive regeneration plan for this area of east hull .
“ all children must look after their own upbringing , ” she reads , and from these words she understands that she can either blame her surroundings and give up , or take responsibility for her own future .
recently these five falls are attracted by many tourists visiting khunti due to its eternal beauty , pristine surroundings and calm atmosphere .
carthage became reduced to its immediate surroundings , its actions restricted by treaty , and required to pay a large indemnity to rome .
neutrons that have lost kinetic energy until they are in thermal equilibrium with their surroundings are an important cause of soft errors for some circuits .
after moving to kadaň , its industrial surroundings drew him to ecological topics .
in the town of sinaia and its surroundings restrictions are in place regarding cutting down or picking up flora .
while adjusting to his surroundings , montgomery renewed his acquaintance with janet livingston , who later recounted that " politeness led him to make me a visit " .
cruz was born in hormigueros , puerto rico and raised in the humble surroundings on his family 's farm ; his father was a sugar cane fields worker who later became a workers ' union leader .
carnegie purchased the site in 1917 for $ 1.7 million dollars shortly after the a sign was erected reading " for sale without restrictions , " his ownership prevented apartment house development there that would intrude on his mansion 's surroundings , but the site remained undeveloped with only a few billboards and a lemonade stand on on of the city 's most expensive addresses .
blends of opposites , as of the north and the south in the case of his upbringing as a child , characterize him and may explain the keen insights he always displays into the nature of his surroundings .
the surroundings cause them to recall their relationship as young women , and the summers they had enjoyed there in the past .
" the independent republic of estonia shall include harjumaa , läänemaa , järvamaa , virumaa , with the city of narva and its surroundings , tartumaa , võrumaa , viljandimaa , and pärnumaa with the baltic islands of saaremaa , hiiumaa , muhumaa , and others where the estonians have settled for ages in large majorities .
it is named after giovanni cassini , the discoverer of iapetus ; ' regio ' is a term used in planetary geology for a large area that is strongly differentiated in colour or albedo from its surroundings .
the citadel and its surroundings bear witness to the entire history of mainz concentrated in one spot : commencing with the roman cenotaph drususstein via the barracks of the federal fortress up to the air raid shelters of world war ii .
for the surroundings in the midst of which the blessed have their dwelling must be in accordance with their happy state ; and the internal union of charity which joins them in affection must find its outward expression in community of habitation .
for example , in the atmosphere , when a molecule of water evaporates from the surface of any body of water , " energy " is transported by the water molecule into a lower temperature air parcel that contains less water vapor than its surroundings .
this new unit is usually a subdivision of the same country as its surroundings , but in some cases , full sovereignty may be attained , often referred to as city - states .
bored by his surroundings , he boasts to his mother that his education is complete for he can easily lead any woman into his bed and , subsequently , into the whorehouse .
thus , while a system can go through some physical process that decreases its own entropy , the entropy of the universe ( which includes the system and its surroundings ) must increase overall .
his principal interest , in photography as in life , was the way in which people relate both to their natural surroundings and to the environments they create
the dumnaya mountain and its surroundings are also mentioned in many tales by pavel bazhov .
today camp marcella comprises over of mostly woodland surroundings and a clear fish laden lake , with all of its facilities designed for the best possible care of children with blindness , visual impairments and special needs .
in 1997 and 1998 , mehta worked in collaboration with chinese film director zhang yimou on a production of the opera " turandot " by giacomo puccini which they took to florence , italy and then to beijing , china where it was staged , in its actual surroundings , in the forbidden city with over 300 extras and 300 soldiers . for nine historic performances .
the vazes received tithes from a total of 28 communities in the surroundings of salem .
[ … ] his surroundings may at first appear normal , and he may gradually become aware of something uncanny in the atmosphere , and perhaps of unwonted [ " sic " ] sounds and movements .
an " antenna inherent reactance " includes not only the distributed reactance of the active antenna but also the natural reactance due to its location and surroundings ( as for example , the capacity relation inherent in the position of the active antenna relative to ground ) .
eschewing the commercialism of branded spa products and merchandise , the rock spa is a truly natural seychellois spa experience which embraces the ecology of its unique surroundings .
" the hunter " is a free to play pc game that recreates hunting wild animals in as realistic a manner as possible , on an open world island , based on the islands and surroundings of washington state in the usa .
in january 2007 , the church and its surroundings were used as locations in the filming of an episode of " eastenders " , broadcast in the united kingdom over the easter 2007 holiday season .
in practice , personal choices are often influenced by the environment in which a person lives ( i.e. his family , social status and geographic surroundings ) , by his national language and culture ( sometimes including the national constitution , form of government or religion ) and by current developments in fashion , technology , sports and social programmes .
stickley visited california in 1904 and was taken with the grand simplicity of the old spanish missions and their harmony with their surroundings .
at the end of the second world war , during the winter of 1944–45 , dordrecht and its surroundings were in the middle between the opposing armies .
slavonian cuisine and freshwater fish are a part of the gastronomic offerings of the town and its surroundings .
the village and its surroundings .
it is unknown whether they are indeed " theritas " " sensu stricto " . " t. drucei " and " t. triquetra " as well as some species of the disputed assemblage are known from santa catarina or its surroundings , while the rest of the " paupera " group but also many other related lycaenidae are found in the andes .
northwich and its surroundings has a number of schools and colleges .
surroundings .
surroundings .
the school itself is situated in pleasant surroundings and within walking distance of the government hospital , government post office , police station , and the main shopping center of bo town .
surroundings .
she became interested in helping people , especially the sick and poor ones in her surroundings .
splendid tall trees such as eugenia , alstonia and rain trees in the surroundings make picnics and other activities more enjoyable .
on october 20 and december 2 , 1687 , powerful earthquakes destroyed most of the city and its surroundings .
instead , the interaction of each part with its immediate surroundings causes a complex chain of processes leading to some order .
samuel haycraft , jr. , in his " history of elizabethtown " , wrote in 1869 : " for who can tell what elizabethtown will be with her delightful location , her enterprising and energetic population , her railroad facilities , her fine water , and her surroundings of intelligent and gentlemanly farmers , the best fruit country in the world , and her future manufactories that must spring up , and when it becomes a large city it will be well to look back upon her starting point . "
although young open their eyes after about nine to ten days and begin to explore their immediate surroundings , they will not venture from the security of the den until at least four weeks old .
other differences of enercon 's wind turbines are their distinctive drop - shaped generator housings , designed by lord norman foster , and their towers , which are painted with green rings at the base to blend in with their surroundings ( enercon natural color scheme ) .
paintings , often on reflective surfaces , as well as drawings , photographs , assemblages and other multimedia were produced , inspired by these surroundings , and this was considered some of his strongest works .
the surroundings of the city are also full of valuable hittite remains .
surroundings .
they can fade into a relatively drab appearance when sleeping or demonstrating submission while the coloration is often the most vivid when the fish is healthy and unthreatened by its surroundings .
during the greek enslavement by the turkish empire , skiadas and its surroundings villages have seen very little of the burden , as skiadas is part of the souli valley which resisted the turkish rule for hundreds of years by brewing many local fighting heroes .
the ideal surroundings might have influenced them to give the place a name linked with the favorite mahajanapada of buddhists .
this argument , first put forth by william frassanito in 1975 , goes this way - gardner and his assistants timothy o'sullivan and james gibson had dragged the sniper 's body 40 yards into the more photogenic surroundings of the devil 's den to create a better composition .
the purely human character of pushkin 's story , the golden cockerel —a tragi - comedy showing the fatal results of human passion and weakness— allows us to place the plot in any surroundings and in any period .
due to the turkish presence , it was demanded that prince miloš obrenović spread the surroundings .
his intellect could support his ego — for instance , the sixth doctor was the only one who was able to repair and operate the chameleon circuit within the tardis , allowing it to change shape to suit its surroundings rather than looking constantly like a police box ( although the appropriateness of the tardis 's appearance to its environment was more - or - less nil ) in " attack of the cybermen " .
he dislikes intoxicants and drugs because they cloud the mind ; only on very rare occasions has he ever relaxed enough to imbibe even moderate amounts of alcohol , and then only in very secure surroundings .
however , the officers have been so unattentive to their surroundings that they have failed to recognise captain black , who has discreetly switched their flight papers with an alternative set of instructions .
the family occurs mostly in southern to western eurasia and surroundings , but also ranging far into pacific , with some species in africa .
in the distant past , the surroundings of visaginas were once inhabited by the selonians .
these surroundings he also described in his poems .
we were apart during the spring , when everything feels young , even aged saturn ; however , none of the beauty i saw around me could bring me into sympathy with my surroundings .
4.500 men were sent to arica , meanwhile another 9.000 were posted at tacna and its surroundings , forming a barrier impossible to brake for the forces of the leiva 's second southern army of 2.000 soldiers , which even adding the remaining forces of montero would n't reach 6.000 men , having no artillery support whatsoever .
the black swallowtail pupae may be green or brown , but not depending on its surroundings or what it has pupated on .
he sees at times in " ambiguous transparency " a wardrobe , a ceiling , wallpaper , an armchair , a tumbler with a teaspoon , a pillow , but these images on closer inspection dissolve into the surroundings of the expedition .
visual perception is the ability to interpret information and surroundings from visible light reaching the eye .
as prey animals , they must be aware of their surroundings at all times .
the mountain and its surroundings boast an impressive diversity of habitats , including forets of various deciduous / evergreen compositions , rocky outcrops , ponds , streams , marshes , and beaver swamps .
in a further acknowledgment of its surroundings , every episode of the program ended with curtains down , just like a play .
one day , seven evil pigs appeared , and using their magical powers , they mutated the surroundings into a bizarre landscape .
the town and its surroundings are ideal for cycling .
the surroundings abound in alpine flora , ferns , hanging moss and species of wild flowers .
like other chameleons , this species can change colour and pattern to suit the surroundings .
the family of the viscounts of thouars doubtless originated in the surroundings of poitiers where they held lands in the 10th century .
an alternative special case in which a system exchanges no heat with its surroundings ( " q " = 0 ) is called an " adiabatic process " .
although the clearing of surrounding woodlands and the building of the reformatory branch railroad disrupted the pristine atmosphere of egg rock 's surroundings in the later 1800 's , by the beginning of the 21st century , the area had largely returned to a more natural state .
it is an uncommon plant native to the modoc plateau and surroundings in northeastern california and southeastern oregon , where it grows on the rocky volcanic soils of the region .
a witch doctor of the surroundings , who found out about the attitude of the wealthy neighbor , entrusted that all the curses fell on him .
chasewater watersports centre is located within the surroundings of chasewater country park and use chasewater reservoir for watersports .
his dogged determination in keeping a daily journal , often under the most difficult of circumstances and in the most unpropitious surroundings , has given us a uniquely valuable historical record of life in the nineteenth century . "
in 1989 , the lake and its surroundings were designated as an important bird area .
some energy is transferred between the surroundings and the reactants of the reaction in the form of heat or light ; thus the products of a reaction may have more or less energy than the reactants .
this is due to be demolished by 2011 which will improve the overall surroundings of the stadium considerably .
the surroundings were populated as early as antique times ( roman remains below the hill of dumbovica ) , while the first croatian settlement was mentioned in the sources already in the 14th century .
the charterhouse the book refers to is probably the valserena abbey of paradigna , located in the surroundings of parma .
surroundings .
the building although not fitting in ( or showing any sympathy ) with its surroundings impresses some with its 1960s sci - fi look .
in 1606 ( within the stephen bocskay uprising ) bocskay troops occupy the surroundings of bratislava .
it rises 1,000 ft . above surroundings .
the flat , nearly featureless interior has been flooded by lava , and has a lower albedo than the surroundings giving is a darker hue .
there are human figures in this scene , but it is easy to imagine them overpowered by the magnitude and mystery of their surroundings .
in cowboy bebop , spike seems almost lazy and uninterested in his surroundings most of the time - his hands stay in his pockets , or he 's seen leaning against a wall , but once the action starts , spike moves quickly and deliberately , using everything around him to his advantage .
the local geology is defined by the soil type , substrata , local land use , and water patterns of the site and its surroundings .
both the climate and the soil structure make the town and its surroundings an ideal place for onion farming .
by operating mechanical contraptions and deciphering codes and symbols discovered in the surroundings , the nebulously explained goal can eventually be reached .
surroundings .
additionally the ballpark featured more intimate surroundings than the cavernous astrodome .
these dukes joined göttingen and surrounding towns in battles against aristocratic knights in the surroundings of göttingen , in the course of which the citizens of göttingen succeeded in destroying the fortress of grone between 1323 to 1329 ad , as well as the fortress of rosdorf .
transportation in richmond , virginia and its immediate surroundings include land , sea and air modes .
the bucolic nature of the surroundings made it a natural summer resort village .
implementations range from the embryonic ' quick time event ' to context sensitive sword combat in which the attack used depends on the position and orientation of both the player and opponent , as well as the virtual surroundings .
the settlers would have found great comfort in their new surroundings , the hilly terrain resembling that of ireland , and subsequently their new home was named mayo after county mayo in ireland .
the report concludes that the israeli soldiers deliberately shot at the family members , as they could not perceive any danger from the house , its occupants or the surroundings .
the magellan crew soon starts to explore their immediate surroundings .
community planning goes hand in hand with sustainable development and thus rolf disch solar architecture dedicates much if their design and planning to the symbiosis of their projects surroundings .
casas would spend much time there , and would repeatedly depict the monastery and its surroundings .
in the war and post - war eras , as pressure built to assert a national identity in the face of the looming superpower of the united states and the " motherland " britain , composers looked to their surroundings for inspiration .
pompey gave the city and its surroundings to antiochus i theos of commagene ; pliny the elder nonetheless ascribes it to coele syria .
in the unfamiliar environment of cortona he took in “ the minutae and human relationships ” of his surroundings , and was struck by the importance of the italian piazza in people ’s social lives . likening the piazza to a “
the united states department of homeland security has advised citizens to " be vigilant , take notice of your surroundings , and report suspicious items or activities to local authorities immediately . "
upon inspecting the surroundings of the house , ryan finds the control box of the security system , and drops a bottle of water , resulting in the explosion of the turret which releases heavy bolts of energy inside the house .
the stronghold of the pelym princes was also a significant religious centre ; a sacred siberian larch grew in its surroundings and even in the 18th century people used to hang the skins of sacrificed horses on its branches .
specific proteases act on the protein in the extracellular environment when cells have a reason to move or change their surroundings .
the precinct and its immediate surroundings are administered independently of the local government area of the city of sydney , by a new south wales state government statutory authority , the sydney harbour foreshore authority .
in 2001 , the two historical fortifications and their surroundings became a national monument .
the paintings combine compelling clarity with a sense of the unknown and an appreciation for natural surroundings .
surroundings .
raised in the wooded swamps and seashores of central florida , the band constructed electronically wired percussive instruments , called " spikestands " , out of natural elements found in their rural surroundings .
however , few took the opportunity to leave their respected role in very luxurious surroundings .
it therefore relies on the periodic near - destruction of its surroundings in order to survive .
away from the yard , the surroundings become residential once more for another four blocks before entering a heavily industrial neighborhood around an intersection with ny 31 .
the goal is to produce a system that will virtually simulate a given scenario while still allowing a patient to interact with the surroundings .
in the surroundings iron ore was probably mined and perhaps silver , and at that time the town was supposed to get two crossed mining hammers with a sword into its heraldry .
in 2009 - 2010 a major $ 30 million terminal expansion project is underway , the design however still blending with the unique surroundings of the national park and jackson hole preservation area .
there is evidence that the occupants cleared the surroundings by burning away the undergrowth and removing stones to use the land for farming .
her surroundings often dictated what medium she could work with at any given time .
station surroundings .
following their victory , the ottoman troops entered buda and pillaged the castle and the surroundings , but they retreated soon afterwards .
youngsters are often uprooted without being consulted and then must contend with their new surroundings .
the name came about because of their surroundings .
ies describe physical environments in which information and communication technologies and sensor systems disappear as they become embedded into physical objects , infrastructures , and the surroundings in which we live , travel , and work .
severe european windstorms are often characterized by heavy and large amount of precipitation and their strong adiabatic process , where the systems does not relate with its nearby surroundings despite temperature differences .
to an extent , robeson ’s character could be seen as reductionist in terms of identity as he tends to be photographed in natural surroundings : sometimes with clouds and the sea as backdrops –
heilbronn and its surroundings are located in the northern part of the larger stuttgart metropolitan area .
kulal tribe lived in the surroundings of burkhara and bukhara city amidst the most turbulent times but remained safe and stayed out of the line of fire .
there is also an adventure playground for children which is beautifully blended into its current surroundings .
it exclusively contains local news about cavan and surroundings .
marzi realized that beej is in control of the surroundings and manages to persuade him to stop the animated murals .
the , an archive of the history of the region and its surroundings which also works closely with the college baseball foundation , is located on the campus of texas tech university , as are the moody planetarium and the museum of texas tech university .
booth 's writing style is marked by a smart , subtle humour , with which he observes his surroundings , himself , and the people he meets .
from there we perceive our true nature and essence ; we become more aware of our surroundings ; we become one with others and life ; we experience an inner guide that influences us to move in the right direction and catches our negative propensities as they arise on the surface ; we come in touch with our universal nature ; we come in touch with the transcendent reality and spiritual force ; we overcome the limits of time , bringing timelessness into time ; and evoke the powers of the infinite into this finite existence , to name several .
the highly original new building will combine the college with shops , offices and flats which will complement its historic surroundings .
when the sun is at a high angle , the rim and central mountains appear brighter than the surroundings , and white patches can be viewed on the crater floor .
he is on his way to see her , and she pictures how he makes his way through the familiar surroundings ( " duvemåla pasture " ) .
the picturesque landscape with the centures old oak and acacia woods , the many marshes , the abundance in various flora and fauna species and the long distance from the nearest settlements allow the hunters to enjoy the charms of untouched surroundings .
most made little effort to blend with their surroundings - they were designed to attract attention .
depending on the circumstances , the surroundings and the environment the listener is receiving this message in , can also have an effect on the outcome of the meaning of the message received .
surroundings & amenities .
housed within the school of oriental and african studies ( soas ) , university of london , the station builds on the rich and varied expertise in world cultures , musics and languages found in the institution and its local london surroundings .
non - profit centre offers traditional medicine and acupuncture among modern surroundings .
predominantly 1930 's semi - detached homes in eccleston village , council estates at gillars green and trapwood close ( now a mixture of private and housing association property , small 1970 ’s housing estates at eccleston mere and an abundance of 1990 ’s detached houses , such as small developments at ledbury close , long meadow with some houses with gardens backing into the mill brook , eccleston woods and the cloisters ; where you will find a selection of detached homes in wooded surroundings , close to taylor park .
the museum and its surroundings are depicted on the 20 litas banknote .
the surroundings are one of the most heterogenic areas in that region dominated by spruce and fir and beech and fir forests with spruce on more pronounced slopes .
it tolerates captivity much better than other european vipers , thriving in most surroundings and usually takes food easily from the start .
today , the mercat square and the surroundings are the main center of civic life .
the accuracy of a simple wet - bulb thermometer depends on how fast air passes over the bulb and how well the thermometer is shielded from the radiant temperature of its surroundings .
it was also thought that the unsophisticated amateurs would perform more comfortably in their accustomed surroundings .
morwenstow and its surroundings feature heavily in the plot of the mystery thriller novel " set in stone " ( 1999 ) by the british author robert goddard .
this small but handsome church , situated in idyllic surroundings near the shores of loch awe , was built in 1770 on the site of a much earlier church of rubble stone and is a category c(s ) building .
a goral minority lives in the surroundings .
other vital signs such as pulse , heart rate , blood pressure , and movement are indirect indicators of consciousness , and when these are combined with expired gas analysis of inhalational anaesthetic agents , an experienced anaesthetist can be confident a patient is unconscious and not aware of their surroundings .
the projects will transform the city of algiers and its surroundings by equipping them with a retail area , and restoration and leisure facilities .
however , the " natural advantages of the surroundings , from a landscape gardening point of view ... in a great measure compensate for this defect . "
silvaner is traditionally grown in the limbach village in slovakia , that is famous for its varietal silvaner wines , and in its surroundings .
the expected genres of buddhist art showing the buddha , or buddhist monks , and confucian art of scholars in repose , or studying in quiet often mountainous surroundings follows general asian art trends .
the village , and its surroundings , has roughly 300 inhabitants .
" alpha protocol " is played from a third - person perspective , allowing the player to see thorton and his surroundings at all times .
historical evidence suggests that prior to sports evolving into a professional and later commercial form and migrating to prescribed spaces , they originated culturally , embedded within the immediate surroundings where people lived in society .
section 6 ( the party ) marjane is becoming more aware of her political surroundings .
at the heart of the software is an " adaptive behaviors " module which assigns context - sensitive motions to characters based on their surroundings --- for example , football players could be programmed to automatically tackle when near another player , or a swordsman could swing to attack nearby enemies .
banchory academy is a secondary school serving banchory , scotland and surroundings , including the neighbouring communities of raemoir , crathes , strachan , drumoak , durris , inchmarlo and glassel .
the 120-kilometre - long ( 75-mile - long ) dry lakebed and its surroundings are protected as etosha national park , one of namibia 's largest wildlife parks .
the site reserved for the college consisted of scenic surroundings .
the remaining were bought by the corporation in 1930 and in september 1975 the park and its surroundings were designated a conservation area .
other emerging heroes include the target and targeteers in amsterdam , and the arrow in tibet ; unaware of his surroundings or of how much time has passed , the arrow inadvertently fires three arrows into fighting yank ’s chest .
fat tone continued to make music however rgardless of what was happening in hi surroundings .
also , after it exits aspe and all the way until it leaves elche , it flows through a riverbed which lies quite deep ( despite the river 's flow itself being really shallow ) if compared to the surroundings .
each blackadder though is a cynical , cowardly opportunist concerned with maintaining and increasing his own status and fortunes , regardless of his surroundings .
soon after arriving in constantinople , françois pouqueville had gained some liberty of movement as his jailers had learned about his medical skills and he succeeded in exploring the surroundings of the fortress , notably the sultan 's private gardens at the topkapi palace , and even his harem , with the complicity of the sultan 's gardener whom he had befriended .
its closest living relative might be " c. zanandreai " of lake fondi and its surroundings in west - central italy .
many negative endings in this book involve being killed in someway by a ghost , but there are a alternatives such as ; falling down a hole to the basement , being pulled into a spirit counter , falling off a bridge , being attacked by vampire chickens , and turning to stone for eternity ( but still being " alive " in that you are still fully aware of your surroundings ) , you survive the story by successfully figuring out how to defeat the mpg , but if you awaken the wrong ghost - it could be another negative ending , so you must be careful .
while he has never stepped foot outside of the village , he feels he has no choice to leave after his familiar surroundings and family , including veigue himself , come under attack from a mysterious outside military force .
however , in the australian , new zealand , dutch , irish , scandinavian , spanish and eastern european shows the north american human surroundings were used .
toxin can also blend in with its surroundings and become undetectably camouflaged , an ability he gained from his grandfather , and he can form solid weapons from his limbs , an ability first seen in his father .
the central part of the village is of a compact type , with a number of isolated houses ( called dvori ) in the surroundings .
it lived in a valley strewn with boulders , and its grey fur allowed it to blend in perfectly with its surroundings .
the sardine run is also visible from the shores of scottburgh and its surroundings most winters .
the interior of the crater has a higher albedo than the surroundings , so the crater stands out prominently when the sun is overhead .
sri seshadri tried to protect the young swami who seemed quite unaware of his body and surroundings , but the urchins continued their harassment .
the two doctors brush off loomis ' request declaring that michael was merely " a catatonic " exhibiting " comatose behavior " who does not react to any of his surroundings .
