guillemin symmetrical clutch .
it is shot through with a pungent awareness of the gallows , in the tiny mediocrity of life as karyotakis felt it , mortality is measured against insignificant , black , pecking birds , or the town policeman checking a disputed weight , or identified with futile street names ( boasting the date of battles ) , or the brass band on sunday , a trifling sum of cash in a bank book , the flowers on a balcony , a teacher reading his newspaper , the prefect coming in by ferry : " if only , " mutters the last of these six symmetrical quatrains , " one of those men would fall dead out of disgust . "
symmetrical staircases on either side of the atrium lead up to galleries and corridors on the second and third levels .
these are two symmetrical identations on the posterior aspect of sacrum which contain a venous channel too .
the church follows a three - by - four - bay layout with distinctive federal touches as symmetrical fenestration , fanlights and rectangular gable massing .
this is a small symmetrical monogenetic cinder cone and the best preserved volcano associated with the milbanke sound group .
a possible move is the symmetrical 1 ... g6 .
the entirely non - symmetrical complex is designed to not look like a museum , with startling colours and angles , unusual spaces and unpredictable projections and textures .
traditional gothic elements and shapes were used in unique ways ; gothic arches are framed by rectangular elements dominating a symmetrical and proportionate façade , creating an impression of dynamism .
vanbrugh 's design evolved into a baroque structure with two symmetrical wings projecting to either side of a north - south axis .
williamson avoided all transformers except the output transformer by using a split - load valve voltage amplifier stage ( " phase splitter " ) to provide antiphase signal inputs to the symmetrical push - pull output stages .
its members are commonly called the " symmetrical hermit crabs " .
early styles featured symmetrical layouts and façades , a centrally located front door and a hipped roof of corrugated iron , leading to a veranda on the façade .
the steep - sided , symmetrical stratovolcanoes in the region were built by repeated eruptions of thick , slow - moving lava that have commonly flowed only a few kilometres from the vent .
an axial and symmetrical geometry rules the temple layout .
the new structure was symmetrical : four ranges enclose a central court , and at each corner a pavilion was erected .
over the blotches are symmetrical rows of thin lines which spiral along the whorls of the shell , which are normally about 9 in number .
symmetrical stimulatory interactions follow from the postulate that activation of b cells , t cells and a cells involves cross - linking of receptors .
symmetrical networks .
if the molecule is symmetrical , e.g. n2 , the band is not observed in the ir spectrum , but only in the raman spectrum .
the rim of the crater projects slightly above the surrounding lunar mare , and the interior is symmetrical and nearly featureless .
the rudder was slightly reduced in area and the symmetrical fin section changed to an airfoil shape , producing a sideways lift force that swung the tail slightly to the left .
symmetrical variation .
in the pre - war days it was an imposing building , well proportioned and symmetrical , painted in yellow and kept immaculately clean .
this style utilizes classical details and geometric , symmetrical forms .
the bakhrabad anticline , as defined by seismic , is a narrow , elongate almost symmetrical fold about 69 km long up to 10 km wide .
foliage take different shapes , from needle thin to broad and flat , symmetrical to irregular , spiky and soft .
so , when a one - up assertion is met with a one - up response , or when a one - down assertions is met with a one - down response , a symmetrical exchange occurs .
image : major and minor triads.png|500px|thumb|right|major and minor triads on the white piano keys are symmetrical to the d. ( compare article )
the final stage is testified in only one temple , the central unit at tarxien , with its three symmetrical pairs of apses .
driven almost to extinction after the railroad destroyed their indigenous swamp lands , the stiltspear were a race of quadrupedal creatures with insect - like legs and radially symmetrical hands that can be closed into spears , with which they hunt .
a variety of transverse flute embouchures are employed by professional flutists , though the most natural form is perfectly symmetrical , the corners of the mouth relaxed , the lower lip placed along and at a short distance from the embouchure hole .
the discontinuity is introduced by the principle of symmetry under which relationships are treated as symmetrical , or reversible .
the focus and climax of the taj mahal complex is the symmetrical white marble tomb ; a cubic building with chamfered corners , with arched recesses known as pishtaqs .
the ornamental accessories are symmetrical palms and sprays , wreaths and ribands .
the advantage of this was that there was nothing that had to be done to the setup in order to decipher a message ; the machine was " symmetrical " at all times .
the cause of sacroiliac joint dysfunction is likely in the correlative movements of the sacroiliac joints ( either too much or too little movement in the joint or assumption of an antagonistic position by the innominate bones when they normally should be symmetrical ) .
symmetrical hammering- which is almost always done by a machine- gives the cymbal a brighter sound .
the nxi design study incorporated many innovative features , and attempted to make use of interchangeable front and rear components ( the symmetrical door skins were the only interchangeable items that made it into production ) .
" now make a fist with both hands around my fingers and squeeze tightly " test the grip for normal and symmetrical power .
this is likely because a " garden city " , by definition , involves symmetrical planning .
however , as the remaining mountain is roughly symmetrical , most of the activity must have occurred at the central plug .
if there are " n " objects , and the matrix is symmetrical ( so the distance from object " a " to object " b " is the same as the distance from " b " to " a " ) such a matrix contains
it is sometimes called a ' star pine ' , due to its symmetrical shape as a sapling , although it is not a true pine .
it has eight just intonation triads in a scale of only six notes , and each triad has two notes in common with three of the other chords , arranged in a musically symmetrical fashion due to the symmetry of the octahedron it is based on .
the steeply - pitched gables , high chimneys and filials are the most striking gothic revival component of the exterior ; although the house is generally symmetrical its intersecting gables give it a strong picturesque quality as well .
this section contains newton 's proof that a massive spherically symmetrical body attracts other bodies outside itself as if all its mass were concentrated at its centre .
her three - dimensional works in beeswax , wood , and concrete are abstract references to symmetrical and structured forms .
there is an extension to bartlett 's theorem that allows a symmetrical filter network operating between equal input and output impedance terminations to be modified for unequal source and load impedances .
the symmetrical quatrefoil shape with a large circular central space seats 7,000 persons .
it is in the environment of equal temperament that the new styles of symmetrical tonality and polytonality , atonal music such as that written with the twelve tone technique or serialism , and jazz ( at least its piano component ) developed and flourished .
the symmetrical front facade is organized into five bays , with the central and end bays projecting outward and the other two receding .
a similar structure was built over the south - east corner , giving the south facade a symmetrical appearance .
but then again , gardella strictly controlled the form , imposing a symmetrical composition .
further structures , such as ravelins , hornworks or crownworks , and detached forts could be added to create a complex symmetrical structure .
igct capable of blocking reverse voltage are known as symmetrical igct , abbreviated s - igct .
it displays elements of the interwar georgian revival style with regular multi - paned windows and a symmetrical form .
the contemporary shape of the skateboard is derived from the freestyle boards of the 1980s with a largely symmetrical shape and relatively narrow width .
with symmetrical allure , the residence has at its disposal a columned porch and narrow windows .
the flowers are bisexual ; they have six petals and are radially symmetrical , and in the best known species are white or yellowish - white .
they are medium - sized to large trees growing to 30 - 50 m tall , with trunk diameters of up to 1.5 m. the leaves are alternate , divided into a symmetrical pair of large leaflets 5 - 10 cm long and 2 - 4 cm broad .
the vesica piscis is one form of a symmetrical lens ; the term is also used for lenses generally .
for invertebrates , locational terminology becomes more complicated , as many species are not bilaterally symmetrical .
however , indian " rose cuts " were far less symmetrical as their cutters had the primary interest of conserving carat weight , due to the divine status of diamond in india .
eastern tribes have a completely different beadwork aesthetic , and innu , mi'kmaq , penobscot , and haudenosaunee tribes are known for symmetrical scroll motifs in white beads , called the " double curve . "
symmetrical ones also facilitate
from hartsop , looking straight up the nose of the ridge , hartsop dodd appears to be an independent fell- a steep sided , symmetrical , bell - shaped peak of considerable height .
because the nylon backbone is so regular and symmetrical , especially if all the amide bonds are in the " trans " configuration , nylons often have high crystallinity and make excellent fibers .
the above list is symmetrical .
the rim of geber is symmetrical and nearly circular , with only minor indentations at the north and south faces of its high , terraced wall .
the symmetrical complex of chapel facilities , crematorium and columbarium blends inconspicuously into the overall picture and is justified to the main north - south axis of the cemetery .
these blades have a distinct wavy design and are sharpened on both sides , typically tapering to ( or close to ) a symmetrical point .
it was expanded to become a highly symmetrical artillery fort .
the vines are symmetrical left to right and there are 42 pairs of leaves where either the left or the right ( but never both ) leaves are discoloured .
each of the major state rooms is symmetrical ; for some , false doors are necessary to achieve this effect .
the lower floor features marble columns of the tuscan order , supporting paired , symmetrical semicircular bays .
for a symmetrical polyhedron , a shell may be made up of one or more cell types .
the x - ray intensity around the capsule must be very symmetrical to avoid hydrodynamic instabilities during compression .
the addition has a twelve - story atrium and melds historical and contemporary design with art deco references such as setbacks , central tower , symmetrical projecting wings , pyramidal roof and abstract cascade and scallop lobby design .
note that there is no requirement for the filter to be symmetrical internally , only that the end sections have the same image impedance facing into identical terminating impedances .
recent studies indicate that an electric aircraft can easily add a regenerative soaring feature , whereby its propeller , using symmetrical blade sections , can be used as a turbine to recharge stored energy when the aircraft encounters an updraft .
the gravitational influence of the compact object appears to be reshaping this stellar wind , producing a focused wind geometry rather than a spherically symmetrical wind .
2-cell symmetrical front .
the formal gardens that have been created by the present count of vendeuvre , have a strictly symmetrical classical lay - out of closely - clipped scrolling designs set against gravel reserves , and borders and box hedges set in lawns , with a formal water beyond , flanked by pollarded lime trees ( lindens ) , against a background of mature woodlands .
the mosque though simple in design but has a symmetrical plan with well organized constituent parts .
these were small to medium - sized odontocetes with largely symmetrical skulls , and thought likely to include ancestors of some modern species .
areas are also found in the english and french country house , where basements were popular in the 18th century as a way of accommodating service functions while allowing all four faces of a symmetrical classical building to relate directly to its landscape setting , as at mereworth castle in kent or the abbey , skirwith in cumberland .
mccartney is left - handed , and he admired the instrument 's symmetrical shape , allowing him to simply switch sides .
the first extended composition consistently based on symmetrical pitch relations was probably alban berg 's " quartet " , op . 3 ( 1910 ) .
professor lee cronk at rutgers says : " more symmetrical men put on a better show , and women notice " .
the general appearance of the new craft is built on more symmetrical lines , the " koonya " promises to be a fast steamer , and should soon make a name for herself , and prove a profitable investment to her owner , who intends to put her in the channel and sorell trade
the machine featured the major operational convenience of being symmetrical ( or self - inverse ) .
the initial shape of arda , chosen by the valar , was of a symmetrical continent lit by the two lamps , illuin and ormal , made out of the misty light that veiled the barren ground .
the symmetrical defense is an uncommon variation of the queen 's gambit declined .
this configuration leads to highly symmetrical structures , hence the tetrahedral shape of the molecule . ticl4
the dipleurula is a bilaterally symmetrical , ciliated echinoderm larva .
other than the oriel window , the building is symmetrical and it has two storeys ; each house is a mirror - image of the other .
structure of a unique twofold symmetrical heme - binding site .
a second variant was produced , this time with a symmetrical cab ; two different versions of this model were produced - one for the italian market ( g 2000 - 2 bb ) with left hand drive ( trains in italy generally keep to the left ) and another ( g 2000 - 3 bb ) with right hand drive for germany .
the building is of the iraqi type , in plan also , with a symmetrical disposition of four " iwans " around a central courtyard .
these were very simple classicist structures consisting of a symmetrical rectangular core with portico and very modest exterior decoration . "
originally beginning with an analysis of the harmonically symmetrical properties of his instrumental forms , clark ’s study soon encompassed the forms of schubert ’s songs as well .
the naca 0015 airfoil is symmetrical , the 00 indicating that it has no camber .
lm was diagnosed with thrombosis of the superior sagittal sinus which resulted in bilateral , symmetrical lesions posterior of the visual cortex .
as a result of this subtle calculated asymmetry viewing from north and south presents a complex multi - axial shape while the western facade , facing the kremlin , appears properly symmetrical and monolithic .
mutation in nav1.7 may result in primary erythromelalgia ( pe ) , an autosomal dominant , inherited disorder which is characterized by attacks or episodes of symmetrical burning pain of the feet , lower legs , and sometimes hands , elevated skin temperature of affected areas , and reddened extremities .
in fact it was a symmetrical double courtyard brick house of three storeys , with four - storey corner turrets .
the radially symmetrical ( actinomorphic ) flowers are always perfect and have five parts ( the exceptions to this rule are the four - petaled " d. pygmaea " and the eight to twelve - petaled " d. heterophylla " ) .
it has a baroque facade blasonada , vain symmetrical grids forge typical inner courtyard and spanish .
in order to make his cranium appear more symmetrical , he decided to get a tattoo that gave the illusion of a hairy scalp .
the interior is not symmetrical : the driver 's seat is slightly larger than the front passenger seat .
this produces a symmetrical electric field around its body .
unique to this dance is a series of two symmetrical steps where they literally leap high into the air together but leaning forward with their inside leg bent as they plunge back to the ground , putting their outside leg straight out behind them .
studying further , it was seen that with this form symmetrical about two axes , the cruciform skyscraper does not receive sunlight on its north facades .
unprepared to deal with the complexity of life and the passing of time , the probe - monitor upon coming in contact with the multiverse itself was instantly split into two symmetrical , opposite beings : the monitor , embodying the positive matter and the " goodness " , and the anti - monitor , embodying the anti - matter and " evil " .
the composition is a symmetrical grouping centred in a classical way in front of an ancient greek temple - its catalogue entry at the time of its first exhibition describes it as " homer receiving homage from all the great men of greece , rome and modern times .
mount fuji 's exceptionally symmetrical cone is a well - known symbol of japan and it is frequently depicted in art and photographs , as well as visited by sightseers and climbers .
contrary to most present - day cuckoo clocks , his case features light , unstained wood and were decorated with symmetrical , flat fretwork ornaments .
porotic hyperostosis is known by several names , such as cribra crani , hyperostosis spongiosa , and symmetrical osteoprosis .
convection around the eye continued become more symmetrical , though the national hurricane center had stated that hernan had most likely reached its peak intensity or was very close to doing so .
symmetrical rows of houses , which still form the townscape now , were built , and along the obergasse ( upper lane ) appeared representative buildings .
earlier architects had used these formulas for balancing a single symmetrical facade ; however , palladio 's designs related to the whole , usually square , villa .
in this layout , the headstocks are commonly symmetrical .
( separately it was shown that large spherically - symmetrical masses attract and are attracted as if all their mass were concentrated at their centers . )
the fiador knot ( also theodore knot ) is a decorative , symmetrical knot that is used in equine applications to create such useful items as rope halters , hobbles , and components of the " fiador " on some hackamore designs .
there are several tricks for making a character connect better with the audience ; for likable characters a symmetrical or particularly baby - like face tends to be effective .
the newer structure containing the two symmetrical shrines have different plans .
it has a symmetrical plan with a tower at the west end , a nave of 3½ bays , north and south aisles , north and south two - bay chapels , and a three - bay chancel with sanctuary .
two grand persepolitan stairways were built , symmetrical to each other and connected to the stone foundations .
the telescope is unusual in that the mirror is not a symmetrical dish , but is a section of a much larger parabolic figure with the receiver where the prime focus of the entire mirror would be .
the complex remains largely unexposed , but it seems , according to yvon thébert , that it has a symmetrical design , of which only a section of the cold rooms has been excavated .
most houses are symmetrical with the entrance door occupying the place of honour .
hence , the hasse diagram of a self - dual polytope must be symmetrical about the horizontal axis half - way between the top and bottom .
they are symmetrical as well , which distributes force equally along both borders of the webbing ; this increases the efficiency of the water opossum 's movement through the water .
these parasitic flatworms are dorso - ventrally flattened animals characterized by a bilaterally symmetrical body enclosed within a syncytial tegument .
it is a random stone ashlar masonry structure built about 1855 and consisting of a three - story , symmetrical italianate main block , with a contemporary two - story , " t "- shaped service wing .
people with athlete ’s heart do not exhibit an abnormally enlarged septum , and the growth of heart muscle at the septum and free ventricular wall is symmetrical .
located in a steep limestone crag , the cave entrance , a symmetrical arch 7.5 metres wide and 10 metres high , is prominently visible from the valley bottom , around 80 metres ( 260 feet ) below .
it is more symmetrical and places the figures more centrally ; previous triptychs typically positioned the figures in the outer panels slightly towards the edge .
" s " mountain is a large , rocky , nearly symmetrical hill in the sunnyslope section of phoenix , arizona .
the goals of each system create a symmetrical , mutual need or contingency with the other .
under such influences he came more and more to embrace the ideal of artistic ' realism ' and all that it entailed , whether this concerned the responsibility to depict life ' as it is truly lived ' ; the preoccupation with the lower strata of society ; or the rejection of repeating , symmetrical musical forms as insufficiently true to the unrepeating , unpredictable course of ' real life ' .
a symmetrical rounded form of the diagram with one vertex up and two down was apparently popularized in the modern period by the audsleys ' " handbook of christian symbolism " ; this rounded form also occurs with one vertex down and two up .
in this symmetrical representation ( also referred to as " loedel diagram " , named after the physicist enrique loedel palumbo who first introduced this symmetrised minkowski representation ) , the coordinate systems of both observers are equivalent , since both observers are traveling at the same speed in opposite directions , relative to some third point of view .
brown above , with more or less distinct darker cross - lines ; head with dark symmetrical transverse markings , which are usually connected by a median longitudinal streak .
the cammed ramps are not necessarily symmetrical .
the structure is a low posted , cape cod style dwelling , near symmetrical designed front façade .
very deep , symmetrical convection developed over the poorly defined center of circulation while banding features began to form , although ill - defined outflow and land interaction with the baja california peninsula initially prevented further strengthening .
note however that for an antitone galois connection , it does not make sense to talk about the lower and upper adjoint : the situation is completely symmetrical .
the main front of the house is symmetrical , with a central pedimented break - front .
the flowers are actinomorphic ( radially symmetrical ) and not showy , as these plants are pollinated by the wind .
hüttenberger argued that democracy is a form of " symmetrical " rule , and therefore merely being an opposition party under a democracy does not qualify as resistance .
the satellite is similar in shape to a symmetrical 72 faced polyhedron , had a mass of 173 kg ( 381 lb ) , and had a diameter of approximately one meter ( 39 in ) .
most radially symmetric animals are symmetrical about an axis extending from the center of the oral surface , which contains the mouth , to the center of the opposite , or aboral , end .
the stepped tank is fashioned with finished chlorite schist slabs arranged in a symmetrical formation with steps and landings descending to the water on all four sides .
. radiating outwards are twelve oval shaped groups of roman cypresses and six groups of monterey pines ( pinus radiata ) reinforcing the symmetrical nature of the design .
the flowers of " glechoma " are bilaterally symmetrical , funnel shaped , blue or bluish - violet to lavender , and grow in opposed clusters of 2 or 3 flowers in the leaf axils on the upper part of the stem or near the tip .
the symmetrical facade is divided into three sections with the center portion protruding slightly .
it consists of four monothematic movements and has a perfectly symmetrical structure : music slowly emerges from silence ( 1st movement - a passacaglia ) and builds towards a fast climax ( 2nd - a scherzo and moto perpetuo ) , keeps its momentum ( 3rd - " a continuous melodic line the never goes back on itself " ) , and finally slowly fades out ( 4th - a theme and variations ) .
it was the first symmetrical influence machine , with identical structures for both terminals .
thus the garden , when viewed from the grand canal , is divided in two symmetrical parts centred around a hercule 's nymph fountain .
it has a symmetrical , two story , three bay , cruciform plan with low intersecting gable roofs in the italianate style .
it has the reputation of giving immediate equality to black , due to the symmetrical pawn structure .
when the new part of the château was completed , the chapel was situated in the " grand apartment de la reine " and formed the symmetrical pendant with the " salon de diane " in the " grand appartement du roi " .
the two keeper ’s houses have been returned to their original symmetrical layout and they sleep 4 - 6 people in each .
the three sides of the building ( northern , southern and western ) are symmetrical , accurately identical , and all equal in length .
master valentim planned a park in the french formal garden style , in the shape of an irregular hexagon , using straight pathways arranged in a geometrical and symmetrical form .
because of its great thickness , much of the mass of pooled lava cooled slowly and evenly , which is why the columns are so long and so symmetrical .
it consists of two symmetrical parts , united along the median line by a tendinous raphé .
in 1840 , the house was extended , possibly to designs by thomas hamilton , the symmetrical additions including a ballroom .
" protarchaeopteryx " had symmetrical feathers on its arms .
the original mki model was superseded by the mkii model ( which had a symmetrical windscreen ) in 1981/1982 , although production of the original mki continued for london transport until 1985 .
the enciphering/ deciphering equipment was called a " geheimschreiber " ( secret writer ) which , like enigma , used a symmetrical substitution alphabet .
" stylidium " flowers are zygomorphic , which means they are only symmetrical in one plane .
no trace is now visible , but a second garden is shown on 18th century maps of the area , and would have been consistent with bruce 's symmetrical layout .
the compensator has two symmetrical ports at the muzzle end of the device placed at a 90° angle in relation to each other .
the work took twelve years to complete and included a complete remodelling of the upper ward ( " b " ) , private apartments ( " d " ) , round tower ( " a " ) , and the exterior facade of the south wing ( " e " ) which gave the castle its near symmetrical facade seen from the long walk .
the behaviors of the parties involved elicit similar or symmetrical behaviors from the other parties .
if these burrows are biogenic ( made by organisms ) they imply the presence of motile organisms with heads , which would probably have been bilaterans ( bilaterally symmetrical animals ) .
due to its highly symmetrical structure petn is resistant to attack by many chemical reagents ; it does not hydrolyze in water at room temperature or in weaker alkaline aqueous solutions .
the original structure is rectangular in form and the front faćade is near symmetrical with an exterior 7 ' x 4 ' sliding track - and - wheels door .
birds with such bands are highly prized , especially if the band is clear , sharp and symmetrical , and the feature is now quite common and distinctive due to selective breeding .
this theme continues with lots of fluorescent paint , props and lighting as well as kaleidoscopically - symmetrical patterns .
a symmetrical composition in ashlar , rusticated quoins , with square , groups of rusticated chimney shafts ; the north and south elevations are identical , three dormers , casements under pediments , the centre one semi - circular .
the piping of the meringue and the subsequent baking process require patience and careful attention to detail or the cake will not be symmetrical .
the cartesian equation to the curve is y = x cot 2a ' which shows that the curve is symmetrical about the axis of y , and that it consists of a central portion flanked by infinite branches .
the flowers are produced solitary or in pairs from leaf axil , usually radially symmetrical , sepals 5 , petals 5 , usually white , blue or purple in color .
these new features have included building a multi - tiered concourse beyond center field , adjusting the fences to make the outfield less symmetrical and , most significantly , the removal of 6,600 seats at the top of the upper deck .
the center - door " georgian " type ( double - pile , side - gable roof , symmetrical massing ) was built here between the 1850s and 1940s , with most examples ranging from four to five bays in width .
the design of this new model included innovative features to help minimise export costs , such as a symmetrical centre console that houses a flush - fitting hand brake lever to facilitate its conversion to left - hand drive .
wheeler hall 's five floors and symmetrical design makes it an ideal setting for the sport .
female chauvinism " is a less commonly used term used to describe the symmetrical attitude that women are superior to men .
usually symmetrical objects are made , such as snowflakes , pentagrams , or orchid blossoms .
its leaves grow in symmetrical pairs and are connected to the stem by a thin petiole .
the proof for the fact that no co - np - complete problem can be in np is symmetrical .
it will be apprciated that a city region need not have a symmetrical shape , and that is especially true in coastal or lakeside situations ( consider for instance oslo , southampton or chicago ) .
some basic elements are obvious : each symbol is paired with an " upside - down " neighbor , except for 1 , 27 , 29 , and 61 which are " vertically " symmetrical and paired with " inversed " neighbors .
characters were typically disnged symmetrical so the animation cells could be easily flipped over and used in reverse , saving on production time and money .
later type m blades are typically larger overall , with a more symmetrical toe and heel .
symmetrical openings .
wittkower distinguished two types , one symmetrical in profile that inverted one bulbous vase - shape over another , separating them with a cushionlike torus or a concave ring , and the other a simple vase shape , whose employment by michelangelo at the campidoglio steps ( ca 1546 ) , noted by wittkower , was preceded by very early vasiform balusters in a balustrade round the drum of santa maria delle grazie ( ca 1482 ) , and railings in the cathedrals of aquileia ( ca 1495 ) and parma , in the cortile of san damaso , vatican , and antonio da sangallos crowning balustrade on the santa casa at loreto , finally installed in 1535 . , and liberally in his model for the basilica of saint peter
a ' light ' symmetrical wing - clip will allow a bird to fly down and land safely while indoors .
further on , the park passes into an avenue of lime trees with symmetrical canals running along both sides of the path , lined with a few varieties of rhododendrons .
“ the styles , axial and symmetrical planning , ostentatious decoration- all this rhetoric has been discarded to make way for simple statement .
an isolation transformer is a transformer , often with symmetrical windings , which is used to decouple two circuits .
a computer analysed photographs of the participants and picked out the most symmetrical faces .
while parallel , the dispositions of the armies were not symmetrical , as the serbian center had a broader front than the ottoman center .
the text is of two symmetrical documents in irish and latin respectively , containing many fanciful genealogical links between the burkes and charlemange , the kings of jerusalem , france and england .
next , us 29 encounters md 32 at a symmetrical cloverleaf ; for an extended period this interchange marked the southern end of us 29 's grade separation , with the entire route south of there being an at - grade expressway .
while the palace 's styles are an accident of fate , a unity exists due to the use of pink bricks and a symmetrical , albeit vague , balancing of successive low wings .
regardless , bartók does n’t follow any form of serialism , instead dividing the semitone scale into symmetrical units , with tonal centers being based on “ axes of symmetry ” .
the device is electrically symmetrical , and generates continuous current .
the synagogue also had two smaller symmetrical decorative domes atop its side halls .
this carpet is 283 by 200 cm ( approximately 9.3 by 6.5 ft ) and has 36 symmetrical knots per cm² ( 232 per inch² ) ..
for kant , the symmetrical analogues of empirical examples are the " a priori " schemata .
william examined the forms of crystalline structures , and deduced that there were only 230 forms of symmetrical crystal arrangements , known as space groups .
this is a circular , symmetrical formation with an interior floor that is about half the diameter of the outer rim .
often these buildings had symmetrical towers which hint at the evolution from medieval fortified architecture .
he uses simple paired strokes to create images that play with asymmetry within a basically symmetrical design , creating his emblematic doubled or mirrored image ..
if the first bombing is discounted , and to some it was not the work of the group , then this groups actions have a symmetrical irony .
ill bell appears from some directions to be a perfectly symmetrical bell - shaped peak , and ' hill bell ' is one possible derivation of the name , quoted by alfred wainwright .
the hill , part of cromer ridge , was once two symmetrical round flat - topped hills in the shape of giant molehills , geological features known as kames .
the frontage has a symmetrical arrangement , with two wings flanking the central porch that carries the projecting part of the verandah .
the plans of renaissance buildings have a square , symmetrical appearance in which proportions are usually based on a module .
the flowers are bilaterally symmetrical with 5 united petals , 5 united sepals .
it is a bowl - shaped , symmetrical crater with a relatively high - albedo rim .
he was known for both his heavily muscled , symmetrical physique and his skills on the posing dais .
these were arranged in symmetrical pairs along the length of the barrel , angled to project their thrust against the base of the projectile after it passed .
clutton 's joints is a term describing the finding of symmetrical joint swelling seen in patients with congenital syphilis .
before it flew there , the outer endplate fins had been significantly modified from he blunt bottomed form of the aerovan to a much deeper , symmetrical and near elliptical form .
the front facade has a symmetrical facade of three broad bays and one additional small bay at the southern end .
symmetry is also an important consideration in the formation of scales and chords , traditional or tonal music being made up of non - symmetrical groups of pitches , such as the diatonic scale or the major chord .
its oversquare and symmetrical design , which sported an bore and stroke , gave the high - revving engine an output of 220 bhp ( 164 kw ) at 6200 rpm and 200 ft·lb of torque ( 271 nm ) at 4800 rpm at the flywheel , and the added luxury of being able to be used in rear - drive applications .
however , because the molecule is symmetrical , it does not matter " which " of the oxygens forms the double bond .
it was originally built to a u - shaped plan , with a symmetrical layout comprising a rectangular main body about long , two short wings projecting to north , and spiral staircases rising up both interior angles .
the knights ' modern successor , the " sovereign military hospitaller order of st. john of jerusalem of rhodes and of malta " ( smom ) , has a flag consisting of a white maltese cross on a red background and another flag consisting of a white symmetrical cross on a red field with the cross having a width of 1/5 the height of the flag - similar to the flag of england , colors reversed .
the general form this architecture took was of severely symmetrical , often rectangular houses , with a pediment over the central bays .
an exception is fuel , which may be loaded into the wings , but since fuel loads are usually symmetrical about the axis of the aircraft , lateral balance is not usually affected .
the eruption 's relatively brief length is thought to explain why the cone today is so symmetrical .
it is a symmetrical image , with one large mountain in its center and others to each side .
the coffee pot ’s clean classic design with its symmetrical
a regular polyhedron is highly symmetrical , being all of edge - transitive , vertex - transitive and face - transitive - i.e. it is transitive on its flags .
the accuracy of a spirit level can be checked by placing it on any flat surface , marking the bubble 's position and rotating the level 180°. the position of the bubble should then be symmetrical to the first reading .
a stimulus ' peak effectiveness is at the center of the pupil ( for the normal eye ) and falls in effectiveness in a symmetrical pattern .
the " yoku " are usually symmetrical but the manji design developed by taira shinken employs oppositely - facing " yoku " in an approximation to the manji ( the japanese term for the buddhist symbol , the swastika ) from which it takes its name .
the onset of paralysis ( hypertonic paraparesis ) is sudden and symmetrical and the resulting disability is permanent , but does not progress .
the english opening ( 1.c4 ) also frequently transposes into a d4 opening , but it can take on independent character as well including the symmetrical variation ( 1.c4 c5 ) and the reversed sicilian ( 1.c4 e5 ) .
the symmetrical nature of the surviving main facade makes it a great departure from the usual ad - hoc nature which preceded it , and indeed continued up until the mid - seventeenth century .
additionally , both his claws are the same size , the reason for this being to make his character symmetrical so animation cells could be flipped over without his large claw constantly switching sides .
the thalamus ( from greek " θάλαμος " = " room , chamber " ) is a midline paired symmetrical structure within the brains of vertebrates , including humans .
the theatre was designed as a symmetrical pair with the carlton hotel and restaurant on the adjacent site , now occupied by new zealand house .
most official rooms have a symmetrical design with niches on the walls may corrospondend to windows or doors on opposite walls .
the symmetrical facade features evenly spaced ionic pilasters and terraces with stone balusters .
the blocks ' arrangements are very symmetrical .
hummingbird flight is different from other bird flight in that the wing is extended throughout the whole stroke , the stroke being a symmetrical figure of eight , with the wing producing lift on both the up- and down - stroke .
