though lora sympathized with the international committee of the fourth international , his faction of the por did not affiliate with any international group during a long time .
in august 1922 during the course of an internal political struggle between dr. friedrich weber 's faction , which sympathized with the nazis , and that of the original leaders , horadam and römer , which were more left - leaning , römer was accused of embezzling oberland funds to aid his friend graf and the kpd .
the weekly magazine " de amsterdammer " ( " the amsterdammer " ) sympathized with the party however .
in 1546 german protestants united in the schmalkaldic league to wage war against the holy roman emperor , charles v. whereas ferdinand wanted to aid his brother , the hussite and pro - protestant czech nobility sympathized with the german protestant princes .
while palestrina sympathized with many of the council 's decisions , and , like vincenzo ruffo , sought deliberately to compose in a simplified , easily - understood style to please church officials , there is no evidence to support either the view that the council sought to banish polyphony entirely or that palestrina 's mass was the deciding factor in changing their minds .
it also showed how effective newspapers were at relaying information across the country as many iranians sympathized for those in quchan and would join the cause in protesting for a constitutional government .
kurt baron von schroeder ( often simply referred to in the literature of the third reich as kurt von schroeder ) was a banker in cologne , germany who sympathized with the nazi party ( nsdap ) and who hosted a notorious meeting between franz von papen and hitler that facilitated hitler 's assumption of the chancellorship .
kaufmann also sympathized with nietzsche 's acerbic criticisms of christianity .
one chicagoland radio announcer who sympathized with grizzard said that grizzard had been pronounced " guilty by geography " .
however , popular outcry on the comic 's message boards convinced her that dave was not the boring , unsympathetic character she had thought , but in fact the character with whom many of the ' boardies ' most sympathized .
rev. akuila yabaki of the citizens constitutional forum said on 14 march that while he sympathized with the military 's reasons for opposing government policies , it was unacceptable in a democracy for the military to intervene in the electoral process and that such interference must be stopped .
thaxton was running for county treasurer that year , and as a former miner he sympathized with the strikers .
a man of liberal views who sympathized with the slavophile cause , milyutin helped reform the municipal administration in st petersburg , moscow , and odessa during the 1840s .
a mutual interest in scientific matters cemented a solid working relationship with benjamin franklin , and williamson soon found himself joined with the famous american scientist and others in appealing for support among those englishmen who , in opposition to their own government , sympathized with american claims .
once in america she sympathized with the america first committee which opposed america 's entry into world war ii .
michael schroeder seems to have sympathized with he democratic cause .
in africa , aids is a disease that is primarily transmitted heterosexually , and helms sympathized with bono 's description of ' the pain it is bringing to infants and children and their families ' .
he was torn within himself : he sympathized with the muslim population , yet was unable to forgo his ties to the french .
germans compared the unification of yugoslavia to that of germany in the late nineteenth century , considered serbs as kindred peoples ( as descendants of the germanic goths who dwelt in the balkans in late antiquity ) , they admired the accomplishments of serbia 's medieval emperor dushan , and had often sympathized with their struggle against the ottoman empire .
the government arrested not just the leaders of the movement , but masses of poor farmers , students , professionals , sympathizers of the fasci , and even those simply suspected of having sympathized with the movement at some point in time , progressive democrats , anti - monarchists , republicans and anarchists , in many cases without any evidential justification for the accusations of criminality .
severus also fully sympathized with the action of st. martin touching priscillianism .
the jewish virtual library writes that while juan perón had sympathized with the axis powers , " perón also expressed sympathy for jewish rights and established diplomatic relations with israel in 1949 .
in 1460s , lord arvid sympathized and somewhat supported king charles viii of sweden and thus opposition against nordic union .
but since most of the local inhabitants were miners or sympathized with them , the state had little chance of obtaining convictions .
ex convicts , rapists , smugglers , they were very close to the definition of an anti - hero , offbeat heroes covered in filth with whom the viewer easily sympathized , facing abhorrent enemies , or worse , themselves ; it can be argued that , perhaps unintentionally , his plots , motifs and characters bear a strong resemblance to those found in works of transgressive fiction .
although höger sympathized with national socialism ( nazism ) , his expressionistic style did not meet hitler 's taste .
further concerned with the apparent demoralization of federal rank and file soldiers ( many of whom had been forcibly conscripted and actually sympathized with the revolutionaries ) , the troops in ciudad chihuahua decided to stay put .
japan women 's school of higher education ( 日本女子高等学院 , " nihon joshi kōtō gakuin " ) , the predecessor of this university , was established by poet enkichi hitomi ( pseudonym : tōmei hitomi ) , who gathered together his intelligentsia friends that sympathized with the minds of those fashionable idols at the time , notably leo tolstoy , rabindranath tagore and johann wolfgang von goethe .
although he initially sympathized with the dictatorship ( he wrote in 1940 that it was " in the general interest " ) , his support only lasted a few months .
initially , he secretly sympathized with the rebels but ultimately he put himself openly as their head and bessieged the citadel , where muzaffar shah shut himself with a few thousand soldiers .
in march 1941 , in oran , captain jobelot introduced henri d'astier de la vigerie to him , an officer at the second bureau of the armistice army , with whom he immediately sympathized .
the ael claimed that belgian police were engaging in a racist " manhunt " of the city 's moroccan youth and that many police officers sympathized with the political party vlaams blok .
the pittsburgh jewry strongly sympathized with the zionistic movement , having a large number of zionistic societies .
those britons who sympathized with the french revolution were known as " jacobins . "
kim 's education in contrast was limited to vocational high school , and many koreans sympathized with the many trials and tribulations that kim had endured previously .
lamb , who sympathized with the american revolution , refused to take the oath of allegiance .
betances sympathized with anarchists like angiolillo , and hated monarchists like cánovas , but this alone would not justify direct action from betances into taking cánovas ' life .
crossman sympathized with the puritan cause , and attended the 1661 savoy conference , which attempted to update the book of common prayer so that both puritans and anglicans could use it .
this left the country 's shiite population split between the members and supporters of the ba'ath party , and those who sympathized with the iranian position .
in this increasing conflict henry once again wanted to remain neutral , although he most likely sympathized with the aims of the junior dukes .
shaftesbury , who sympathized with the protestant non - conformists , briefly agreed to work with the duke of york , who opposed enforcing the penal laws against catholic recusants .
like his father , brooke sympathized with the anti - marian nobles ; he sided with the rebels during wyatt 's rebellion , and the intervention of his brother - in - law , henry nevill was needed to keep him from prison .
" never adopting marxist or radical notions , demens sympathized with populist leaders . "
and when the plague had broken out among the people who had sympathized with the rebels , aaron , at the command of moses , took his censer and stood between the living and the dead till the plague was stayed ( numbers 17:1 - 15 , 16:36 - 50 ) .
local residents sympathized with the " white indians " or jailed settlers and conspired to rescue them from the augusta jail where they were being kept .
these and others who sympathized with them departed and formed their own general assembly meeting in another church building nearby , setting the stage for a court dispute about which of the two general assemblies constituted the true continuing presbyterian church .
panaitescu had been found guilty of sedition , for having joined mihai stere dedena and others in organizing a dissident marxist circle , which sympathized with the hungarian revolution of 1956 and stood behind the bucharest student protest .
roughly speaking , there were at this period only three parties in the church : the nicene party , who sympathized for the most part with athanasius and his supporters ; the eusebian or court party and their semi - arian followers ; and , last of all , the anomoean party which owed its origin to aetius .
" foster himself supported the north during the american civil war and sympathized with african - americans .
how far hogarth sympathized with pope is questionable .
leulliot , who had been manager of the french team that won the tour in 1937 , had become head of sport at " la france socialiste " which , despite its name , was a right - wing paper that sympathized with the germans .
the modern israeli hebrew verb , ' he sympathized ' אהד is unrelated to the biblical name ehud .
as the topass forces fought back , lots of timorese refugees headed for kupang and the dutch , who sympathized with the rebels .
in describing them , the german countryside , and her soon - to - be destroyed hometown mainz , seghers gives the reader a strong sense of lost innocence and the senseless injustices of war , from which there proves to be no escape , whether or not you sympathized with the nazi party .
the soviet union sympathized with the bangladeshis , and supported the indian army and mukti bahini during the war , recognizing that the independence of bangladesh would weaken the position of its rivals — the united states and china .
the change in the focus of the gallery led to a coalescence of group of intellectuals and artists who both sympathized with stieglitz ’s aims and who themselves were invigorated by the atmosphere there .
dowager cixi used boxers to fight westerners largely because western countries sympathized with the guangxu emperor , who had been on house arrest after an aborted reformation .
the government arrested not just the leaders of the movement , but masses of poor farmers , students , professionals , sympathizers of the fasci , and even those simply suspected of having sympathized with the movement at some point in time , progressive democrats , anti - monarchists , republicans and anarchists , in many cases without any evidential justification for the accusation of criminality .
in power , castro sided with the ussr in the 1961 sino - soviet split , while guevara sympathized with the people 's republic of china .
trudeau had once sympathized with marxists and had spent time in the democratic socialist cooperative commonwealth federation , and many of his fans were attracted to his socially liberal stances ( he legalized homosexuality and created more flexible divorce laws as justice minister under lester b. pearson ) .
even though he was a spaniard , ybor sympathized with the cuban cause and was accused ( correctly ) with providing funds to cuban rebels .
the production of the record was preceded by the deaths of many of smith 's close friends and peers , including her husband fred " sonic " smith , her brother todd , robert mapplethorpe , richard sohl , and kurt cobain with whom smith had sympathized .
lastman sympathized that provincial downloading had burdened toronto , but also criticized miller 's service cuts as hurting the quality of life while not going far enough to solve the shortfall .
during the french revolution , the queen actually sympathized with the french rebels until the french monarchy was abolished on 21 september 1792 .
dzerzhinsky sympathized with stalin and ordzhonikidze and , hence , tried to give lenin a significantly smoothened picture of their activities in his report .
the reformist theologian and associate of luther , philipp melanchthon , who was powerless against the enthusiasts with whom his co - reformer andreas karlstadt sympathized , appealed to luther , who was still hiding in the wartburg .
juel completely sympathized with griffenfeld 's scandinavian policy , which aimed at weakening sweden sufficiently to re - establish something like an equilibrium between the two states .
though he claimed to have surrendered to superior force , he had previously sympathized with wyatt 's cause , and he was briefly imprisoned for his role in the affair .
since local authorities were responsible for the execution of the law of hostages it was not always effective since local authorities often sympathized with those it was intended to be used against or they refrained because they did not want to cause strife in their community .
she sympathized with the partisans , and while she was a refugee in switzerland , smuggled weapons , money and food for them .
the king had few friends among the polish szlachta , as he openly sympathized with austria and showed disregard and contempt for polish culture ( sarmatism ) .
although many sympathized with james parker and the parker family for their loss , and some , including sam houston , donated money , ( houston paid the ransom for kellog ) , no official of the republic of texas supported a full scale military expedition to recover the lost ones .
st. louis and its surrounding counties generally sympathized with the northern states because that region was connected economically with north .
aventinus remained a catholic throughout his life , even though he sympathized with aspects of the protestant reform .
they urged the dob to join the organization as well , but a previous rule precluding the dob from joining separate organizations ( set in place primarily to ensure it would not join organizations that sympathized with communist aims ) precluded it from doing so .
she 's also resolutely resentful of the world , claiming she will never forsake her path of destruction , war game or not ; and refuses to decline herself to be sympathized by opponents .
the empress sympathized deeply with him and alexander found her supportive when he lost his beloved natural daughter , sophia .
this position , previously held by wilhelm furtwängler , was within a nazi - sponsored organization , although the extent to which graener sympathized with nazi ideals is a subject of debate .
this kept them alied with free religious communities and those who sympathized with women 's clubs , such as in schweinfurt .
a project to halt the research was codenamed " project safehaven " , and it was not initially targeted against the soviet union ; rather the concern was that german scientists might emigrate and continue their research in countries such as spain , argentina or egypt , all of which had sympathized with nazi germany .
he denied his own bands involvement and sympathized with clark , instead casting suspicion towards tecumseh 's brother the prophet , however he replied that he did not have the power to " enforce his sole will against so many " .
in the 1950s , barth sympathized with the peace movement and opposed german rearmament .
in 1856 , with the assistance of the philanthropist sampson simson and wealthy sephardi jews who sympathized with the traditionalism of the congregation 's members , the congregation purchased a welsh chapel on allen street .
a young ob / gyn , cavanero often sympathized with many of the residents , having completed her own residency not long before .
he was dismissed from the job , however , once embassy officials discovered that he sympathized with the anarchists .
the public sympathized with her .
like many other delegates , broom was unable to attend the sessions of the short meeting , but he likely sympathized with the convention 's call for political reforms .
like so many young people of his generation , he sympathized with the 1959 cuban revolution .
in china , the claim that mao had " adapted marxism – leninism to chinese conditions " evolved into the idea that he had updated it in a fundamental way applying to the world as a whole ; consequently , the term " marxism – leninism – mao zedong thought " ( commonly known as maoism ) was increasingly used to describe the official chinese state ideology as well as the ideological basis of parties around the world who sympathized with the communist party of china ( such as the mao zedong thought , founded by jose maria sison in 1968 ) .
profeminist writers sympathized with the mythopoets’ claims that the economic and social isolation of modern american men affects the contemporary concept of masculinity .
on the death of arminius shortly after this time , konrad vorstius ( 1569 - 1622 ) , who sympathized with his views , was appointed to succeed him , in spite of the keen opposition of gomarus and his friends ; and gomarus took his defeat so ill that he resigned his post , and went to middleburg in 1611 , where he became preacher at the reformed church , and taught theology and hebrew in the newly founded illustre schule .
the jewish virtual library writes that while juan perón had sympathized with the axis powers , " perón also expressed sympathy for jewish rights and established diplomatic relations with israel in 1949 .
minsky , like the majority of intellectuals , sympathized with the revolution and social democracy .
on may 22 , 1856 , congressman preston brooks of south carolina viciously assaulted senator charles sumner of massachusetts in the senate chamber with his metal - tipped cane ; three days previously , sumner had delivered a vituperative oratory criticizing president franklin pierce and southerners who sympathized with the pro - slavery violence in kansas ( bleeding kansas ) .
when a certain chinese scholar wang yiyuan sympathized with choe and his party 's plight and served him tea , he asked choe if the koreans revered the buddha as the chinese did .
many russians sympathized with those they considered to be their fellow slavs and orthodox christians and sent volunteer soldiers and aid to assist the kingdom of serbia .
agnes revealed the plan to palacios who had told her earlier that he sympathized with the emperor while they were in her parlor .
he sympathized with scully 's desire to have a child , because he and tara had not been able to become parents for years until the time of the episode .
his position in this stronghold of catholicity soon became untenable , as he , like so many orthodox minds of the time who openly sympathized with the reforming activities of martin luther , was suspected of being a confirmed lutheran .
( other new army units that sympathized with the revolutionaries ' cause condoned these actions later . ) wu zhaolin and xiong binkun led the rebels and attacked the viceroy 's office , and with the assistance of the south lake artillery , the revolutionaries captured the office before the morning of the next day .
the jewish virtual library writes that while juan perón had sympathized with the axis powers , " perón also expressed sympathy for jewish rights and established diplomatic relations with israel in 1949 .
for a while navarra sympathized with the sicilian separatist movement , but he soon joined the christian democrat party in 1948 .
they focused on the ugly realities of contemporary life and sympathized with working - class people , particularly the poor .
although masamune was a patron of the arts and sympathized with foreign causes , he was also an aggressive and ambitious daimyo .
i have witnesses the tears of the mother in parting with her son , or her daughter , when they took up the travel for oregon , which was said by gentlement to be a route so impracticable and so full of dangers ; and i have sympathized in the feelings of the aged father , when he has seen his children depart for the country where they were to find a home on the borders of the pacific .
spielberg also wanted to create a film that sympathized with a crook ( in this case frank abagnale ) .
colonel georg ( yrjö ) elfvengren ( 1889 , hamina – 1927 ) was a finnish officer of the russian imperial guard during the first world war and a noted commander of the finnish civil war and heimosodat , who sympathized with the russian white movement and fought against finnish and russian red guards on the karelian isthmus on both sides of the finland - russia border .
the state experienced political strife when governor oliver p. morton suppressed the democratic party - controlled general assembly , which largely sympathized with the confederacy , leaving the state without the authority to collect taxes .
a group formed of people who sympathized with right wing tory policy but were trade unionists .
the greater number ( though by no means all ) of the catholic aristocracy , who in those days were the practical supporters of religion , sympathized with them and , in a modified degree , some of the clergy , especially in london .
in the uk , during the late 1920s and 1930s , there were some individuals and political groups that sympathized with fascism .
on the outbreak of the dano - prussian war of 1848 - 1849 , sweden sympathized warmly with denmark .
still , as a young adult reading hitler 's mein kampf , she sympathized with , and felt excited by , the pro - german sentiment , while glossing over the anti - semitism .
a total of 42 soldiers from the counter revolutionary warfare unit , who sympathized with george speight , whose own civilian coup d'état had been put down by the military in july , were subsequently convicted of involvement in the mutiny .
the puerto rican affiliates to the party viewed estrada 's leadership with great skepticism , since estrada sympathized with the idea of having the united states intervene in the cuban independence war to have the spanish evicted from cuba .
by the age of 18 , he was an enthusiastic supporter of the liberal current , and sympathized with its republican ideals .
the spanish captain general , gabino gaínza , sympathized with the rebels and it was decided that he should stay on as interim leader until a new government could be formed .
the fiskie was named after journalist robert fisk , in a blog post where johnson notes that , after having been captured and beaten by afghan refugees , fisk claimed he sympathized with them .
gonggil , who initially sympathized with the king , begs the tyrant to give him his freedom but his pleas fall on deaf ears .
in politics he ardently sympathized with the progressive tendencies of his time , and he was among the earliest and most effective of the political poets who prepared the way for the outbreak of 1848 .
he sympathized with montfort as with a friend of the church and an unjustly treated man ; but on the eve of the baronial revolution he was on friendly terms with the king .
he rapidly became a favourite with audiences , who both sympathized with and enjoyed laughing at his humorous sufferings .
king farouk and many egyptians at the time sympathized with nazi germany in the hope that an axis victory would put an end to the decades - old british occupation of egypt .
the " vancouver sun " , on the other hand , sympathized with the premier , arguing that his " personal difficulties should not have been aired publicly " .
the story revolves around chinna ( surya ) , a village youth who is sympathized for his looks but is lauded for selfless service to others .
in the early 1980s , several basotho who sympathized with the exiled bcp were threatened with death and attacked by the government of leabua jonathan .
after the central powers offensive ( " see romanian campaign " ) , he remained active in enemy - occupied bucharest , and kept contacts with social democratic party of germany with the help of german soldiers who sympathized with the latter .
every country of europe was invited , with the exceptions of spain ( a world war ii neutral that had sympathized with axis powers ) and the small states of andorra , san marino , monaco , and liechtenstein .
many fans sympathized with davis , and demanded that higashio be penalized as well for hitting so many batters .
in the matter of the meletian schism at antioch , damasus -- together with pope st. athanasius of alexandria and his successor , peter ii of alexandria -- sympathized with the party of paulinus as more sincerely representative of nicene orthodoxy ; on the death of meletius he sought to secure the succession for paulinus and to exclude flavian ( socrates , hist .
as an undergraduate he had sympathized with arnold in resenting the agitation led by the high church party in 1836 against the appointment of rd hampden to the regius professorship of divinity .
the antiwar riots divided the democratic party 's base , as some sympathized with the police and condemned the protestors , while some liberal democrats supported the protestors and were outraged by the actions of the chicago police .
she suggests this explains the low numbers of black women who participated in the feminist movement in the 1970s , pointing to louis harris ' virginia slims poll done in 1972 for philip morris that she says showed 62 percent of black women supported " efforts to change women 's status " and 67 percent " sympathized with the women 's rights movement " , compared with 45 and 35 percent of white women ( also steinem , 1972 ) .
they were of those who had sympathized with the king in his conflicts with the parliament — a series of conflicts which resulted in the overthrow and death of the king , and the establishment of cromwell in the protectorate .
the rebels managed to get inside the emperor 's palace as they were let in by eunuchs who sympathized with their cause .
as an alsatian , mahler sympathized with the population and denied the request , since the protesters were behaving peacefully and had committed no violations of the law .
he was forced to resign after a 1898 visit to south africa when he sympathized with the boers .
despite the fact that several leading academics , who sympathized with or even participated in the anti - soviet movement , eventually distanced themselves from the idea of an armed revolt and even denounced it in a special statement , the university was purged of unreliable elements and placed under the complete control of the communist party .
passions which " take their origins from a particular turn or habit of the imagination " are " little sympathized with " .
in japan , europe , and the u.s. , leftist student groups such as the japanese red army , the german red army faction , the italian red brigade , and the american weather underground sympathized with the third world and sought to spark anti - capitalist revolutions with bombings and assassinations .
bródy , a secular jew , sympathized with the liberal free democrats , while szörényi became increasingly nationalist and a religious christian .
his special target was the intelligentsia , but he also purged communist leaders who had sympathized with the opposition or who might have once leaned toward pan - turkism or had contacts with revolutionary movements in iran or turkey .
hearst sympathized with harry j. anslinger in his war against marijuana .
in 1782 , dashkova returned to the russian capital , and was at once taken into favor by the empress , who strongly sympathized with her in her literary tastes , and especially in her desire to elevate russian to a high place among the literary languages of europe .
he asked hitler for a public declaration that " recognized and sympathized with the arab struggles for independence and liberation , and that would support the elimination of a national jewish homeland " .
during the civil war , maryland was a border state , home to people who sympathized with both sides of the conflict .
he was a thorough calvinist , and entirely sympathized with the condemnation of the arminians .
hopkins was a strong supporter of the union unlike most of maryland 's populace who sympathized with and often supported the south and/or the confederacy .
the flashbacks also show his brief relationship with cathy ( metha yunatria ) , a popular student , and sabina ( sheila marcia ) , a beautiful but introverted girl who sympathized with him .
in silence and in tears , the assembly applauded the counsels , and sympathized with the repentance of their prince .
initially , first under indira gandhi and later under rajiv gandhi , the indian government sympathized with the tamil insurrection in sri lanka because of the strong support for the tamil cause within the indian state of tamil nadu .
in many respects i sympathize with them , and have always sympathized with them .
he sympathized with the soldiers fighting in the vietnam jungles which were similar to the jungle conditions he fought in at guadalcanal and bougainville island in the second world war .
in 684 , there had been a rebellion by li jingye the duke of ying against empress dowager wu 's rule , and while li jingye 's rebellion was quickly defeated , the chancellor pei yan was executed on suspicion that he sympathized with li jingye 's rebellion .
hyōga sympathized , and offered isaac his own left eye to compensate for the kraken 's misery .
ratzel sympathized with the results of " manifest destiny " , but he never used the term .
in 1837 , when many people in the united states had sympathized with canadian rebels , some canadian loyalists had captured the steamboat " caroline " from the american side of the niagara river .
although precedent called for the death penalty , many chinese sympathized with cui 's situation as a poor peasant coming to beijing to earn a living for his family , who lost his temper when his means of earning of living was being taken away from him .
kerkapoly met ferenc deák here , who already then sympathized with him and later attention and interest his orbit was accompanied by deák .
in secret , sabriego began organizing a group of settlers in the goliad area who sympathized with mexico .
his life during these years had been chiefly absorbed in his " history " , but he had warmly sympathized with the movement for political reform which was agitating england . ' the radicals ' of bath , ( forerunners of chartism ) , and many other cities and towns pressed him to enter parliament , and napier was actually invited to become tile military chief of a national guard to obtain reforms by force of arms .
it would have been very awkward for him to do so , as the boston brahmin peirces sympathized with the confederacy .
many of these punk performers had grown up on tv reruns of the series , and sympathized with the anti - industry , anti - establishment trend of their career .
it was said the he sympathized with the cause of the tories during the revolution .
in 1849 , after being editor for a whole year of a newspaper called " correio mercantil " ( " mercantile post " ) , he publishes in its pages his famous " libelo do povo " ( " people 's libel " ) ; by using timandro as pen name , torres homem criticized the imperial house of bragança for the mismanagement of brazil , provoking criticism against him by those who sympathized with the monarchy .
after welles broke from rko , del río sympathized with him , though her character ( a sexy leopard - woman ) in the film , was reduced .
as a result , papers were only issued after being carefully reviewed by the most scholarly members of the group ( and , on occasion , some who sympathized without actually joining ) .
a speech written by li in may 1989 criticizing the student protests and implicitly criticizing general secretary of the communist party of china zhao ziyang ( a reformer who sympathized with the demonstrators and was ultimately purged from power ) was passed on to mid - level party officials with instructions that it be studied and then passed down to local units . "
he understood and sympathized with the greek idea of the tragic fall , which he expressed movingly in the last stanza of his " hyperions schicksalslied " ( " hyperion 's song of destiny " ) .
after the second world war broke out the nsb sympathized with the germans , and advocated strict neutrality for the netherlands .
cavett said he sympathized more with mccarthy than hellman in the lawsuit , but " everybody lost " as a result of it .
however , there is no evidence to suggest that philips itself or its management ever sympathized with the nazis or their ideologies .
he left behind him many who sympathized with his position , and in the remaining part of the 19th century the united presbyterian church came fully to share the forward movement of thought of the other scottish churches .
by 1850 , graham was able to buy back his interest in " graham 's magazine " with the help of friends who sympathized with his financial woes .
he sympathized with the arrow cross party from the beginning , although although he ca n't joined it 's members ' row as it , because political parties ' members may not have been officer in the hungarian armies according to the sense of the valid provisions .
he went so far as to state , regarding the battle of valle giulia , which took place in rome in march 1968 , that he sympathized with the police , as they were " children of the poor " , while the young militants were exponents of what he called " left - wing fascism " .
she stated that she sympathized with her .
sweigert sympathized with the struggles in the later life of edwin armstrong and wanted to avoid a similar fate in his own life .
two years later he was transferred to the collège de france , and the " génie des religions " , published ( 1842 ) , he sympathized with all religions but did not favor one above all .
critic alfred bendixen sympathized when he wrote : " as " the whole family " developed , the plot increasingly focused on family misunderstandings and family rivalries , which were mirrored by the artistic rivalries of the authors .
while 75% of respondents were found to have little to no concern over the strike , nearly two - thirds of the sample sided with the writers , one third was unsure , and only four percent sympathized with the amptp ( 1,000 american adults participated ) .
the patriarch , who has always sympathized with the idea of constitutional monarchy , said , during his sunday service at the cathedral of the holy trinity , that the restoration of the royal dynasty was a " desirable dream of the georgian people " .
the rebellious serbians slew the jews at zenta who sympathized with hungary ; among them , rabbi israel ullmann and jacob münz , son of moses münz of óbuda the conduct of the jewish soldiers in the hungarian army was highly commended by generals klapka and görgey .
bruno was a person with whom west had long sympathized and even identified .
in many cases they sympathized strongly with the ideals of the allied powers but did not want to , or were to old to , participate in a combat role .
on 26 march 1943 israel left london for lisbon , portugal and spent the next two months investigating the situation of jews on the peninsula ; during wwii the fascist regimes in spain and portugal sympathized with nazi germany but refused to hand over jews to the germans .
mexico 's attitude gave immense moral comfort to the republic , especially since the major latin american governments — those of argentina , brazil , chile , and peru — sympathized more or less openly with the nationalists .
lord palmerston sympathized , or was supposed to sympathize , openly with the revolutionary party abroad .
membership in the bahá'í community is therefore open to lesbian and gay adherents , who are to be " advised and sympathized with " .
meanwhile , he concerned with the development of china ’s future and also sympathized those who suffered from the political turmoil .
in his public statements during the riots , civil rights activist and baptist minister jesse jackson sympathized with the anger experienced by african - americans regarding the verdicts in the king trial , and pointed to certain root causes of the disturbances .
others sympathized with holthouse 's motivations , if not his and his mother 's actions , and praised the publication for exposing the kind of anger and frustration felt by many victims of sexual abuse .
their leader , jake , could n't see himself abandoning david to certain infestation ; cassie was excited at the idea of expanding their forces ; tobias sympathized with david 's lack of anybody to turn to , having been in a similar situation himself ; and rachel simply went along with the decision without much consideration .
because the british sympathized with the rebellious slaves , they released the captives to freedom after several weeks ' imprisonment .
kirkpatrick sympathized with argentina 's president gen. leopoldo galtieri , whose military regime " disappeared " critics , a position on which she and reagan 's secretary of state alexander haig vehemently opposed each other and which upset margaret thatcher .
newman sympathized with his long - time friend , saying , " i 'm scared to death for him .
in the 1930s johnson sympathized with nazism , and expressed antisemitic ideas .
campbell distrusted monopolistic big business and sympathized with trade unions .
after world war ii broke out the nsb sympathized with the germans , but nevertheless advocated strict neutrality for the netherlands .
he made his return on october 18 , accompanied by yokozuna and yokozuna 's manager , mr. fuji , claiming that they sympathized with crush 's sense of betrayal by savage .
azraq was an outspoken critic of hegemonic rules and sympathized with a leftest vision in the struggle against the overhang of hegemonic and imperialist forces .
in " joan crawford : the essential biography " , author lawrence j. quirk explains that crawford appealed to gay men because they sympathized with her struggle for success ; in both the entertainment industry and in her personal life .
many also sympathized with the cause of swapo , a mostly ovambo organization fighting to liberate namibia from south african rule .
although he sympathized with the motives of the old catholics , he did not join them , believing that the only hope for a reform of the church lay with those who desired it remaining in her communion .
federal prosecutors said the 32-year - old sympathized with the enemy and admitted disclosing military intelligence .
the title al - afshin is also iranian and afshin is shown in the arab sources to have sympathized for ancient iranian customs and practices .
during her trial , japanese americans who sympathized with her family 's experience during world war ii gave $ 150,000 dollars to aid her legal defense through the wendy yoshimura fair trial committee .
as high priest , christ became one with humanity in human weakness , offered prayers to god , chose obedience through suffering , and sympathized with the struggles of humanity .
sectors of society were divided over the actions on june 28 and he sympathized with the resistance that called the removal a coup and other factors of society including the governmental branches said that it was a constitutional destitution from the presidency .
smith essentially sympathized with gentlemen ; he knew it was not their fault they were useless and that this trait was merely a product of the imposed standards of english society .
" during the early 1990s , rebengiuc sympathized with the opposition national liberals , and , without formalizing his affiliation , ran in elections for the senate in the 1990 suffrage .
" rebellion " stood for the confederates who tried to break the union in 1861 , and the copperheads in the north who sympathized with them .
kluge sympathized with the conspirators and at times seemed ready to act only to become indecisive at critical moments .
his mother the princess of wales sympathized with their predicament and approved the match .
agda had heard that he sympathized with the protestant religion , ( which she had perhaps heard about in the convent ) , and suggested that they should seek him up and appeal to him directly .
the youngs sympathized with the social democracy of the kingdom of poland and lithuania and believed that the priority should be cooperation with russian revolutionaries in toppling the tsardom and creating a socialist utopia first , and negotiation for independence would be easier later .
though as a liberal he sympathized with their political objectives , he objected to what he saw as slanders of his histrorical heroes .
she then said that , while she sympathized with the family , she knew from her own experience as a victim of crime that such people look for somebody else to blame .
bismarck , who had just been appointed prime minister in september 1862 and ruled without a parliamentary majority , was however criticized by the prussian public and liberal politicians like hans victor von unruh and heinrich von sybel , who sympathized with the poles .
john ii casimir had few friends among the polish szlachta , as he openly sympathized with austria and showed disregard and contempt for the commonwealth .
charles iv was seen as an absolutist king , and by standing against his father many spanish got the wrong understanding that ferdinand vii sympathized with the new enlighten ideas .
for example , he was capable of writing a preface to an italian biography of engelbert dollfuss in 1935 without mentioning that the austrian politician with whom he sympathized had been murdered by austrian nazis during a coup attempt in the previous year .
the film presented the story of andre stander , a rogue police captain who sympathized with the irrational state of apartheid and its corruption by becoming a bank thief .
he sympathized with reilly , whom he firmly believed to be innocent and to have been railroaded by the connecticut state police and the attorney general who had initially prosecuted the case .
they were set to be made chancellors , but when the powerful eunuchs , led by qiu shiliang , had linghu draft an edict to accuse wang and jia of treason , linghu did so — but wrote in empty language that showed that he sympathized with wang and jia .
it dealt with the scottish free church movement , with which mr and mrs wilson both sympathized , and had some success .
he became famous as a sociographic and fictive short - story writer ( in his early times , he identificated himself as radical leftist , e.g. he sympathized with illegal communist movement ) .
there was no violence , as lorry drivers and others sympathized with the strike and refused to go past the pickets .
in june 1967 , a small fraction of the czech writer 's union sympathized with radical socialists , specifically ludvík vaculík , milan kundera , jan procházka , antonín jaroslav liehm , pavel kohout and ivan klíma .
child also sympathized with the radical abolitionist john brown .
the village voice sympathized with espo ’s plight saying “
making matters worse was the fact that vanessa sympathized with cassie and told dinah that she needed to move on with her life .
further discussion ensued when the " drudge report " and a few other media outlets ran an unflattering associated press photograph of clinton looking old and tired on the wintry iowa campaign trail ; limbaugh sympathized with the plight of american women in an appearance - obsessed culture , then asked , “
the two met the king of navarre in the castle of mantes , accompanied by the two dowager queens and droves of courtiers and ministers , most of who more or less openly sympathized with charles of navarre .
lee camp sympathized with grant at the time , saying " it 's tough for granty and i would be frustrated in his situation .
gosselin was featured in the cbc television series ' as one of a number of french - canadians who not only sympathized with the american cause , but was willing to fight for them against the british .
although the new middle class sympathized with the working class , the middle - class political groups were hardly representative of a national political or social movement .
on november 1916 emperor franz joseph died , the new monarch charles iv sympathized with the pacifists .
in later years , he would play up his mother 's connection to southern and scottish roots , and present himself as an impoverished southern aristocrat ( although to what extent he truly sympathized with the southern cause during the american civil war remains unclear ) .
a group of other saints , peregrinus , gennanus , lucian , pompeius , hesychius , papius , and saturninus , were killed because they sympathized with astius .
historically , neoconservatives supported a militant anticommunism , tolerated more social welfare spending than was sometimes acceptable to libertarians and paleoconservatives , and sympathized with a non - traditional foreign policy agenda that was less deferential to traditional conceptions of diplomacy and international law and less inclined to compromise principles , even if that meant unilateral action .
during world war ii , sternen sympathized with the pro - nazi collaborationist policy of general leon rupnik and even painted a portrait of him .
the " young " sympathized with the social democrats of the kingdom of poland and lithuania and believed that priority should be given to cooperation with russian revolutionaries in toppling the tsarist regime and creating a socialist utopia that would facilitate negotiations for independence .
many workers , small proprietors , students and even public functionaries outside of the movement sympathized with its spirit and goals .
they also attempted to murder humans who sympathized with mutants , which led them to battle the punisher and his allies .
during the sandinista revolution , chamorro sympathized with the rebels , at one point hiding sergio ramírez from the national guard .
as a plantation owner and slaveholder , lacy sympathized with the south , and at the age of 37 he left chatham to serve the confederacy as a staff officer .
beverly sympathized with children who felt that there were no books written about children like themselves .
before 1942 , he was a member of the kmm and after 1945 sympathized with the pkmm .
except in combating disloyalty , he sympathized with the colonists , and was one of the ablest and most popular of the royal governors .
although some settlers sympathized with the confederacy , they were not allowed to organize and their newspapers were closed down .
surprisingly for modell , many baltimore fans sympathized with clevelanders ' outrage .
custine 's father and grandfather both sympathized with the french revolution but were both guillotined .
it is believed that švitrigaila sympathized with the russians , being born of a russian mother ( uliana of tver ) and married to anna ivanovna of tver .
tuqay disappointed in liberalism and sympathized with socialists and especially esers .
