first of all , the reverse transcriptase synthesize viral dna from viral rna , and then from newly made complementary dna strand .
also , hdl particles are thought to transport cholesterol back to the liver for excretion or to other tissues that use cholesterol to synthesize hormones in a process known as reverse cholesterol transport ( rct ) .
the precursor sol can be either deposited on a substrate to form a film ( e.g. , by dip coating or spin coating ) , cast into a suitable container with the desired shape ( e.g. , to obtain monolithic ceramics , glasses , fibers , membranes , aerogels ) , or used to synthesize powders ( e.g. , microspheres , nanospheres ) .
cloninger 's integrative approach is intended to synthesize work done in the mental health field , fostering what juan mezzich of the world psychiatric association has called " psychiatry for the person . "
methylene - thf is then used by serine hydroxymethyltransferase ( shmt ) to synthesize serine from glycine .
at lederle , he developed a method to synthesize folic acid , vitamin b9 , based on work by lucy wills to isolate folic acid as a ward against anemia .
the microbes inside the rumen are also able to synthesize amino acids from non - protein nitrogenous sources , such as urea and ammonia .
" curriculum integration with the use of technology involves the infusion of technology as a tool to enhance the learning in a content area or multidisciplinary setting ... effective integration of technology is achieved when students are able to select technology tools to help them obtain information in a timely manner , analyze and synthesize the information , and present it professionally .
the speculation arises from the fact that most animals synthesize vitamin c , and achieve much higher cellular concentrations than humans .
his works synthesize the theoretical and practical elements of sufi teachings .
it has been recently demonstrated that erythrocytes can also synthesize nitric oxide enzymatically , using l - arginine as substrate , just like endothelial cells .
cgtases can synthesize all forms of cyclodextrins , thus the product of the conversion results in a mixture of the three main types of cyclic molecules , in ratios that are strictly dependent on the enzyme used : each cgtase has its own characteristic α:β:γ synthesis ratio .
selective growth media are also used in cell culture to ensure the survival or proliferation of cells with certain properties , such as antibiotic resistance or the ability to synthesize a certain metabolite .
however , during world war ii , the united states government undertook a massive effort to determine the chemical structure of penicillin and to chemically synthesize it in large quantities .
this is because myeloma cells have lost the ability to synthesize hypoxanthine - guanine - phosphoribosyl transferase ( hgprt ) , an enzyme necessary for the salvage synthesis of nucleic acids .
in 1828 friedrich wohler had showed that it is possible to synthesize urea .
a skilled chemist can readily synthesize most chemical agents if the precursors are available .
it is possible to synthesize and isolate bipolaron model compounds for x - ray diffraction studies .
he was the first to synthesize thiamine ( vitamin b1 ) .
chemical synthesis offers two advantages compared with electrochemical synthesis of pts : a greater selection of monomers , and , using the proper catalysts , the ability to synthesize perfectly regioregular substituted pts .
only the epidermal cells of plants synthesize cutin .
to remedy this situation , the panda3d developers have recently given panda3d the ability to synthesize
some microorganisms can not synthesize the required cell components themselves and need to be supplemented , e.g. with thiamine , biotin , calcium pentothenate
in mammals the odorants stimulate adenylate cyclase to synthesize camp via a g protein called golf .
the ability to easily synthesize vast numbers of different peptides by varying the types and order of amino acids ( using combinatorial chemistry ) has made peptide synthesis particularly important in creating libraries of peptides for use in drug discovery through high - throughput screening .
the walls of the afferent arteriole contain specialized smooth muscle cells that synthesize renin .
the vale ’s philosophy , adding to the literature other isolated contribution , it can synthesize his ideas in a famous formula that establish the bases of valian philosophy .
rubin originally designed this to synthesize the decennial census long form responses for the short form households .
designers will synthesize a linkage by starting with the required output motion , mechanical advantage , velocity and acceleration .
the term is derived from the french verb " synthétiser " ( " to synthesize " or " to combine so as to form a new , complex product " ) .
the better metasearch engines try to synthesize requests appropriately when submitting them .
when querried on these , sinclair questioned the ability of these independent investigators to synthesize these compounds .
in effect , arbitrage traders synthesize a put option on their ability to finance themselves .
the ata can therefore synthesize up to 32 phased array beams .
modern orthodox judaism ( or modern orthodox or modern orthodoxy ) is a movement within orthodox judaism that attempts to synthesize traditional observance and values with the secular , modern world .
fm is also used at audio frequencies to synthesize sound .
numerous other methods to synthesize ybco have developed since its discovery by wu and his coworkers , such as chemical vapor deposition ( cvd ) , sol - gel , and aerosol methods .
by 2008 the united states national institute of general medical sciences was able to synthesize about 300 such amino acids .
the general goal in plant design , is to construct or synthesize “ optimum designs ” in the neighborhood of the desired constraints .
the renal pathologist must synthesize findings from light microscopy , electron microscopy , and immunofluorescence to obtain a definitive diagnosis .
over 300 enzymes require the presence of magnesium ions for their catalytic action , including " all " enzymes utilizing or synthesizing atp , or those which use other nucleotides to synthesize dna and rna .
these bacteria also help synthesize vitamin b and vitamin k.
as john sheehan described in his book the enchanted ring : the untold story of penicillin , after the war , most other synthetic chemists abandoned the penicillin synthesis research , convinced that it was impossible to chemically synthesize penicillin .
attempts to synthesize proteins in the test - tube were unsuccessful , mainly due to the chirality of amino acids ; naturally occurring proteins are composed of only " left - handed " amino acids .
the minutemen were great fans of beefheart , and were arguably among the few to effectively synthesize his music with their own , especially in their early output , which featured disjointed guitar and irregular , galloping rhythms .
during cell division , ftsz is the first protein to move to the division site , and is essential for recruiting other proteins that synthesize the new cell wall between the dividing cells .
these mental images can then be associated and compared with others , and can be used to synthesize completely new images .
under the banners of nationalism and state power , fascism seemed to synthesize the glorious roman past with a futuristic utopia .
finally , recent studies of genes expressed in choanoflagellates have revealed that choanoflagellates synthesize homologues of metazoan cell signaling and adhesion genes .
primates , including humans , and a few other species in all divisions of the animal kingdom , notably the guinea pig , have lost the ability to synthesize ascorbic acid , and must obtain it in their food .
electronic sirens incorporate circuits such as oscillators , modulators , and amplifiers to synthesize a selected siren tone ( wail , yelp , pierce / priority / phaser , hi - lo , scan , airhorn , manual , and a few more ) which is played through external speakers .
passive immunity is also provided through the transfer of iga antibodies found in breast milk that are transferred to the gut of the infant , protecting against bacterial infections , until the newborn can synthesize its own antibodies .
beck has been known to synthesize several musical elements together in his music , including folk , hip hop , funk , many types of rock and blues .
it has proven difficult to synthesize even slightly bigger molecules , and they still remain " a dream of many organic and polymer chemists " .
since platelets have no dna , they are unable to synthesize new cox once aspirin has irreversibly inhibited the enzyme , an important difference with reversible inhibitors .
these polymerases use an rna template to synthesize the dna strand .
he assisted norman haworth in 1934 when he became the first to synthesize vitamin c.
" for developing new ways to synthesize complex molecules ordinarily found in nature . "
they attempted to synthesize endiandric acid c from an acyclic symmetric diacetylenic diol precursor 14 , which they hydrogenated using lindlar ’s catalyst to give 15 .
on the other hand , should a software system be used to synthesize measurement functions as descriptive behavioral constructs , rather than hardware referenced structural data flow descriptions , we have achieved true measurement synthesis .
in some cases , the cells surrounding the lesion synthesize antimicrobial compounds , including phenolics , phytoalexins , and pathogenesis related ( pr ) proteins , including β-glucanases and chitinases .
it includes the rough er where ribosomes are attached , and the proteins they synthesize enter the interior space or lumen .
a bombing target of the oil campaign of world war ii , the brabag plant northeast of zeitz used lignite coal to synthesize ersatz oil – forced labor was provided by the nearby wille subcamp of buchenwald in rehmsdorf and gleina .
it is one of many compounds that is attractive to males of various species of orchid bees , who apparently gather the chemical to synthesize pheromones ; it is commonly used as bait to attract and collect these bees for study .
for the categories synthesize the random data of the sensory manifold into intelligible objects .
it is one of many compounds that is attractive to males of various species of orchid bees , who apparently gather the chemical to synthesize pheromones ; it is commonly used as bait to attract and collect these bees for study .
a transmission line which has lumped circuit elements that synthesize a left - handed medium is referred to as a " dual transmission line " as compared to " conventional transmission line " .
there might be an attempt to synthesize together the results of several papers , even if some of these results might first appear to contradict each other .
part of his work was devoted to the study of the enzymes that synthesize cyclic amp .
neurological and physiological harm is caused by this impaired ability to synthesize a key enzyme required to break down a specific amino acid , or group of amino acids , resulting in acidemia and toxicity to specific organs systems .
using the principles of combinatorial chemistry , the ugi reaction offers the possibility to synthesize a great number of different compounds in one reaction , by the reaction of various ketones ( or aldehydes ) , amines , isocyanides and carboxylic acids .
numerous chemical methods are used to synthesize magnetic iron oxide nanoparticles for various applications .
many steps are involved , but the result is the formation of a proton gradient across the thylakoid membrane , which is used to synthesize atp via photophosphorylation .
her attempt to compile and synthesize the patterns she was seeing eventually led her to develop a second newsletter , " leading edge bulletin " , and found its culmination in " the aquarian conspiracy " ( j.p. tarcher , 1980 ) , the seminal work that earned her a lasting global reputation .
the mode of action of nrtis and ntrtis is essentially the same ; they are analogues of the naturally occurring deoxynucleotides needed to synthesize the viral dna and they compete with the natural deoxynucleotides for incorporation into the growing viral dna chain .
april 29 , 2008 ) was a swiss scientist best known for having been the first to synthesize , ingest and learn of the psychedelic effects of lysergic acid diethylamide ( lsd ) .
for example , some insects synthesize cryoprotectants such as polyols and sugars , which reduce the lethal freezing temperature of the body .
hepatocytes also synthesize apoproteins with which they then assemble and export lipoproteins ( vldl , hdl ) .
weizmann was a chemist who had developed a process to synthesize acetone via fermentation .
conditionally essential amino acids are not normally required in the diet , but must be supplied exogenously to specific populations that do not synthesize it in adequate amounts .
the biochemical hub of the body , the liver , has a variety of transaminases to synthesize and break down amino acids and to interconvert energy storage molecules .
attempts to date to synthesize the element using fusion reactions at low excitation energy have met with failure , although there are reports that the fission of nuclei of element 120 at very high excitation has been successfully measured , indicating a strong shell effect at z=120 .
as the dialectic struggle of economic forces clash and synthesize , so too do the language constructs .
for example , most mammals synthesize their own ascorbic acid , and it is therefore not considered an essential nutrient for such species .
the choline produced by the action of ache is recycled — it is transported , through reuptake , back into nerve terminals where it is used to synthesize new acetylcholine molecules .
accordingly , these animals have developed a symbiotic relationship with a wide range of microbes , which largely reside in the reticulorumen , and which are able to synthesize the requisite enzymes .
under normal physiologic substrate concentrations , gclc alone may synthesize gamma - glutamylcysteine , as evidenced by mouse models lacking gclm protein .
in 1795 , the great linguist and philosopher wilhelm von humboldt ( 1767 - 1835 ) called for an anthropology that would synthesize kant 's and herder 's interests .
then , in 1939 , he provided the first strong evidence that niacin was used to synthesize nad .
gowland hopkins recognized " accessory food factors " other than calories , protein and minerals , as organic materials essential to health but which the body can not synthesize .
gomberg was the first to successfully synthesize tetraphenylmethane .
independently ernst otto fischer also came to the conclusion of the sandwich structure and started to synthesize other metallocenes such as nickelocene and cobaltocene .
matsuzawa 's approach to research is to synthesize the field work and the laboratory work in order to understand the nature of chimpanzees , our evolutionary neighbors .
xander and spike manhandle the demon into buffy 's basement chaining it while willow breaks off its stinger to make the antidote which she must synthesize without using magic .
combinatorially synthesize hundreds of thousands of unique , single - stranded
khorana was also the first to synthesize oligonucleotides , that is , strings of nucleotides ( see oligonucleotide synthesis ) .
the primary mission of the iarc is to nurture , integrate and synthesize research being conducted internationally by individuals and groups in order to identify natural and man - made changes .
during his work at the physiological institute , schotten , together with eugen baumann , discovered a method to synthesize amides from amines and acid chlorides ; this method is still known as the schotten - baumann reaction .
to synthesize a d flip - flop , simply set k equal to the complement of j. the jk flip - flop is therefore a universal flip - flop , because it can be configured to work as an sr flip - flop , a d flip - flop , or a t flip - flop .
few , however , have challenged his contributions to plant evolutionary biology , nor questioned his ability to synthesize disparate literature into a coherent framework .
singularity sent white scorpion to take her because she had possessed all essential data to synthesize dark mirror .
choline is taken up and recycled by the pre - synaptic neuron to synthesize more ach .
instead , the animals may synthesize the pigments from precursors such as the amino acid tyrosine .
pcr could be used to synthesize specific pieces of dna and made possible the sequencing of dna of organisms , which culminated in the huge human genome project .
it is also the name of a computer program developed in the research group of elias james corey at the harvard university department of chemistry which uses ai techniques to discover sequences of reactions which may be used to synthesize a compound .
this technique results in effective permittivity and permeability material parameters that are both inherently and simultaneously negative , obviating the need to synthesize these parameters separately , or by separate means .
there are numerous methods to synthesize phenylboronic acid .
with a dream to synthesize indian music , asha gravitated to western popular music emanating from her home radio .
hydriodic acid can be used to synthesize sodium iodide or potassium iodide for increasing iodine content of salt .
sellars was perhaps the first philosopher to synthesize elements of american pragmatism with elements of british and american analytic philosophy and austrian and german logical positivism .
whereas enzymes synthesize dna and rna in a 5 ' to 3 ' direction , chemical oligonucleotide synthesis is carried out in the opposite , 3 ' to 5 ' direction .
in the end of 1980 's , researchers started to synthesize cocaine- and cart - like - acting substances in order to find medications that could affect eating disorders as well as cocaine abuse .
among many diverse type of glycosidic linkages , the 1,2-"cis"-β-glycoside , which exists in many biologically relevant glycoconjugates and oligosaccharides , is arguably one of the most difficult to synthesize .
recently , he discovered a new method to synthesize carbon nanotubes more regular in diameter and length .
humans can derive energy from a wide variety of fats , carbohydrates , proteins , and ethanol , and can synthesize other needed amino acids from the essential nutrients .
korvac 's mechanical module could also tap and synthesize any form of energy and concealed advanced weaponry .
dna polymerase can only synthesize new dna from an old dna strand in the 5'->3 ' direction .
it then was suggested that the mechanical stresses during phonation were stimulating the fibroblasts to synthesize those fibers .
although fish is a dietary source of " n"−3 fatty acids , fish do not synthesize them ; they obtain them from the algae ( microalgae in particular ) or plankton in their diet .
( the science news letter , 1934 ) as vinyl ether was unknown in its pure form , leake approached organic chemists at berkeley asking them to synthesize this novel anesthetic .
fibroblasts are the most common cell type in connective tissue ecm , in which they synthesize , maintain and provide a structural framework ; fibroblasts secrete the precursor components of the ecm , including the ground substance .
when cosimo decided to refound plato 's academy at florence , his choice to head it was marsilio , who made the classic translation of plato from greek to latin ( published in 1484 ) , as well as a translation of a collection of hellenistic greek documents of the hermetic corpus - particularly the " corpus hermeticum " of hermes trismegistos , and the writings of many of the neoplatonists , for example porphyry , iamblichus , plotinus , " et al . " following suggestions laid out by gemistos plethon , ficino tried to synthesize christianity and platonism .
hepatitis c virus ( hcv ) used host cell machinery to process its genome to synthesize 3 crucial viral proteases of which each has peptide cleaving role .
for the nine years that he worked on penicillin synthesis , there were practically no competitors , leaving sheehan on a lonely search for a way to synthesize the antibiotic .
enterococci lack the ability to synthesize r - lipoate and thus needed to obtain it from the environment .
suppose we want to synthesize a 16 by 16 crossbar switch .
the ability to visually interact with information allows users to analyze complex patterns , synthesize opportunities , and evaluate alternative processes .
eventually he comes to understand the desperation of the middle kingdom , thanks to a middler scientist stowaway , and they try to synthesize between them a way for the two world - spanning empires to resolve their differences .
artists such as maki haku ( 1924 - 2000 ) and shinoda toko ( 1913- ) synthesize calligraphy and abstract expression and produce strikingly beautiful and serene images .
( moreover , the formation of 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate in erythrocytes might be affected , followed by a higher oxygen affinity of hemoglobin and subsequently enhanced cyanosis ) as shown by gresser ( 1981 ) , submitochondrial particles synthesize adenosine-5’-diphosphate - arsenate from adp and arsenate in presence of succinate .
by utilizing two different monolayers in langmuir - blodgett deposition or a combination of langmuir - blodgett and vesicle rupture deposition it is also possible to synthesize an asymmetric planar bilayer .
organisms vary in their ability to synthesize the 20 common amino acids .
coming of age in a generation that is post - civil rights and post - second wave feminism , his work draws from his life history as a son , a male , and an african american struggling to synthesize past adversity and acclimatize to life in the 21st century .
assael 's figure compositions synthesize the characteristics of the past masters with a selective eye for the present , suffusing elements of naturalism and romanticism to blend contemporary techniques with those of the past .
although viruses have a few enzymes and molecules characteristic of living organisms , they have no metabolism of their own and can not synthesize and organize the organic compounds that form them .
first glycosynthase can only be use to synthesize glycosidic linkages for which there is a know glycosidase .
all species that do not synthesize ascorbate require it in the diet .
the human body can synthesize vitamin d when skin is exposed to ultraviolet radiation from the sun .
this is the first book by gary marks , known for his unique ability to synthesize his investment research to form risk - averse , multi - manager strategies , which have been successful in both bull and bear markets .
the promise of functional genomics is to expand and synthesize genomic and proteomic knowledge into an understanding of the dynamic properties of an organism at cellular and/or organismal levels .
in his book he attempts to synthesize austrian economics with the labor theory of value , or " austrianize " it , by incorporating both subjectivism and time preference .
historically , state and local extension staff research topics , synthesize , and prepare information for easy consumption , often on an “ as needed ” basis .
of the twenty - two standard amino acids , eight are called essential amino acids because the human body can not synthesize them from other compounds at the level needed for normal growth , so they must be obtained from food .
in paintings such as " the madonna of port - lligat " ( first version ) ( 1949 ) and " corpus hypercubus " ( 1954 ) , dalí sought to synthesize christian iconography with images of material disintegration inspired by nuclear physics . " nuclear mysticism " included such notable pieces as " la gare de perpignan " ( 1965 ) and " hallucinogenic toreador " ( 1968–70 ) .
daphne arrives at mohinder 's apartment , telling him that her employers want access to his database , and they 've already created a way to synthesize special powers .
examples of recordings that synthesize composed and improvised music are the albums miles ahead , by miles davis and gil evans ; focus by stan getz and eddie sauter ; perceptions by dizzy gillespie and j. j. johnson ; alegria by wayne shorter ; wide angles by michael brecker , and myth of the cave by yitzhak yedid .
those adults operating with level - iii understanding synthesize systems of justice and care - based ethics .
the efficient procedures developed to synthesize these molecular architectures has been applied to the construction of molecular machines that operate based on the movement of the various component .
he planned to synthesize it into a street drug only for daredevil to arrive and steal it .
brixey is best known for pioneering highly complex experimental artworks that synthesize physics , astronomy , cosmology , biology and advanced computing .
like make , rake can also synthesize tasks based on patterns ( for example , automatically building a file compilation task based on filename patterns ) .
arguments for megadosage are based on the diets of closely related apes and the likely diet of pre - historical humans , and that most mammals synthesize vitamin c rather than relying on dietary intake .
aksakov 's thesis on lomonosov ( 1846 ) attempted to synthesize his view of the russian peasant 's religious and historical mission with hegel 's philosophy .
the company can extract enough purified carbon from one incompletely cremated human body to synthesize up to 50 gems weighing one carat ( 0.2 g ) each .
cyanobacteria can also synthesize atp by oxidative phosphorylation , in the manner of other bacteria .
maternal cells also synthesize and contribute a store of ribosomes that are required for the translation of proteins before the zygotic genome is activated .
codeine is also demethylated by reaction with pyridine to illicitly synthesize morphine .
although muscone , the primary macrocyclic compound of musk was long known , it was only in 1926 that leopold ruzicka was able to synthesize this compound in very small quantities .
it was noted to be a byproduct of the reaction between orthamidobenzonitrile hydrochloride , sodium nitrite , and hydrochloric acid to synthesize orthodicyanodiazoamidobenzene .
a useful discussion method for teachers , it is aimed at engaging students in critical thinking as they infer meaning from the text , formulate personal opinions , respectfully argue for their own interpretation , and synthesize arguments .
during the jedi civil war the republic attempted to devise a procedure which would allow them to synthesize a kolto - like substance .
mature particles containing l - a dsrna synthesize ( + ) strands ( transcription ) by a conservative mechanism , and extrude the new strand from the particles .
the absorption of these nitrogen oxides in water is one possible route way to synthesize nitric acid .
as an indication that previously disparate intellectual dialogues have in fact started converging into a recognizable discipline , at least six solidly - researched and well - accepted first attempts to synthesize a coherent framework for the field have appeared : eleonora masini 's why futures studies , james dator 's advancing futures studies , ziauddin sardar 's rescuing all of our futures ,
a group of economists ( notably john hicks , franco modigliani , and paul samuelson ) , attempted to interpret and formalize keynes ' writings , and to synthesize it with the neo - classical models of economics .
madeline lee " is one of those rare operas where music , drama and emotion synthesize into moments that feel incredibly immediate and real … a truly riveting piece . "
noss are hemoproteins that combine reductase and oxygenase catalytic domains in one monomer to synthesize no from the terminal nitrogen atom of l - arginine in the presence of nadph and o2 .
these bacteria synthesize some essential amino acids that are absent from the phloem that the aphids eat .
a primary criticism of the computational research into products of advanced " molecular assemblers " is that the structures investigated are , as the researchers themselves agree , impossible to synthesize today .
aluminium chloride combined with aluminium in the presence of an arene can be used to synthesize bis(arene ) metal complexes , e.g. bis(benzene)chromium , from certain metal halides via the so - called fischer - hafner synthesis .
in the total synthesis of a complex product it may take multiple steps to synthesize the product of interest , and inordinate amounts of time .
through innovative primary and secondary research , they synthesize insights out of their findings .
the precursor sol can be either deposited on a substrate to form a film ( e.g. by dip - coating or spin - coating ) , cast into a suitable container with the desired shape ( e.g. to obtain a monolithic ceramics , glasses , fibers , membranes , aerogels ) , or used to synthesize powders ( e.g. microspheres , nanospheres ) .
it was based on attempts to synthesize american indian musical ideas with some of the basic principles of western music .
it is currently being researched as to whether or not the anelloviri viral genus can synthesize proteins without the use of a host cell .
though he was never able to synthesize both traditions in a satisfactory manner , he did end up influencing both .
as chemoautotrophs , these bacterial symbionts synthesize organic matter from co2 and are the primary source of nutrition for the whole organism .
enzymes that degrade or synthesize cyclic di - gmp are believed to be localized to specific regions of the cell , where they influence receivers in a restricted space .
however , both l - a and plant and animal dsrna viruses synthesize both ( + ) and ( – ) viral rna strands within particles .
" genesa : a conceptual model to synthesize , synchronize , and vitalize man 's interpretation of universal phenomena " ( 1969 )
the team at the flerov laboratory of nuclear reactions ran a 7-month - long experiment to synthesize element 117 using the reaction
if the cell is growing rapidly , each complex also needs to transport about 6 newly assembled large and small ribosomal subunits per minute from the nucleus to the cytosol , where they are used to synthesize proteins .
thaddeus cahill 's gargantuan and controversial instrument , the telharmonium , which began piping music to new york city establishments over the telephone system in 1897 , predated the advent of electronics , yet was the first instrument to demonstrate the use of the combination of many different pure electrical waveforms to synthesize real - world instrument sounds .
some early swedish scholars of the swedish hyperborean school and of the 19th - century romantic nationalism period proceeded to synthesize the different versions by inserting references to the suiones , arguing that they must have been referred to in the original texts and obscured over time by spelling mistakes or various alterations .
the epidermal cells of the primary shoot are thought to be the only plant cells with the biochemical capacity to synthesize cutin .
it is consistent with the observation that despite being capable of producing melanin , many fungi do not synthesize melanin constitutively ( i.e. , all the time ) , but often only in response to external stimuli or at different stages of their development .
this is due to both the ease of acquiring the materials necessary to synthesize it , and its greater sensitivity to initiation compared to ammonium nitrate based explosives .
ulici attempted to synthesize the two conflicting natures in the romanian identity , and viewed the two as terms in " an oxymoron " standing at the center of romanian culture .
in 1962 kelly created one of the most famous moments in the history of bell labs by using an ibm 704 computer to synthesize speech .
he made no original writings or thoughts on the beliefs of the church , instead working to synthesize and transmit the learning from his predecessors .
scientists at burroughs - wellcome began to identify and synthesize compounds and developed a screen to test for activity against murine ( mouse ) retroviruses .
once glycogen is depleted the body begins to fuel the brain using ketones , while also metabolize body protein ( including but not limited to skeletal muscle ) to be used to synthesize sugars for use as energy by the rest of the body .
it synthesize new valve .
working with jack dennis on the tx-0 at mit building 26 , he developed an interest in computing waveforms to synthesize music .
the difference is that this includes techniques such as crosstalk cancellation because sound from all speakers reaches both ears which makes the binaural cues more complicated to synthesize .
designed around a revolutionary new model of creative practice , research , and discovery at the frontier of art , science and engineering , dxarts supports the emergence of a new generation of arts pioneers by fostering the invention of new forms of art through expanded studio research that synthesize advances in digital computing , information technologies , science , biology and engineering .
the advent of combinatorial chemistry has enabled medicinal chemists to synthesize and identify large numbers of potential
the body is unable to synthesize enough glucose to meet its needs , thus creating an energy crisis resulting in fatty acid metabolism , and ketone body formation .
in the opinion of ruth dewel , judith winston and frank mckinney , " our standard interpretation of bryozoan morphology and embryology is a construct resulting from over 100 years of attempts to synthesize a single framework for all invertebrates , " and takes little account of some peculiar features of ectoprocts .
folate is necessary for the cell to synthesize nucleic acids ( nucleic acids are essential building blocks of dna and rna ) , and in its absence cells will be unable to divide .
a purified nucleoside is protected to create a phosphoramidite , which can then be used to obtain analogues not found in nature and/or to synthesize an oligonucleotide .
[ 2 pm – 4 pm ] : : robert davis / synthesize this !
information technologies can play an important role in the knowledge - based view of the firm in that information systems can be used to synthesize , enhance , and expedite large - scale intra- and inter - firm knowledge management ( alavi and leidner 2001 ) .
the enzyme has steroid 18-hydroxylase activity to synthesize aldosterone and other steroids .
later an nih - funded researcher at columbia university discovered a way to synthesize it .
also producing the impression of depth is the kpt gel filter which uses various paint tools to synthesize photo - realistic 3d materials such as metals , liquids , or plastics .
corporate information professionals synthesize strategic information to help executives make the decisions necessary for business to thrive .
this is considered as one of the promising methods to synthesize graphene at large scale for practical applications .
second , the polymers themselves clog up the endoplasmic reticulum of cells that synthesize serpins , eventually resulting in cell death and tissue damage .
all species studied so far have the ability to synthesize siderophores to sequester iron from the cell environment and transport it through their respective cognate outer membrane receptors .
in bacteria that synthesize tryptophan , high cellular levels of this amino acid activate a repressor protein , which binds to the trp operon .
humans synthesize vitamin d with adequate exposure to sunlight ; supplementation may be necessary during winter months for people who live far from the equator .
in 1957 the american j.j. burns showed that the reason some mammals were susceptible to scurvy was the inability of their liver to produce the active enzyme l - gulonolactone oxidase , which is the last of the chain of four enzymes that synthesize vitamin c. american biochemist irwin stone was the first to exploit vitamin c for its food preservative properties .
leaf cells have also evolved to scatter ( i.e. , reflect and transmit ) solar radiation in the near - infrared spectral region ( which carries approximately half of the total incoming solar energy ) , because the energy level per photon in that domain ( wavelengths longer than about 700 nanometers ) is not sufficient to be useful to synthesize organic molecules .
recognizing the need for an information analysis center to serve the government , industrial , and university community as a focal point for software development and experience data , in august 1978 the rome air development center ( radc ) , which is now called the air force research laboratory ( afrl ) , contracted with iit research institute ( iitri ) to design such a center , named , the data and analysis center for software ( dacs ) , that would acquire , analyze , synthesize , and disseminate information on software engineering technology .
by using this internal connection between the modulation and principal oscillator , it is possible to synthesize familiar fm synthesis tones .
asymmetric heterogeneous catalysis can be used to synthesize enantiomerically pure compounds using chiral heterogeneous catalysts .
the precursor sol can be either deposited on a substrate to form a film ( e.g. by dip - coating or spin - coating ) , cast into a suitable container with the desired shape ( e.g. to obtain a monolithic ceramics , glasses , fibers , membranes , aerogels ) , or used to synthesize powders ( e.g. microspheres , nanospheres ) .
given that animals can not synthesize carotenoids " de novo " , they must be obtained from food .
the traube synthesis , an alternative method to synthesize theophylline has been introduced in 1900 by another german scientist , wilhelm traube .
unlike its chlorine analog , perchlorate , it is difficult to synthesize .
they observed that isolated mitochondrial fragments were capable of respiration but not able to synthesize atp .
in the case of the bacterial diauxic shift from glucose to lactose metabolism , glucose initially inhibits the ability of the enzyme adenylate cyclase to synthesize cyclic amp ( camp ) .
american solutions for winning the future is a 527 group created by former speaker of the united states house of representatives newt gingrich and which claims as its purpose the mutual engagement of citizens and elected officials in a dialogue intended to synthesize and propose solutions to problems affecting american society .
exciters are also used to synthesize harmonics of low frequency signals to simulate deep bass in smaller speakers .
the vast majority of animals and plants are able to synthesize their own vitamin c , through a sequence of four enzyme - driven steps , which convert glucose to vitamin c. the glucose needed to produce ascorbate in the liver ( in mammals and perching birds ) is extracted from glycogen ; ascorbate synthesis is a glycogenolysis - dependent process .
research efforts to synthesize zeolites with larger pore diameter , high structural stability and catalytic activity have not given the expected results yet .
since red blood cells lack nuclei , they can not synthesize new enzyme molecules to replace defective ones .
after reacting " e. coli " with 3[h ] thymidine to synthesize dna for only ten seconds , he placed the sample in a test tube of alkaline sucrose .
the " la podcasters " is an inclusive podcasting group based out of los angeles which meets monthly at the brewery to synthesize the generation of podcasts out of the greater los angeles community .
since lack of selenium deprives the cell 's ability to synthesize selenoproteins , many health effects of low selenium intake are believed to be caused by the lack of one or more specific selenoproteins .
these tools automatically synthesize circuits specified at c level to a register transfer level ( rtl ) specification , which can be used as input to a gate - level logic synthesis flow .
this factory is mining carbonaceous asteroids which are high in chon elements , and synthesize edible food from them .
photophosphorylation uses solar energy to synthesize atp .
wind machines and a spot light were added to help synthesize the atmosphere in the force field .
the merkwelt ( german ; ) is a concept in robotics , psychology and biology that describes a creature or android 's capacity to view things , manipulate information and synthesize to make meaning out of the universe .
in the active site of these enzymes , the incoming nucleoside triphosphate base - pairs to the template : this allows polymerases to accurately synthesize the complementary strand of their template .
trained in embryology , evolution , theology , and the humanities , dr. francoeur 's main work has been to synthesize and integrate the findings of primary sexological researchers .
he developed an effective exchange agent to replace chloride in carbon tetrachloride with fluoride to synthesize cfc-11 ( ccl3f ) and cfc-12 ( ccl2f2 ) .
the necessity of preexisting hsp60 in order to synthesize additional hsp60 molecules supports the endosymbiotic theory of the origin of mitochondria .
students learn how to analyze , synthesize , solve problems and think critically through evidence - based learning , teamwork , and effective communication .
excessive extracellular glutamate concentrations reverse xct and glial cells no longer have enough cystine to synthesize glutathione ( gsh ) , an antioxidant .
because awgs synthesize the waveforms using digital signal processing techniques , their maximum frequency is usually limited to no more than a few gigahertz .
( + ) -totarol may also function by disrupting the structural integrity of the phospholipid bilayer of bacteria by weakening van der waals interactions with its phenolic group , which also results in bacterial cells unable to synthesize atp .
rather easy to synthesize .
despite being widely available in several plant species , gramine is far easier to synthesize directly from indole via a mannich reaction with dimethylamine and formaldehyde .
large structures can be readily accessed using bottom - up synthesis as they are composed of small molecules requiring fewer steps to synthesize .
uvb light induces the body to synthesize vitamin d. vitamin d is required for calcium absorption , and improves development and reduces cancer risk .
this course gave hustad the opportunity to synthesize and articulate his views , which ultimately became the manuscript for " jubilate !
they acts on the own cellular dna of the cell that synthesize them ; to be precise , in the opposite allele of the gene that encode them .
when a ribosome begins to synthesize proteins that are needed in some organelles , the ribosome making this protein can become " membrane - bound " .
the school 's main figures sought to learn from and synthesize the works of such varied thinkers as kant , hegel , marx , freud , weber and lukács .
in fact , atmospheric humidity in the lab can dictate one 's success when trying to synthesize a grignard reagent from magnesium turnings and an alkyl halide .
agricultural literacy is a phrase being used by several universities ( e.g. , texas tech , the university of arizona , and california polytechnic state university ) to describe programs to promote the understanding and knowledge necessary to synthesize , analyze , and communicate basic information about agriculture to students , producers , consumers , and the public .
microorganisms synthesize a wide spectrum of multifunctional polysaccharides including intracellular polysaccharides , structural polysaccharides and extracellular polysaccharides or exopolysaccharides ( eps ) .
