the temple was eventually toppled by earthquakes and in the 18th century was quarried extensively to provide building materials for the modern towns of agrigento and nearby porto empedocle .
on september 4 , 2009 , two of the station 's four radio towers were toppled by vandals .
oddly enough , the new flagpole is actually a replacement ; the old pole toppled over due to stress and high winds , almost falling onto nearby interstate 43 .
he once again toppled a ranked kansas team and led the tigers to their first ncaa victory since 1995 .
a third coach , snagged by its rear truck , hung precariously off the lift bridge for two hours before it also toppled into the water .
the gamecocks have toppled numerous college football powerhouses over the years at williams - brice including southern cal , alabama , georgia , tennessee , florida , and florida state , among many others .
wtax - am and wdbr - fm were knocked off the air after the tornado toppled the main signal tower .
fut nearly toppled president osvaldo hurtado in 1982 when he introduced austerity measures in the face of the debt crisis .
ines kannoyan ’s place was filled with suitors , lam - ang ’s rooster flap it ’s wings and the long house toppled .
aid from the " tong " boss daniel wo fan did nothing to help , and bolan toppled demarco for good .
more seriously , the daniel boone statue at the park 's eastern parkway entrance was toppled on may 21 , 1962 , causing severe damage to it .
lloyd stark had a fierce political rivalry with harry s. truman , against whom he ran for the senate in 1940—and lost when he and the prosecutor ( maurice m. milligan ) , who toppled the kansas city political machine , split the anti - pendergast vote in the democratic primary .
they also do not offer much support , and a row of bicycles in this type of stand are susceptible to all being toppled in a domino effect .
his greatest shock comes when eyeshield 21 ignores his brother completely and forces unsui to fumble , followed by the unbelievable event in which unsui 's seemingly invincible sibling was toppled by sena .
the tree survived for centuries until the hurricane of 1938 toppled it .
after a second wicket stand of 44 the country xi toppled to 106 all out to the accurate brian statham 2/16 and the medium pace off - spinners and off - cutters of the " applecart " ( 6/26 ) .
at the north end of the valley , two high voltage transmission towers were toppled .
selim iii repelled the british fleet of john thomas duckworth with the help of sebastiani , but lost several major encounters against russia , and he was finally toppled by his janissaries as he was trying to reform his army , and replaced by mustafa iv .
but the divine crow tipped the kamandalu and toppled it .
in 1974 , the derg toppled the ethiopian monarchy and " dejazmach " haile selassie gugsa was freed .
many monuments are toppled with at least one large obelisk still laying broken across the roadway , and the trunks and debris from the multiple downed trees remain to be cleared .
some of the homes on the eastern side of nameloc road , the dirt road parallel to the bluff have toppled over the cliff ..
having routed the loyalist military and toppled the ballivián government , siles served as provisional president from april 11 , 1952 until april 16 , 1952 , when paz returned from abroad .
toppled over 90° , and fitted with additional floating devices , the stripped down hulls , weighing 140 tons , were shipped through the kiel canal and on the elbe up to dresden - übigau , where they were placed on two 70 ton culemeyer road transporters hauled by kaelble tractors .
taken off guard , leo was toppled back through a building but leaped into the air , firing the dark shooter , however the monster was mostly unharmed .
there were also reports of toppled chimneys in maine .
his advisers , namely sarraj and amer , insisted that the pro - nasser forces were winning and qasim was about to be toppled .
their analysis was that the monarchy was a fundamentally reactionary form of government but that it could be toppled by a revolution sparked by an armed vanguard .
large quantities of earth were removed and dumped in a landfill next to a nearby creek ; the weight of the earth caused the river bank to collapse , which , in turn , allowed water to seep into the ground , creating a muddy foundation for the building that toppled . "
losing quickly peron 's support as right - wing peronism was regaining power , obregón cano was thus toppled in a coup known as the " navarrazo " , led by the province 's police chief , antonio navarro , and after which the vice - governor atilio lopez was soon killed .
he strongly condemned the military coup that toppled the elected government of prime minister laisenia qarase on 5 december 2006 , and criticized some of his fellow lawyers who supported or worked with the republic of fiji military forces .
it depicts romania during world war ii , focusing on the royal coup that toppled ion antonescu , the axis - allied " conducător " and authoritarian prime minister .
the reenactment " was again screened at home in 1990 , one year after the romanian revolution toppled communism .
there was extensive damage to a local milk factory , with large storage tanks toppled .
" age of secrets : the conspiracy that toppled richard nixon and the hidden death of howard hughes " is a biography on howard hughes personal advisor , and former u.s. senate candidate , john h. meier and written by newspaper reporter gerald bellett .
during ahmad shah qajar or asq ( ruled 1909 - 1925 ) ; the court chef was javad farifteh who accompanied asq to paris as asq was toppled and deposed .
considered the most prominent figure of the consort clan during the early lý period , đỗ anh vũ held the most powerful position in the royal court from 1140 to his death in 1158 except a short period in which đỗ anh vũ was toppled by a group of officials led by the military commander vũ đái .
hundreds of buildings were toppled and many thousands of people were made homeless .
the vanisher leaves a gap in the line of toppled dominoes , allowing g.i. to access the exit .
another severe storm on palm sunday , 1965 , resulted in a tornado that toppled the lantern from the top of the tower leaving only iron spikes protruding from the tower .
in august 1944 , antonescu was toppled and arrested by king michael i of romania .
the us and a few caribbean nations invaded the island due the execution of the islands prime minister , the us wanted to evacuate american tourists from the island after the communists took control and toppled the marxist government .
not that being on the bridge itself would have been any more heroic : several of the men standing around napoleon at the time were killed and wounded , and he was extremely lucky to escape unharmed , though according to one source he was toppled from his horse and ended in the mud at the edge of the marsh .
in july 1971 , garang and several others were executed after being convicted as conspirators in the short - lived coup that toppled the regime of president gaafar nimeiry .
campers , hikers , and motorists are most at risk because of falling trees toppled over by straight line winds .
near homebush , the two 3rd class compartments left the rails and toppled down and embankment .
it is seen in many video games , anime , and wuxia martial arts films , such as " legend of the condor heroes " , where the move " the eighteen dragon 's subduing palms " is used , seen to have toppled a foe three feet away .
trees toppled , roofs were ripped off and power lines fell .
in april 1866 , shortly after " domnitor " cuza was toppled by a " coup d'état " , and just before carol i was selected to replace him , the romanian army intervened to quell a separatist riot in iaşi , instigated by moldavian metropolitan calinic miclescu .
at the same time as cavallero 's dismissal , mussolini ’s government was toppled by the king and newly appointed prime minister pietro badoglio .
sicily was invaded in 1266 by charles i , duke of anjou ; the angevines were however toppled in the 1282 sicilian vespers , and peter iii of aragon invaded the island .
aiello toppled off the building steps and moved around the corner , out of the line of fire .
in october 1974 , after the monarchy was toppled , representatives of the derg ordered seyum mangasha to the capital to face charges of corruption , but instead he fled to the hills .
marble monuments , some tall , were smashed , 26 wrought iron fences were toppled , and 104 cedar , magnolia , and oak trees were lost .
it later played a major role in the coup that toppled the government of king constantine in 1916 , and also in the world war ii battle of crete and the greek resistance which followed .
witnesses report that the child 's body toppled over many times and that its head hit the pavement as well the car itself .
that until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned ; that until there are no longer first - class and second - class citizens of any nation ; that until the color of a man 's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes ; that until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race ; that until that day , the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion , to be pursued but never attained ; and until the ignoble and unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in angola , in mozambique and in south africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed ; until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self - interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and good - will ; until all africans stand and speak as free beings , equal in the eyes of all men , as they are in the eyes of heaven ; until that day , the african continent will not know peace .
as the nguyen were toppled , it was reported that none of their cannons were used in an attempt to quell the uprising .
he actually won the 1934 presidential elections , but these were annulled by the leaders of the military coup that toppled salamanca from power .
seen by most locals as nothing more than an egyptian governor , khalid was toppled soon afterwards by abdullah ibn thuniyyan , of the collateral al thuniyyan branch .
on 14 november 1980 , vieira toppled the government of luís cabral in a bloodless military coup , which led to the paigc in cape verde splitting away and forming a separate party .
although many liberals had contributed to the creation of the " monstrous coalition " ( which had toppled alexander john cuza on february 22 ( february 11 o.s. ) , 1866 ) , the deep resentment of carol 's politics , added to the perception that he had remained a foreigner linked to prussia , had initially led to republican projects advocated by both the most left - wing liberal faction ( the " reds " , led by c. a. rosetti ) and the liberal leader ion brătianu , and ultimately led to " coup d'état plans " .
in january 1921 a massive " blowdow " toppled trees over a wide region between the sol duc and hoh river .
the winds toppled several thatched homes on cozumel .
this was the first parliamentary election since the 1966 coup by the national liberation council which toppled the nkrumah government .
it was toppled by shrubsall , the governor of pendennis , and his men about 1650 during cromwell ’s commonwealth .
when a mongol khan tried to stop the conflict with the tatars , having his daughter married to a son of tatar chieftain , they captured and sent him to the jin dynasty where he was toppled to death .
it rose , a great column nearly as high as nelson 's column , then slowly toppled over .
yrigoyen was re - elected in 1928 , and toppled by a military coup in 1930 .
in 2005 , students stacked over 10,000 colourful wooden dominoes and toppled them in a continuous chain reaction .
between 1346 and 1354 , tai situ changchub gyaltsen toppled the sakya and founded the phagmodrupa dynasty .
support for somoza was withdrawn and he was toppled less than a month later on july 19 .
with his newly gained power , he toppled the traditional monarchy of the kingdom urambo , and installed himself as ntemi ( king ) .
the following month , the german revolution toppled the monarchy and was quickly followed by the armistice that ended the war .
following the derailment , the accident crane used to lift the leading locomotive ( a qrnational clp class ) , toppled over onto a worker , who was hospitalised .
in august 1944 , romania 's king michael coup toppled antonescu and switched sides in the war , rallying with the allies .
bp reported that the drilling derrick ( tower ) on its mad dog platform had been toppled into the sea , adding that it was too early to predict when the platform could resume production .
the republic of china was founded after the xinhai revolution toppled the qing dynasty .
in 1950 , strong winds toppled the congregational church steeple , sending it through the roof of the sunday school room , now the church parlor .
on october 23 , 1955 , diệm toppled bao dai in a fraudulent referendum orchestrated by nhu , and declared himself president of the newly - proclaimed republic of vietnam three days later .
hammond 's digger toppled over in the trench , so he returned with a much larger digger to pull it out , resulting in leaving numerous caterpillar track marks all over the garden lawn .
on june 04 , 1978 , however , the government of lieutenant general f. w. k. akuffo was toppled in a military coup led by flight lieutenant jerry j. rawlings .
their second win came later on the same year after the defeat of dory funk , jr. and larry lane , only to be toppled once again by the hart brothers .
the bell tower was the tallest structure in colonial quito , but was toppled by two earthquakes in 1859 & 1868 .
the couple eventually divorced in 1988 , one year before the romanian revolution toppled and executed nicolae and elena ceauşescu .
european accounts in 1722 ( dutch ) and 1770 ( spanish ) reported seeing only standing statues , but by james cook 's visit in 1774 many were reported toppled .
on 13 december 2007 , prime minister manasseh sogavare was toppled by a vote of no confidence in parliament , following the defection of five ministers to the opposition .
aristide assumed power on 7 february 1991 , but was toppled by a military coup a few months later .
besides playing games , another common use of dominoes is standing them on end in long lines so that when the first tile is toppled , it topples the second , which topples the third , etc . , resulting in all of the tiles falling .
these were subsequently banned by the military regime that toppled the allende government , making exiles and political prisoners out of whole sectors of the chilean artistic and intellectual community .
a hurricane in the fall of 1850 undermined it , and the fourth hurricane of the 1851 atlantic hurricane season toppled the tower in august of that year .
his marriage to eleanor , sister of richard neville , earl of warwick , did him no harm , even after warwick was toppled from power .
in 1983 , the government was suddenly toppled due to the calculated differences among the parliament members and pm thapa was ousted from the prime - ministership .
the stelae depict the ancient rulers of the city , and they show signs that they were deliberately broken and toppled in antiquity ; some were re - erected and repaired .
one manifestation of this was the french general strike that took place in paris in may 1968 , which nearly toppled the french government .
the hawulti was toppled and damaged by ethiopian troops in the short occupation of southern eritrea during the eritrean - ethiopian war .
hence the name of the place " kumbakonam " meaning " pot toppled " in tamil .
as zaleel shah jhoota is toppled in another karnistani military coup , priya duryodhani runs rings around her prosecutors while being tried for subverting the constitution .
within four years , however , a communist insurgency toppled the nationalist government and yale - in - china 's future seemed uncertain in the face of growing hostility between the united states and china .
the game starts off with the end of dark castle , where prince duncan toppled the black knight 's throne .
a pie - shaped gash , penetrating into the centerline of the radford , left a hole from the deck to the waterline , toppled its 5-inch 54-caliber gun and damaged tomahawk cruise missile tubes .
a papier - mâché statue of bush was toppled in an action reminiscent of the much televised pulling down of a statue of saddam hussein in baghdad by american soldiers .
captain aikpé was a member of the military junta - along with captain janvier assogba , captain michel alladaye - who toppled the civilian government headed by president justin ahomadegbé in 1972 .
one monk is said to have cursed the men who were despoiling the abbey and calling upon saint winnin to save his abbey the saint 's statue toppled over and killed three of the earl 's men .
on 14 august 1949 , he supported a coup that toppled and killed za’im , launched by general sami al - hinnawi , an old friend of the people ’s party and an ally of the hashemite royals in baghdad .
in september 2008 , governor bond 's obelisk - the tallest and most prominent monument in the cemetery - was toppled by hurricane ike .
much of the city 's original splendor was destroyed on 31 march 1983 , when an earthquake toppled many buildings .
in imperial china , the non - communist 1911 revolution had toppled the monarchy but failed to secure the new republic of china .
european accounts from 1722 and 1770 mention seeing standing statues , but cook 's expedition who visited the island in 1774 mentioned that several moai were lying face down and had been toppled in warfare .
pueyrredón was elected governor of the province of buenos aires in 1930 , but the elections were invalidated by dictator josé félix uriburu , whose coup d'etat toppled yrigoyen .
both schools have toppled each other over again and again , academically and athletically .
over the years , boulders loosened and toppled away , stairways crumbled , and the gardens filled with weeds .
with locsin 's money and the support of certain elements of the military , montemayor was toppled .
after defeating joe purcell in a runoff , former governor bill clinton that year then toppled republican frank d. white , who had unseated clinton in the ronald w. reagan sweep of 1980 .
a major highlight of the 1989 festival was the combined appearance of both the east berlin and west berlin brass quintets with the abq two months before the berlin wall toppled , a historic collaboration both musically and politically .
city went on to retain the headship for a further two years and a new record of 10 consecutive years of headship was thus set by city before they were eventually toppled in 1962 by 99 's .
on the night of february 13 - 14 , 2005 a landslide resulted ; in which many of the wwii anti - tank blocks around the car park toppled onto the beach .
general juan prim launched a major uprising against the government during o'donnell 's administration that prefigured future events ; the rebellion was crushed brutally by o'donnell , prompting the same sort of criticism that had toppled espartero 's government years earlier .
six years later , the french revolution toppled the bourbon regime .
most damage in the windsor area with ike was confined to downed power lines and toppled tree branches with the wind gusts reaching , with spotty street flooding that made driving completely treacherous in some areas .
as a captain , he took part in the coup of february 11 , 1866 that toppled alexander john cuza , the ruling " domnitor " of the united principalities .
he only served for 14 days , as estrada was toppled by the edsa ii revolution on january 20 .
at the very final stages of construction during a devastating spring flood large chunks of winter ice pushed the building off its foundation and it nearly toppled over .
on june 04 , 1978 , however , the government of lieutenant general f. w. k. akuffo was toppled in a military coup led by flight lieutenant jerry j. rawlings .
the west end was severely affected by hurricane juan in 2003 as the high density of large , older trees in the neighbourhood resulted in many toppled trees , damaged houses , blocked streets and prolonged power outages .
the new manchu empire was toppled by a revolution in 1911 .
noting the importance of soups and stews in european diet , rinaldi proposes that klapmusten were developed to satisfy a foreign demand , noting that the heavy , long - handled , metal spoon that is common in europe would have toppled and chipped the high - walled chinese bowl .
the leeward islands were toppled from the top of the table on 7 october , after losing to barbados in a match where collymore took his first five - for in regional one - day competitions to become man of the match .
consequently , he was toppled by the left - wing of the party and lost his last chance to run for president the next year .
in 1930—1931 the cathedral was defaced : its crosses and bells were toppled over and hauled to the foundries .
art critics victor stochita and anna maria coderch wrote , " it is in effect a deposed , toppled image , stripped of its powers and its connotations .
during the fight , " tuscana " lost her starboard mainmast boom , which was toppled and damaged beyond operational use , and her topping lift was carried away by friendly fire .
marcos would be toppled from power the following year , and fernando 's most prominent rival teehankee would be named chief justice by corazon aquino .
some of the anti - self - government representatives sought to disrupt the territory 's legislature from the inside , and a no - confidence motion toppled labor after only seven months .
typhoon paka damaged 70% of the houses on ailinglaplap atoll , and most of the coconut trees on the atoll were left toppled or damaged .
4,345,028 dominoes were needed to be toppled in order to break the standing world record .
on march 28 , 1962 , yet another coup toppled the civilian administration , and kudsi and azm were both imprisoned .
a career military officer and a lawyer , blanco was one of the leaders of the insurrection that toppled from power hernando siles , who had attempted to extend his term in office in view of the grave challenges posed by the onset of the great depression and other looming political crises .
he undertook this commitment as a way of repaying the soldiers and their families for sacrifices made , but also sought to mobilise them to hold the front and avoid revolution – the announcement came just weeks after the february revolution toppled russia 's tsar .
in the wake of the coup that toppled sihanouk , the lon nol government turned over captured documents to the u.s. disclosing the full extent of his participation in the infiltration effort .
he was the brother in law of general tran van don and together with general duong van minh , the trio organised the 1963 south vietnamese coup which toppled president ngo dinh diem and ended in his arrest and assassination of ngô đình diệm .
in qom he joined the pro - khomeini clique and became a disciple of ayatollah morteza motahhari before the 1979 islamic revolution he was arrested and imprisoned by the shah 's regime three times as a political activist , being released for the last time in february 1979 after the shah had been toppled .
later , bokassa 's officers announced on radio - bangui that the dacko government had been toppled and bokassa had taken over control .
later , the stone was toppled and partially covered with soil .
because of this , 9 people died , either from toppled oil rigs or from drowning while being transported from the rigs .
on 14 july 1958 , a " coup d'état " led by colonel abdul karim qassim toppled the government and brought an end to the iraqi monarchy .
one still stands , as the tallest surviving ancient obelisk on earth ; the other has broken in two and toppled .
as the leader of the uganda national liberation front ( unlf ) , lule was installed as president by neighbouring tanzania who had toppled idi amin with help from the unlf after his failed attempt to annex portions of tanzania ( see uganda - tanzania war ) .
the shortest - lived government in venezuelan history was thus toppled , and chávez resumed his presidency on the night of saturday , 13 april 2002 .
finally , the pyramid is toppled over the food until cooked .
león lost electricity and telephone services as the storm impacted the area , trees were toppled and some houses lost roofs .
fayadh had been the leader of a prominent tribe from southern iraq , the albu amer , and was first elected to an iraqi legislature by the monarchy before it was toppled in 1958 .
his ascension to the throne in bucharest came in the context of patrona halil 's ottoman rebellion , which had toppled ahmed iii and brought mahmud i as sultan ; halil 's downfall in the following year almost brought about racoviţă 's , but he successfully furnished the porte with income provided by raised taxes .
ice was a perpetual threat to screw - pile lights on the chesapeake , and in 1877 the original lens was destroyed when it toppled by shaking from ice floes .
clinton then toppled incumbent republican governor frank d. white in november , who had unseated clinton in 1980 .
the expressway was designed to be earthquake proof , so it did not break up , but toppled onto its side .
the last death caused by the storm was in east aurora , new york near buffalo when the winds toppled a tree onto a motorist .
in 1974 , his education was interrupted by a summons from patriarch abune tewophilos , and returned to addis ababa shortly after the revolution that toppled emperor haile selassie .
a journal with the name " adevărul " was again set up in the immediate aftermath of the 1989 revolution , which had toppled the 50-year old communist regime and its single - party system .
the town was home to the church of st. stephen , which was toppled by the ottoman empire in 1668 .
cal earned a no . 6 seed in the ncaa playoffs , where the bears toppled penn before falling to pittsburgh in the second round .
a law graduate from the sorbonne , dulloo was first elected during the 1976 general elections under the banner of the mauritian militant movement which very nearly toppled the then labour - led government .
abdullahi mohammed hussein of telecom somalia explained this by that " the government post and telecoms company used to have a monopoly but after the regime was toppled , we were free to set up our own business " , the economist cited the telephone industry in anarchic somalia as " a vivid illustration of the way in which governments … can often be more of a hindrance than a help .
presently , there are two well- known figures associated with santa clara : marta abreu de estévez , a beloved native daughter known as " the benefactress of the city " and ernesto che guevara , where he is buried , for having waged there the final battle of the revolution that toppled the fulgencio batista government in 1958 .
the film was banned throughout pakistan as the military junta led by general zia - ul - haq toppled the government of zulfiqar ali bhutto .
false " virtus " inhabited images of the pagan gods , the " idols " of our museums and archaeology , and destroying it accounts for some of the righteous rage with which mobs of christians toppled sculptures , and smashed classical bas - reliefs ( particularly the faces ) , as our museums attest .
an earthquake in 1886 toppled the walls of the main house and north wing .
ramesuan prince who previously retreated to lopburi , returned and toppled him .
he won his first aia award for the bridge house in farmington , ct , a toppled “ l”-form built on a steeply wooded site .
the karthakk system contains three notable planets named maramere , lok , and nod kartha , all of which were under trade federation control until jedi master adi gallia and clone reinforcements arrived , made an alliance with local space pirate nym , toppled the trade federation 's reign of terror in the karthakk system , killed the evil captain cavic toth , and managed to stop his hex missile threat that would have killed thousands on geonosis at the very beginning of the clone wars .
ras " seyoum mengesha was killed during the abortive coup by the imperial bodyguard in 1960 , and was succeeded by his son " ras " mengesha seyoum who served as governor and hereditary prince of tigray until the 1974 revolution toppled the ethiopian monarchy . " ras " mengesha seyoum founded the ethiopian democratic union to oppose the derg regime , and it remains the oldest political party in ethiopia , although it has largely been co - opted into the coalition for unity and democracy today .
all 18 available a7vs had been put into action that day with limited results ; two toppled over into holes , some encountered engine or armament troubles .
after being toppled from top position for one week by lady gaga 's bad romance on the charts of 22 january 2010 , the song returned once again to the top on the chart dated 29 january 2010 for a 6th week at # 1 .
den 's clashes with angie brought " eastenders " to a peak of popularity and toppled rival soap " coronation street " from the top of the ratings chart .
the manifesto called on the protesters to continue their struggle until the government was toppled and a democratic government established in its wake .
apparently , pantazi ghica had played a secondary part in the conspiracy that toppled cuza , as a local commander of the citizens ' guard .
only after the marxist derg revolution that toppled haile selassie and appointed their own patriarch over the church , did the requirement become enforced for prospective baptisees in jamaica to renounce his divinity and cut their dreadlocks .
a high point was when over 1000 colorfully designed foam domino tiles , each over 8 feet tall , that were stacked along the former route of the wall in the city center were toppled in stages , converging in front of the brandenburg gate .
with the walking machine toppled , hyde rips open the top hatch and begins eating the alien inside .
even though part of the final section of the piece did not fall , and three builder 's challenges failed , the number of dominoes toppled was 4,491,863 and the record was broken .
the rhodes earthquake of 226 bc , which affected the island of rhodes , greece , is famous for having toppled the large statue known as the colossus of rhodes .
in december 2007 , solomon islands prime minister sogavare was toppled in a vote of no confidence .
coaches two and three toppled onto their sides and the following three which were pulled round in different directions were left standing broadside against the first pair .
radical governor carlos nielsen appointed him subsecretary of social affairs , serving in that post until the military coup of 28 june 1966 which toppled president arturo illia .
in waukesha , wisconsin , a 300-year old dunbar oak tree was toppled .
after the february 6 , 1934 riots which toppled the second " cartel des gauches " , the majority of the party chose this right - wing strategy , taking the side of the opponents to the republic accused of being " anti - patriotic . "
in popular discourse , pătrăşcanu was also largely identified with positive causes , and remained among the most popular communist figures after the romanian revolution of 1989 toppled the regime .
the prologue to the tale clearly links it with the previous monk 's tale , a relentless and starkly told series of short accounts of toppled despots , criminals and fallen heroes which prompts an interruption from the knight .
on may 29th , 2003 , najeen unveiled an untitled sculpture in the center of fardus square , which is where the famous sculpture of saddam was toppled by a mix of american troops and iraqi citizens .
in 2003 an ice storm that raveged the southern part of west virginia caused for trouble at wvar as the heavy ice toppled over the broadcasting antenna .
in the south , hampshire toppled leaders essex after shane warne , shaun udal and dominic thornely shared out the last six wickets for 34 runs , in what was called a " collapse in spectacular fashion " , securing an eight - run win .
in july 1988 , a no - confidence vote toppled wingti and brought to power rabbie namaliu , who a few weeks earlier had replaced somare as leader of the pangu party .
after a protracted rebellion against the genocidal red king , the warbound , the imperial rebels , and the natives of sakaar toppled the regime in crown city with the death of the red king , placing an initially unwilling hulk on the throne as the green king .
although yugoslavia had reluctantly joined the axis alliance with germany , the yugoslav government was toppled by an anti - german military coup on march 27 , 1941 .
in 1964 she went into exile abroad , after the mnr was toppled from power by generals barrientos and ovando .
the storm closed ski resorts , toppled trees , and created mudslides .
at the chatfield college debate on july 7 , she said of iraq and saddam hussein " we have toppled a terrorist regime , a terrorist madman who now sits in a prison cell .
he also was a member of the team that almost toppled the trinity college ( connecticut ) squash team 's 100 + match win streak .
us - iran diplomatic relations were severed 30 years ago after the islamic revolution toppled the us - backed shah , and the rift has been further aggravated over tehran 's recent controversial nuclear programme of uranium enrichment .
after the 1989 revolution toppled communism , sadoveanu remained an influence on some young authors , who recovered the themes of his work in a postmodern or parodic manner .
an armored caterpillar d9 bulldozer toppled the house where he was hiding , after he was given a chance to surrender and refused .
their rule was toppled by the rebellion incited by davien the betrayer in 5018 .
the lighthouse finally succumbed to the weather when it toppled into the water july 10 , 2005 .
by 1978 , iran was gripped by mass turmoil and there was a significant danger that mohammad reza shah would be toppled by a mass rebellion led by ayatollah ruhollah khomeini .
after refereeing the first six bouts of the april 18 , 1947 , card at the st. nicholas arena in new york , leonard was stricken with a massive heart attack during the first round of the next bout , toppled to the canvas , and died in the ring .
by august 2007 , polling numbers had fallen below 14% , and media commentators speculated that omodei would be toppled and replaced with buswell within six months if he could not improve polling by the end of the year .
when aristide , having been elected president , was toppled and forced into exile by a coup d'etat on september 30 , 1991 , izméry founded the komeveb ( komite mete men pou verite blayi ) organisation , which attempted to discover and publicise the events surrounding the coup and see the return of democratic government .
he is able to mentally control non - gamma - mutated individuals upon touching them , and has toppled a very weakened hulk with his telekinetic blasts .
his physical abilities are generally depicted the same as his comics counterpart , except in one instance when he toppled a huge robot .
the quake damaged virtually all buildings in charleston , creating sand volcanoes , cracked a pier on the cairo rail bridge and toppled chimneys in st. louis , missouri , memphis , tennessee , gadsden , alabama and evansville , indiana .
skylon was scrapped in 1952 on the orders of winston churchill , who saw it a symbol of the preceding labour government , when the rest of the exhibition was dismantled it was toppled into the thames and cut into pieces .
in august 1944 , antonescu was toppled and arrested by king michael i of romania .
following the march 2008 invasion of anjouan , which toppled bacar , halidi was found in hiding , along with mohamed abdou mmadi and ahmed abdallah sourette , on march 29 near domoni and was arrested .
during the uganda - tanzania war , which toppled idi amin , nkozi hospital received extensive damage to both buildings and equipment .
the latter , which is divided into five parts , deals with the history and social structure of egypt from the 18th century up to 1952 when the monarchy was toppled .
in retrospect , he was a more traditional defender than orr and an extremely physical player who nonetheless toppled orr 's career scoring marks , although potvin played 403 more games than orr .
eyewitnesses said that the crane dropped floor by floor during a two to three minute period and finally toppled over as it hit the ground in a cloud of dust .
it was toppled by an earthquake in 1980 and destroyed .
the extent of the cndd 's control remained unclear on 24 december ; although prime minister souaré had gone into hiding , he insisted that the government had not been toppled .
the modern flag was made the official national flag on december 17 , 1928 after the successful northern expedition that toppled the beijing government , though the five - colored flag still continued to be used by locals in an unofficial capacity .
although the 1931 revolt toppled the florencio harmodio arosemena administration , it failed to dislodge the elite ’s structural hegemony , a condition that severely limited the new regime ’s effectiveness .
the name refers to movie trailers , so as a visual pun , the cover of the album shows a toppled truck trailer .
some trees that had survived a 1934 cyclone were toppled by rona in the cape tribulation area .
since the late 1970s afghanistan has suffered continuous and brutal civil war , which included foreign interventions in the form of the 1979 soviet invasion and the recent 2001 us - led invasion that toppled the taliban government .
the polish solidarity movement , which eventually toppled the communist regimes of eastern europe , developed after trade union activist anna walentynowicz was fired from work .
strong winds also accompanied the storm but damage was minimal , though a radio tower pole was toppled by winds in ohio .
during the uprising in the punic mainland , the mercenary troops in corsica and sardinia toppled punic rule and briefly established their own , but were expelled by a native uprising .
on february 11 , 1979 the regime was toppled and sadighi left iran .
caribbean gardens was the host of several amusement rides such as a ferris wheel , merry go round and a chair - o - planes ride until the mid-1990s when these rides were removed amid fears for safety after the chair - o - planes ride toppled over and landed in the lake .
in 1962 the only grain elevator left in govenlock toppled and demolished .
after the february 6 , 1934 riots organised by far - right leagues , the " cartel des gauches " was toppled .
babylonian rule was toppled however in the 540 's , by cyrus , who founded the persian empire in its place .
a letter from governor william bradford said that the storm drowned seventeen native americans and toppled or destroyed thousands of trees ; many houses were also flattened .
on 16 april 1919 , the latvian government of kārlis ulmanis was toppled by the germans , who installed a puppet government headed by andrievs niedra .
nuri was the first prime minister of the new federation , which was soon ended with the coup that toppled the iraqi monarchy .
501 to 5000 stones , most in original location with less than 25% of surviving stones toppled or broken , date from 19th to 20th century .
the drilling derrick was toppled over and was on the sea bed .
he wanted to see saddam toppled even more than the americans did . "
flaming gasoline spilled over the decks and bulkheads as the mast toppled and the forward guns were put out of action .
stopper ( all red ) : these dominoes refuse to be toppled , rebounding any other dominoes that fall against them .
burke later served as opposition leader from 2001 to 2003 before being toppled , but was re - elected as leader in 2005 .
it was discovered by workmen in 1821 toppled over in a field ( now lost ) called ' the daniels ' near the present day water works .
approximate 1 - 20 stones are visible , some not in original location with 25%-50% of the stones being toppled or broken .
in waskaduwa , the rails , and sleepers with them , were torn up for over a mile , with the telegraph posts toppled over along the whole stretch .
the us - led coalition forces toppled the government and captured the key cities of a large nation in only 21 days .
in 1894–95 he briefly worked in barrès ' " la cocarde " ( the cockade ) 's newspaper , although he sometimes opposed barrès on his views on the french revolution . " la cocarde " supported general boulanger who almost toppled the republic in the late 1880s .
the gillies government was easily re - elected in 1889 , but in 1890 the boom toppled over and a sharp recession followed .
it was toppled by another earthquake which shook manila in 1645 .
500 peasants from knonau are said to have toppled waldmann as mayor in 1489 .
in 1964 , guevara supported the military coup d'état that toppled the mnr from power , and once more served as minister of foreign relations , this time to president rené barrientos .
he later engaged in revolutionary journalism and was exiled by the imperial russian administration to siberia whence he was able to return only after the 1917 february revolution toppled down the tsar ’s government .
in the following confused fighting , william 's horse was killed from underneath him , and he toppled to the ground .
the cpc had been expelled from wuhan by their left - wing kmt allies , who in turn were toppled by chiang kai - shek .
benazir could not afford to implement u.s. orders to cut off weapons to hekmatyar 's people because isi would have toppled her government .
after the u.s .- backed coup , which toppled president jacobo arbenz , lead coup plotter castillo armas assumed power .
