influence of toss on outcome .
nottinghamshire outlaws won the toss and batted first , but after nottinghamshire skipper stephen fleming found four boundaries in his twelve - ball 24 , jeremy snape and dinesh mongia tied down the nottinghamshire batsmen .
as the german aimed his rifle to finish him off , inouye managed at last to toss the grenade off - hand into the bunker and destroy it .
two versions were produced : the mk 1 , with a yield of 15 kilotons , and the mk 2 , with a yield of 25 kt. the mk.2 was available in two variants , the no.1 used by high - altitude bombers , and the no.2 variant that was intended for low - level delivery by the toss bombing method , and its " over - the - shoulder " variant referred to as the low - alititude - bombing - system ( labs ) .
winning the toss , kensington skipper jake brown elected to bat and were bowled out for 153 in the 48th over .
he joined the tiger force through a coin toss with another medic .
the home side won the toss and elected to bat first .
he has also voiced in a television series called " modern toss " and has featured in " i want candy ( 2007 film ) " as mr dulberg , a quirky university professor and voiced a character called rolli bobbler in an animated film from finland called " quest for a heart " .
to do this , they would need to retain their 19 incumbent seats , win the four republican - held seats of montana , ohio , rhode island , and pennsylvania ( where democratic chances seem above 50% , and democrats won all 4 . ) and two of the following three " toss up " races : missouri , tennessee and virginia .
after each stunt , the teams returned to their podiums to answer a toss - up question that was related to the stunt for an additional 25 points .
this program would scan for and pack up new outgoing messages , and then unpack , sort and " toss " the incoming messages into a bbs user 's local electronic mailbox or into the bbs 's local message bases reserved for echomail .
england won the toss and chose to bat first and initially scored slowly with mustard taking 15 balls to get off the mark .
as he is about to toss the tickets into a trash can , a girl approaches , and in the " voice " of the tickets , implores him to not waste them .
winning the toss and bowling , scotland did n't quite get the wickets they wanted , the south african martin van jaarsveld top - scoring for kent with 57 while darren stevens smashed 51 off 30 balls towards the end .
dismayed by the manner of lawry 's dismissal , chappell responded with an attacking performance as captain , he won the toss , put england in and dismissed them for 184 , and australia led the first innings by 80 runs , but set 223 to win they folded for 160 and lost the ashes after holding them for 12 years .
he also excelled in track and field , winning the state class 5a title in the discus as a junior and senior ( career best toss of 193'9 " ) .
the pre - match coin toss was won by leeds rhinos .
after the jaguars deferred the opening coin toss , the patriots received the opening kickoff to begin a 10-play , 82-yard drive .
the referee decided to toss a coin and thus arkonia became the champion .
but he is too eager to toss it to murray and it dribbles to the ground."- ny times , october 17 .
a full toss is frequently the result of an unintentional error made while attempting to bowl a yorker , which would land around the batsman 's feet .
competitions include the hammer throw , weight toss , turning the caber , turning the sheaf , kilted mile run and the clan tug - o - war .
the captains meet with the officials for a coin toss , and then one side kicks off to the other , as at the start of a game .
hutton won the toss and opened with bill edrich , but both were out for 25/2 , but peter may made 101 and added 98 with vic wilson ( 29 ) and 76 with tom graveney ( 56 ) .
in the final fifth victory test at old trafford , australia won the toss and batted first .
in the first round , a toss - up question was asked and the team that answered correctly got to choose a bonus question from four possible categories which only the player whom answered correctly could answer .
some of the events include : ball toss , tug - o - war , rugby - ball dribbling races , sack races , and so on .
winning the toss and batting first , yorkshire relied on australians mark cleary and ian harvey to take wickets , as cleary ended with three for 46 and harvey with five for 40 .
a traditional scottish form of divining one 's future spouse is to carve an apple in one long strip , then toss the peel over one 's shoulder .
west indies won the toss , batted first and scored 270 , lebrun constantine 79 and oliver layne 63 adding 117 for the second wicket in 70 minutes .
all four players now competed on a toss - up basis with the player who gave the last correct answer selecting the half - questions .
england lost the toss and were put into bat , on a difficult pitch , and were dismissed for 77 thanks to eight wickets from mcgrath .
yorkshire had won the toss and recorded a 66-run opening stand when the spinners first broke through , panesar having matthew wood caught by robin white .
the missouri contest was seen as vitally important to control of the united states senate ; as a toss - up election between two strong candidates , the race was expected to attract a lot of interest as well as money spent on ads and turning out supporters .
torches are juggling props used in many toss juggling routines .
england won the toss and elected to bat on an ideal batting pitch .
and since i ca n't really hear much more and i think this is not really family viewing , i 'll toss it back to you -- kyra " mona charen of the " national review " said that the interview style was confrontational .
after a bonus category was chosen it was replaced with a new one , and a new toss - up / bonus cycle began until time expired for round one .
the thugs toss sheena and dr. d into the tank , lock it , and then throw it into the water .
when an attempt to poison holohan 's soup failed , a toss of a coin selected lodolce to go to holohan 's room where lodolce shot him twice in the head .
moors sc captain rangana herath won the toss and chose to field first .
nathan summers then recovers enough to toss bishop into the subway but as he attempts to kill hope one last time , bishop is transported to a barren and dead earth ( as a result of his efforts to limit cable and hope 's attempts to find allies and shelter through different time periods ) with a red sun in the sky ( cause unknown ) .
sachin tendulkar won the toss for india and elected to bat first .
hampshire chose to bat first on winning the toss ; they began slowly before a collapse of five wickets for ten runs in eight overs .
krewe float riders toss " throws " to the crowds .
the activist gets fancy angry enough to toss andy off the case but not to kick him out of the 15th , so bobby ( who was disgusted by andy 's comments ) and diane take on the investigation with help from james and greg .
leicestershire chose to bat after winning the toss , and were taken apart by glen chapple and murali kartik , who shared nine wickets , while the highest partnership for leicestershire was worth 53 .
england captain jardine won the toss and elected to bat .
the player can also pick up certain large - sized objects ( parked motorcycles , go - karts or pinball machines ) and toss them over enemies .
warwickshire won the toss at edgbaston and put somerset in to bat .
as part of the event , the panthers sold plastic rats for fans to toss onto the ice during the exhibition game , which saw the participation of at least 19 members of the 1996 team .
3 celtic progressed to the quarter - finals on a coin toss .
northamptonshire won the toss , and put their guests in to bat , and steffan jones got two early breakthroughs as australia were set back to 69 for 3 - damien martyn having spent only 14 minutes at the crease for his 26 - but matthew hayden and michael clarke spent good time in the middle making their centuries .
at the oval , yorkshire phoenix won the toss and batted .
the wrestler who lost the colored disk toss then places one leg in the middle of the central circle and the other leg outside of the central circle .
" do n't toss us away " is a single release by patty loveless , recorded at mca / nashville in the spring of 1988 .
having won the toss and batted first , warwickshire pair of roger twose and dominic ostler ( 94 ) put on 196 , their largest opening partnership of the season .
sam raimi wanted to toss his hero , ash , through a time portal , back into the middle ages .
" pong toss ! frat party games " , known in europe as " beer pong ! frat party games " , is a sports party video game developed by jv games for the wii 's wiiware digital distribution service .
conferring between members of a team is not allowed on toss - up questions ; if conferring occurs on a question , the team is disqualified from answering that question .
warwickshire won the toss at edgbaston and put somerset in to bat .
australia won the toss and batted first and johnson came in at 5/343 to join former south melbourne and victorian team - mate and fellow royal australian air force fighter pilot keith miller .
the captain ordered the crew to toss life preservers and anything else floatable to the people struggling in the water .
hampshire won the toss and chose to bat at a southgate wicket which the final scores suggested to be not as batting - friendly as a month ago , when 13 wickets fell in the championship match between middlesex and glamorgan .
kent captain david fulton won the toss and chose to field , and derbyshire 's australian opener michael di venuto then hit an 80-ball century with twelve fours and a six .
the loser of the colored disk toss then places both of his hands on his opponent 's shoulders .
taylor won the toss and elected to bat on a typically hard and dry waca surface .
it has been shown as sufficient to effortlessly toss a water - filled ocean - liner , despite the underwater viscosity .
australia won the toss and elected to bat .
english skipper yardley won the toss and elected to bat on a rain - affected pitch , something that was regarded as surprising .
in particular , it was said to give the team that wins the toss an even greater advantage than usual .
it then has a short encounter with a farmer 's young daughter , maria , who asks him to play a game with her in which they playfully toss flowers into a lake and watch them float .
the tasmanian captain emerson rodwell won the toss and batted only to see favell out for a duck , thanks to alec bedser ( 3/56 ) as the ball swung heavily .
at the close of each show , lee and lifeson would then toss these special t - shirts into the arms of lucky audience members .
the wrestler who won the colored disk toss then signals to the referee which leg he will place in the middle of the central circle .
once the bullock is ready , people toss a live fish in front of it .
use in place of opening coin toss .
but summer can see he wants to and they both admit they 're a bit disappointed with the outcome of the coin toss .
ties can be solved by picking a name out of a hat or a simple coin toss , leading to anger over the true democratic nature of these caucuses .
gabriel and rich argue over which of them should get to use the apartment that night , and decide to settle the matter with a coin toss .
in its review of " pong toss ! " , 1up.com editor called it distressingly flat as a result of the removal of alcoholic references .
however , in keeping with " jag " tradition , the outcome of the toss is never seen , as the screen fades to black .
england won the toss and captain andrew strauss chose to bat .
though equipped with conventional weapons , the stair step f-84f and f-86h squadrons maintained their proficiency to deliver nuclear weapons by practicing toss bombing .
he was also called up to participate in the 2009 south american youth championship wher ecuador was eliminated early by a coin toss .
at the beginning of the game davies won the toss for wales and chose to play into the strong wind .
england won the toss and batted .
len hutton won the toss and elected to bat on new year 's eve , but soon regretted it .
chilaw marians won the toss in the inaugural final of the international 20:20 club championship , and opted to bat first against faisalabad wolves .
with the series at 3:1 to south africa , england could not affect the result , however they began well by winning the toss and choosing to bat .
england won the toss , and captain andrew strauss chose to bat on a pitch quite uncharacteristic of what would be considered normal at the oval .
all four formats use the toss - up and bonus format in a game consisting of two equal halves .
players are required to give macuilxochitl an item if a toss of the patolli result in no white dots ( all blank sides ) showing .
yardley won the toss and elected to bat .
he also competed in track and field , becoming a georgia state high school shot put champion with a toss of 53 feet and 1 ½ inches .
ohio state won the toss at the start of overtime and chose to be on defense first .
as it was earlier in the film , veeru loses the toss and goes back to the village .
winning the toss and batting at harrogate , the players were indebted to their captain willie quaife , who top - scored with 58 .
middlesex won the toss and batted first at the oval in this relegation clash , where surrey needed to win by 15 points to avoid relegation .
the west indies won the toss and sent new zealand in to bat first .
the painting depicts the central character of the poem , manfred , who is a noble and wealthy aristocrat , about to toss himself from the heights of the jungfrau mountain .
winning the toss and opting to bat at the sheikhupura stadium in lahore , they lost tshabalala early , but williamson and smit sent them back on track with a 61-run partnership .
seattle won the coin toss , but had to punt after three plays .
points are decided as such : for a normal , " toss - up " question , a team that buzzes in and answers correctly gains two points and a bonus question .
south africa won the toss and batted first .
australia won the toss and batted but stumbled early .
david ends up having to go to his grandmothers birthday after he loses a coin toss to the duplicate .
the west indians won the toss , and chose to bat first , nearly regretting it as they lost an out - of - form chris gayle early on as he was caught in close by abdul razzaq off shabbir ahmed .
the bonus rounds differs from the ones in the arcade version , in which the player character is riding on a horseback , chasing after a moving wagon , which features a woman who will toss extra coins and lives to the road for the player to collect .
the toss falls short and the bell is destroyed when it crashes to the floor .
australia won the toss and elected to bat .
about 75 of these are general toss - ups for all players .
later on , pennington threw his third touchdown pass , a 3-yard toss to rookie tight end chris baker , and jordan , who finished the game with 102 rushing yards , closed out the scoring with his second 1-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter .
players continue to toss the ball until there is only one player left , who is the winner .
kneeling power ball toss .
supposedly , workers shoveling sticky clay would toss the shovel full of clay over their shoulders ; once in a while the clay would stick to the shovel , causing the ligaments attached to the spinous processes ( supraspinous ligaments ) to undergo tremendous force , pulling on the spinous process and avulsing it .
in overtime , the steelers won the coin toss and got the ball , but were forced to punt .
since 2000 , the show has also featured toss - up puzzles , which are filled in one letter at a time and can be solved after ringing in with a buzzer .
the " cook political report " rated it " republican toss up " . "
according to legend the decision was made by the toss of a coin , but it is probable that bunbury , the steward of the jockey club , deferred to his host .
goodman captained the side , won the toss and batted first , ollivierre kept with in bancroft 's absence .
matt morris then made up for a dropped pass in the end zone earlier in the game by grabbing a 21-yard td toss from bernard morris .
winning the toss and batting , essex quickly made their way to 55 for 1 , with ronnie irani hitting 34 off 18 balls .
some forms of pitch and toss require the coin to hit the wall to be a valid throw .
then they toss around some red slime that looks like blood .
a slightly different behavior is that of brood parasite birds , such as some species of cuckoos : the cuckoo chick may toss host 's eggs and even host 's chicks out of the nest .
every match begins with a toss - up question .
best won the coin toss , and took the first shift as banting 's assistant .
the coin toss requires just one bit at a time .
campbell won the toss in the 2nd final and again decided to bat first .
tight end jeremy shockey finished the drive on a three yard play - action toss from manning putting new york ahead 14 - 10 .
apollodorus dives in readily and caesar follows , after privately instructing rufio and britannus to toss cleopatra into the water so she can hang on while he swims to safety .
alabama won the overtime coin toss , choosing to play on defense first .
cook rated it as ' republican toss - up ' .
yardley won the toss and elected to bat .
scharf ordered the men to toss overboard any extra weight .
toss juggling .
winning the toss and batting , scottish saltires ' bowlers asim butt , majid haq and paul hoffmann ( who bowled 9 overs for 14 runs ) tied the visitors down to 145 for 5 before blackwell came on .
lancashire had won the toss and batted first , with iain sutcliffe top scoring with 93 , as nine batsmen made it into double figures but only sutcliffe managed a fifty .
england won the toss and declined from 125 - 0 to 245 all out , the last five wickets tumbling for just 22 runs .
the hosts won the toss and sent glamorgan in to bat , and got wickets , admittedly while conceding runs quickly in the process - the final score was 261 in 61 overs .
uh alumnus hakeem olajuwon facilitated the pre - game coin toss .
essex won the toss and chose to bat first , and were bowled out for 267 , kartik taking five and james anderson three wickets .
durham won the toss against leicestershire and elected to bat first at grace road , leicester .
captain mohammad azharuddin won the toss and knowing sri lanka 's ability to chase down totals whilst batting second , put them in to bat first , even though the pitch was predicted to play up under the floodlights .
in a doubles event , the team winning the toss has the choice , as above .
cummings , who had won the coin toss , had chosen the third - of - a - mile rectangular cinder track at the site over the favoured quarter - mile cycling track .
no coin toss was made either .
the count 's son challenges oblio to a one - on - one game of triangle toss ( where participants catch the triangle on their heads ) , which oblio wins .
before play commences , the two team captains toss a coin to decide which team shall bat or bowl first .
yardley won the toss and elected to bat .
reportedly , on the toss of a coin ( " heads is new york or nashville or where i decide ! , tails is san diego " ) , he and harold moved west .
cork won the toss and played with the wind for the opening thirty minutes as rain severely hampered the game .
after the name is announced , in some event , the driver would be given a toss up by competitors , a common tradition in some sports and usually the spectators will be invited onto the track .
the story states that the dispute was finally settled by a coin toss , with the first image going to san luis anáhuac and the latter to san luis taxhimay .
archdale won the toss and chose to bat .
" paper toss " is a game for the iphone / ipod touch developed by backflip studios .
he appears in the episode " ring toss " , and in the finale " lost heroes " , both times voiced by dermot mulroney .
having tied the keel pallav end into a skirt , you measure off the pallav and toss it over the shoulder , out of the way .
australian captain ricky ponting chose to bat after winning the toss . adam gilchrist and
however , they later discover mak 's deception and toss him on a blanket as a punishment .
along with ford , the album features band members toss panos ( drums ) , travis carlton ( bass ) and neal evans ( keyboards ) .
he declared that exposure of his true character held no terror for him as ; " there 's not one single person round here that i give a toss about " , only for sharon to step out from the shadows behind him .
australia won the toss and elected to bat , allowing lindwall further time to recover .
before game captains toss for ends.11 .
an ante paid by every player ensures that a player who folds every round will lose money ( though slowly ) , thus providing all players with an incentive , however small , to play the hand rather than toss it in when the opening bet reaches them .
when the film was finished , host summers asked seven toss - up questions about that film to the players .
misbah followed by taking six off a full - toss ; pakistan needed just 6 runs to win from the last four balls .
after the february 2 , 1959 , performance at the surf ballroom in clear lake , iowa , holly , richardson ( who pleaded with waylon jennings for his seat because he was stricken with flu ) , and valens ( who had won tommy allsup 's seat after a coin toss ) were taken to the nearby mason city airport by anderson .
a sports cage is an inflatable cage that holds up a backdrop that resembles a sport ( e.g. baseball , american football , soccer , golf ) in which you throw , toss , hit or kick a ball at a marked spot on the backdrop .
iraq , iran and syria qualified as groups winner , a toss between qatar and saudi arabia decided on the ' best ' runners - up also qualifying for the semifinals ; saudi arabia won .
trumpeter herb alpert performed our national anthem , while pro football hall of fame wide receiver don hutson participated in the coin toss ceremony ( the game happened to coincide with hutson 's 75th birthday ) .
it captured her iconic toss and was placed near the spot where it occurred ( the actual location was in the middle of the street ) .
on the march 25 , 2002 episode of " raw " , vince mcmahon won a coin toss to determine who would receive the first draft selection .
saeed anwar won the toss for pakistan and elected to bat first .
the sleeping beauty problem is a puzzle in probability theory : a sleeper is to be wakened once or twice according to the toss of a coin , and asked her credence for the coin having come up heads .
winning the toss and batting , scottish saltires ' bowlers asim butt , majid haq and paul hoffmann ( who bowled 9 overs for 14 runs ) tied the visitors down to 145 for 5 before blackwell came on .
on the second day , which was also shortened , sussex scored 225 for 2 after glamorgan won the toss and put them in .
osu won the coin toss , deferring to the 2nd half ; oregon received the opening kickoff .
the kids then toss hammer back over the fence as he cries out , " you 're not supposed to touch this ! "
the day began with england winning the toss , and choosing to bat first , thus giving shane warne a chance to become the first man to take 600 test wickets in england 's first innings , and he did so against marcus trescothick who mistimed a sweep shot and was caught behind by australian wicket - keeper adam gilchrist , earning warne a standing ovation from the old trafford crowd .
as of october 14 , 2008 ( three weeks before election day ) , " the rothenberg political report " considered the race to be a toss up .
as the par scores under duckworth - lewis were level , the captains agreed to have a bowl - off ( alternatively the umpires could have forced a bowl - off or decided the game on a toss of the coin ) .
there are free games that include catch the crepe , a dunking booth , and american football toss .
while weightless in the toss , the atoms are measured to set the frequency of an atomic clock .
if the contestants begin the round tied , they are asked a toss - up question to determine who plays first .
english skipper norman yardley won the toss and elected to bat on a rain - affected pitch .
having won the toss and batted , lancashire regularly lost wickets , and the innings of australian marcus north was symptomatic - he made a 19-ball 2 .
( if coin land on its edge , then re - toss the coin . )
+ the match awarded to panathinaikos after the toss of a coin .
as two wrestlers hit the hip toss on a single opponent , both wrestlers catch the legs of the opponent as he / she flips over so that both have a hold of one arm and leg of their opponent .
he also participated in the coin toss in super bowl xxxiii along with his former teammates , in honor of the 40th anniversary of the 1958 nfl championship , which is also known as " the greatest game ever played " .
for the second half , the teams switch ends , and the team that won the coin toss kicks off .
but when it came time for the coin toss before the game , i started to go out and looked around for those guys .
at chester - le - street durham dynamos won the toss and put sussex sharks in to bat .
if a match is abandoned before the toss , it is not considered to have been played at all , and does not count for records .
india won the toss and elected to bat first , as rain was expected to hit later in the day .
oklahoma won the coin toss and deferred to the second half .
a example of his interview style prior to an upcoming bout between the sheik and haystacks calhoun abdullah farouk looked into the camera and said " ashes to ashes dust to dust if the camel clutch does n't get you calhoun the fire must " alluding to the sheik 's ability to toss fireballs
he was one of the many employees of the airport who needed little urging to toss an expensive looking suitcase or a crate of television sets onto a passing truck heading off the runway .
their modus operandi is to take an innocent person and force them at gunpoint to rob banks for them , take the money and toss them out of their moving car , which they just so happen to steal their current one from nick .
with 11:44 remaining in the third quarter , florida increased its lead to 23 - 0 when leak hooked up with jackson for a 26-yard scoring toss , jackson 's third touchdown reception of the game .
in one version of the game the idea is to toss an egg so it falls on the ground without breaking .
the coin toss ceremony featured marie lombardi , the widow of pro football hall of fame green bay packers head coach vince lombardi .
when the president is shot , enrique rushes onto the stage to protect the mayor and is tackled by barnes , and while being detained sees veronica toss the bag under the podium , which explodes .
having won the toss again , stephen fleming elected to bat first but once more new zealand failed to produce a competitive total and south africa chased it down comfortably .
on the first morning , openers michael slater and captain mark taylor made the most of winning the toss , advancing to 87/0 at lunch untroubled by the england bowlers , with taylor making a fluent half - century .
the initial serving side is decided with by coin toss .
( the parfitian answer would be , " the concept of personal identity does n't apply . " ) copies need not be strictly identical in the sense of the identity of indiscernibles relativized to universes : all of my copies see a coin spinning in a coin toss , but an instant later half my copies see ' heads ' come up , the other half see ' tails ' .
he is best known for hitting a steve waugh full toss on the last ball in an odi at hobart in 1992 - 93 for six , when pakistan needed 7 runs to win , thereby tying the match .
general david petraeus performed the actual coin toss .
they read from " revolutionary " texts ( including amiri baraka ) and toss their rifles to each other , from man to man , as if in an assembly line , readying for an impending battle .
on toss - ups , the first player to signal gets the chance to answer .
receiving the opening kickoff of the second half due to their deferral of the opening coin toss , the jets took the lead in barely a minute .
this is done so that " f"("x " ) can be computed in polynomial time , given the coin - toss sequence from the mapping , " x " , and " f"("y1 " ) ... , " f"("yk " ) .
thereafter henry 's friends would always toss archie in a blanket when they saw him .
toss - ups .
the term " toss juggling " is only used by a very small subset of jugglers to distinguish between " pure juggling " ( throwing and catching juggling ) and the wider range of circus skills usually associated with the term " juggling " like diabolo , devilstick , cigar boxes and more .
yorkshire phoenix won the toss and chose to bat , and immediately lost both openers at derby .
realizing that the king may toss anne aside for her , jane refuses to become the king 's mistress and instead drops heavy hints of marriage .
leicestershire foxes won the toss at grace road , leicester and elected to bat .
brooklyn won the coin toss to decide home - field advantage in the series .
the game begins with a coin toss to decide who goes first .
each match has exactly 25 questions ( that is , 25 toss - ups and 25 bonuses in corresponding categories ) .
the first preliminary match was set by the team who won a coin toss .
starting with the child who won the toss - up identity , each child chose one number revealing a picture from the top half of the puzzle board , and one number revealing a scrambled word from the bottom half .
the show , and the catch phrase used gasciogne ( and later paxman ) before each toss - up question , " your starter for 10 , " was the inspiration for the novel " starter for 10 " , and the subsequent film .
toss juggling is at once : a performance art , a sport , a form of exercise and meditation , a recreational pursuit , and often simply child 's play .
the number is performed by shirley maclaine along with five male dancers as they toss and thrash her about .
an example of a random variable of mixed type would be based on an experiment where a coin is flipped and the spinner is spun only if the result of the coin toss is heads .
on the coin toss for overtime patriots captain vincent brown protested the vikings team captain 's call because he called after the coin landed on the ground .
england 's mind games paid dividends when ricky ponting did just that , as michael vaughan admitted that if he had won the toss , he 'd have batted , and as the match progressed , it became clearer and clearer that the pitch would take plenty of turn near the end .
warner loss the toss and by the end of the first day warwickshire were 456/9 with dick lilley scoring 55 in an hour and john hill scoring 145 in 200 minutes .
he would take the pack out of the goblet and toss them , and they would melt in mid - air .
after an overhead toss , dada was too weak to teleport again , allowing ultraman to blast him in the face with his specium ray .
the doctor is warning the police that if they do n't meet his impossible demands , he will toss a hostage out the window to their death every ten minutes .
cena was legitimately injured in the match , and as a result , the following night on " ecw on sci fi " , mr. mcmahon vacated the wwe championship because cena 's right pectoral tendon was legitimately torn while executing a hip toss during his match with kennedy .
in a tournament first , the exact tie for first place in block a between togi makabe and hiroshi tanahashi was decided by a coin toss .
zack snyder clearly gives a toss , creating a smart , stylish , decent adaptation " .
given that the frequency approach can not deal with " a single toss " of a coin , and can only address large ensembles or collectives , the single - case probabilities were treated as propensities or chances .
mears won the toss .
pettygrove , from portland , maine , won the toss , and the town site became known as portland , oregon .
blackstone lowered the cage and then seemed to toss it into the air : bird and cage " disappearing " in the process to the astonishment and delight of the surprised children .
winning the toss , warwickshire batted aggressively in their first innings .
capping the kansas drive was a 13-yard toss by reesing to henry for a touchdown .
edd mayfield was described as " a handsome , tought - as - barbed - wire cowpuncher , who literally grew up on a ranch , who could ride hard , lasso accurately , and literally toss and tie up a bull … and had the wiry strength of a gymnast . "
toss it and hollar boom !
they were eliminated by coin toss .
in the season , he settled into his role as the left - handed specialist in the bullpen of the philadelphia phillies and promptly proceeded to toss career numbers , posting a 4 - 0 record and an era of 2.24 .
after many of the cockerels players apparently stayed out until 6 am in amsterdam the night before the match , they lost the toss and kicked into a stiff breeze in the opening term .
he called for his friend and co - worker harry ruby to join him in writing down the flurry of songs that berlin would create , including " god bless america " , which berlin would eventually toss out of the play for being too sticky .
the teams met at the oval for the deciding test and australia could manage 275 after winning the toss with lindwall striking a quickfire 62 noted for an array of off drives to top score and push the total to respectability .
this is known as the toss .
those colours would look identical to the viewers on their black and white televisions so leicester , having lost the toss switched to white .
besides the regular items found in singleplayer mode , the glove ( allowing bomberman to pick up and toss bombs ) and speed increases can be found in multiplayer .
