the park 's main office is close to the shipwreck site of the infamous pirate trader bully hayes , and it is rumoured that hayes buried some treasure somewhere in the forest .
buy & sell is a division of trader corporation , the canadian leader in print and online vertical media .
he was subsequently hired by kidder peabody where he emerged as an elite trader .
limantour , was a breton trader and sea captain who traded all along the pacific coast from valparaíso to california .
as viva ! usa ’s executive director , in cooperation with activists across the country , she also brought corporate changes to such powerful companies as whole foods market , trader joe 's , and pier 1 imports .
jake bernstein has written more than 41 published books and research studies on futures trading , stock trading , trader psychology and economic forecasting .
consumer , trader and tenancy tribunal of new south wales .
both thomas kelly and the fruit trader walter cole were popular dublin corporation aldermen ; john o'mahony was a hotel proprietor ; henry dixon was a lawyer and influential irb veteran ; and seumas mcmanus , the nationalist novelist , already had a flourishing reputation on both sides of the atlantic .
" the coffee trader " is a novel by david liss set in 17th century amsterdam .
common names include star jasmine and trader 's compass .
he is the son of the late amos hostetter , who was a prominent trader at commodities corporation .
the trader now receives 75 cents in total for the red party and green party contracts , and has an additional 30 cents from the sale of the blue party contract .
john h mccall macbain is the founder , president , and chief executive officer of trader classified media , one of the world 's largest classified advertising companies .
richard henry gardyn bonnycastle ( august 25 , 1903 - september 29 , 1968 ) was a canadian lawyer , fur trader , adventurer , and a businessman who helped found and then owned the romance novel publishing company , harlequin enterprises .
magnus heinason or mogens heinesøn ( 1545 - 18 january 1589 ) was a faroese naval hero , trader and privateer .
now on fire shardik pursues genshed and when the slave trader hides under a rock , shardik uses the last of his strength to split it open and rip genshed to pieces with his claws .
in new orleans , louisiana , celeste wood 's life is changed in a blinding flash when a failed day trader at her husband 's stock brokerage firm shows up at his former workplace with a semiautomatic handgun and opens fire on his former colleagues , including celeste 's husband ; shooting himself in the head soon after .
the pierre menard house , located in ellis grove , illinois , u.s.a. , was the home of pierre menard , a trader who became the first lieutenant governor of illinois from 1818 to 1822 .
the bored boy , whose father dealt with a wood trader , walked along a line of parked cars , staring through their windows , to see the tachometers .
rogers expects to receive orders that permit him to appoint a deputy governor so that he can lead the search for the northwest passage himself , but such orders are not included with the authorization for the expedition , so the group leaves without rogers ( or elizabeth , potter and ann ) , with tute and a trader named stanley goddard in command .
the percentages are considered outrageous to the captain of the " edinburgh trader " , a vessel in the caribbean in " dead man 's chest " .
in 1841 , the couple moved to the uruguayan capital of montevideo , where giuseppe garibaldi worked as a trader and schoolmaster before taking command of the uruguayan fleet in 1842 and raising an " italian legion " for that country 's war against argentine dictator juan manuel de rosas .
pierre gaultier de la vérendrye was active as a fur - trader and explorer in the west even after his father was relieved of his command in 1744 up to 1749 when he finally returned east and re - entered the army .
clarke had also built his popularity and name recognition as a prominent fur trader .
born in frederikshald , he was the son of the trader erik anker ( 1709 - 1785 ) .
floor trader .
its competitors are " active trader " and " technical analysis of stocks & commodities " , among others .
though his claim paid only moderately , clark invested his earnings in becoming a trader , driving mules back and forth between salt lake city and the boomtowns of montana to transport eggs and other basic supplies .
on 19 january 2007 russian parliament adopted legislation which created atomenergoprom - a holding company for all russian civil nuclear industry , including energoatom , the nuclear fuel producer and supplier tvel , the uranium trader tekhsnabexport ( tenex ) and nuclear facilities constructor atomstroyexport .
kearny established a joint civil and military government with charles bent , a santa fe trail trader living in taos , as acting civil governor .
anthony beale ( fur trader ) .
having stopped off to pick up some scotch and now already drunk , the narrator goes to trader jj ’s , a san francisco bar he frequents .
the founder of auto trader in the united kingdom was john madejski in 1975 , who went on to take over reading football club in 1991 .
keith collantine reviewed the book for auto trader , and commented that tremayne " has done justice to a very awkward subject matter " awarding the book a score of 8 out of 10 .
robbie burns , best selling author of the naked trader .
the tenants took their concerns to the consumer , trader and tenancy tribunal where conciliation efforts failed .
the detroit red wings drafted trader with their 3rd pick ( 86 overall ) in the 1981 nhl draft .
widderich settled in büsum as a trader around 1412 .
by 1814 lucier had joined that company and became a trader for them , and then married a native american woman and moved to the willamette valley by 1814 .
a trader on one end ( the “ buy side “ ) must enable their trading system ( often called an “ order management system ” or “ execution management system ” ) to understand a constantly proliferating flow of new algorithmic order types .
the village was established in 1871 by a trader , george westbeech , who set up camp here .
prospectors and settlers later poured in to the areas that " old jed " smith had trail - blazed as a trapper and fur trader , during the subsequent gold rush .
an option trader who considers a long iron condor is one who expects the price of the underlying instrument to change very little for a significant duration of time .
in 1773 he built a vessel at liverpool , nova scotia to return to the sea , as a trader , where he had begun - as a youth .
they have also run " support small trader " campaigns and claim to be the heirs to the poujadist tradition .
he had no means of paying a large debt that he owed to james hunter , a scottish trader .
the story centers on sherman mccoy , a white , millionaire , new york city bond trader with a wife and young daughter .
he gave presents , and later licensed an american trader for them .
in 1901 , he was elected to the australian senate for tasmania as a free trader .
in 1841 sir robert peel became conservative prime minister and richard cobden , a leading free trader , was elected for the first time .
robert mackenzie ( died 15 may 1853 ) was a trader and co - founder of the " mackinnon mackenzie company " , now known as inchcape plc .
in autumn 2006 the exmouth market trader 's association decided to reinstate exmouth market 's street market .
growing up playing hockey , trader developed into a mobile defenceman with a great shot from the blueline .
he is the son of kalil maiga , a chief city district and arkia baba ascofaré , a notable trader in timbuktu .
the mai tai drink was first concocted in oakland in 1944 , and became very popular with military and civilian customers at trader vic 's restaurant located at san pablo avenue and 65th , very close to berkeley and emeryville .
however , it was not the first such game ; the genre - defining " star trader " had been written as long ago as 1974 .
originally , the tf-1 trader was a carrier onboard delivery aircraft , whose primary mission was the consignment of personnel , mail , and critical parts for the naval carrier vessel itself .
in addition , long trader sibley refused the santee sioux access to food until the funds were delivered .
the seller delivers the underlying asset to the buyer , or , if it is a cash - settled futures contract , then cash is transferred from the futures trader who sustained a loss to the one who made a profit .
a trader has sold 75 put contracts on xyz corp. stock , struck at $ 50 and expiring on saturday , october 20 , 2006 .
buchanan 's television work includes appearances in " secret valley " , " runaway island " , " island trader " " a country practice " , " stingers " and " hey dad .. ! " .
the pilot and finale are two notable episodes that exist on the trader 's circuit .
also on the island is an upscale , pantry style grocery store , " miss cordelia 's " , which is similar to a trader joe 's or whole foods , but on a smaller scale .
chunnilal devkaran nanjee , known as " desai " , was a twentieth century indian commodity trader , financier , and philatelist .
it was discovered by people of european descent about 1735 , the first recorded instance being one robert smith , an indian trader .
the threads of this storyline continue in the title " silver surfer " , as death does not forget the manipulation and wipes three elders - the astronomer ; possessor and trader - from existence when they attempt to disrupt the cosmic balance by attempting to kill fellow cosmic entity galactus .
carr was a successful futures trader as part of that program for several years and after it was disbanded ran his own investment management firm throughout the 1990s .
whilst completing his formal education , he worked for two years as a part - time street trader at bell st market in london .
he began his career as a simple blacksmith , was named constable of hingham , then launched himself on a career as a trader and entrepreneur , becoming a shareholder in the fishing company and engaging in navigation as a shipowner .
harum was an inveterate horse - trader and considered engaging in the dubious practices long associated with this activity as morally justified by the expectation that similar practices would be employed by his adversary .
he graduated from the university of massachusetts at amherst with a degree in mechanical engineering and worked as an engineer , a repo man , a dishwasher in cape cod , a stock day trader , a gardener and a real estate investor , prior to getting into open poker games in california .
ottawa , or alternatively " odawa " or " odawu " derives either from the term " trader " or a truncated version of an ottawa phrase meaning people of the bulrush .
milken – as a bond trader for drexel burnham lambert group inc. - was successful selling high - risk , high - yield bonds issued by struggling or under - capitalized companies .
he should not be confused with his nephew of the same name , also a fur - trader , whose journal was published in 1897 in 3 vols .
in 1885 , ebono sent m'ebobo to be raised by banoho issamba , a batanga man who had come to prominence as a trader in the coastal settlement of kribi .
in particular , the ac / dc , specials , robin trower , ian gillan , cars , police and u2 dvds , cds and tapes are commonly found advertised on trader 's sites .
trader joe 's makes a version called simply goddess dressing , which is made with tahini and is not green , but rather closer to the color of thousand island dressing .
moreover , a trader can see what happens when he follows an intuition , and —
keyboardist eric denton currently owns guitar trader in san diego , california .
he was the son of a russian - polish clothing trader and his wife who both died in the auschwitz concentration camp .
blanks and postage ( often abbreviated b&p ) is a method of acquiring recordings , typically live music , by mailing blank cd - rs or dvd - rs and a self - addressed stamped envelope to an experienced trader .
he was a disciple of jean - baptiste say to whom he succeeded in 1833 to the chair of political economy at the conservatoire des arts et métiers , and a free trader .
the trader was accused of forging the certificate , and was held by the belgian court to be in breach of the law .
in the 1970s , one of the last man - made marinas in the san francisco east bay was built in emeryville ; named watergate , the emeryville marina is home to a mixed use development including two marinas ( one public , the other private ) , a park , a residential condominium community known as watergate , a business park with several office buildings , and several restaurants , including hong kong east ocean and the historic trader vic 's .
it tells the story of the wife of a peculator who has an affair with a wall street trader ( jerry stafford ) to keep her husband out of prison .
in the general election of 1906 croft stood at lincoln against a conservative free trader but failed to win the seat .
" rogue trader " tells the true story of nick leeson , an employee of barings bank who after a successful spell working for the firm 's office in indonesia is sent to singapore as general manager of the trading floor on the simex exchange .
for example an " all - or - none " buy limit order is an order to buy at the specified price if another trader is offering to sell the full amount of the order , but otherwise not display the order .
a monger is a merchant dealer or trader ( a pedlar is a travelling vendor of goods ) .
during his time as cad director , ang headed the prosecution for cases such as that of former member of parliament choo wee khiang and barings bank trader nick leeson .
there are also trader flaps which are unrestricted .
katarina vilioni was an italian woman , member of a trader family in yangzhou , china , during the 14th century .
in 1853 he removed to khartum and became an ivory trader .
one such illegal trader , captain jenkins , had his ear cut off as a punishment in 1739 which caused outrage in britain .
he was born in bradford , england and became an agent , merchant and trader by career .
in the story , a tinkerer and trader hiram taine finds out that his house contains peculiar creatures who repair and upgrade things in interesting ways and transforms parts of his house to some substance impervious to harm .
any tick sensitive instruction can be entered at the trader 's option , for example buy on downtick , although these orders are rare .
from 1838 - 1840 , beckwourth was an indian trader to the cheyennes on the arkansas river , working out of fort vasquez , colorado , near platteville , colorado .
the hindi word " bania " is derived from the sanskrit vanika ( वणिक)or trader .
he first worked as a street - trader and then as a mechanic at a local factory .
the thames trader model range covered weights from 2 to 7 tons , powered by either petrol or diesel engines in four- or 6 cylinders guises .
joseph rolette ( 23 october 1820 – 16 may 1871 ) was a well known american fur trader and politician during minnesota 's territorial era and the civil war .
in 2001 he won the role of gay bar owner simon trader on the ten network series " the secret life of us " .
an initial idea for a comedy set in the world of football had already been rejected by the bbc , as had his alternative idea , a sit - com centring around a cockney market trader in working - class , modern - day london .
a party consisting of mr. palmer , consul in damascus , mahommed ibn bassam , a gold trader , and mccallum drove from syria to baghdad in three cars , a buick , an oldsmobile , and a lancia .
the building was originally used for training and the storage of arms and ammunition , but has been converted for use into a trader joe 's grocery store and the pennsylvania veteran 's museum . "
robert gray , a boston fur trader and whaler who sailed partway up the columbia river in 1792 , named the river after his ship , " columbia rediviva " .
the trader had purchased his whisky in france , where no such measure existed , therefore he made his own certificate of authenticity .
his father was a fur trader and moved the family to saginaw , michigan and milwaukee , wisconsin , where he grew up .
forward premium compensates the trader by building in a premium for the forward months .
the only knarr found to be well preserved was in a shallow channel in roskilde fjord in denmark of 1962 along with two warships , a baltic trader , and a ferryboat .
a french trader , by the name of estienne morin , had been involved in high degree masonry in bordeaux since 1744 and , in 1747 , founded an " ecossais " lodge ( scots masters lodge ) in the city of le cap français , on the north coast of the french colony of saint - domingue ( now haiti ) .
a trader takes a " long " position by buying low and selling high .
cofco group is china 's largest food processing , manufacturer and trader .
family : in 1888 , she married wine trader per samuel skogh ( 1849 - 1904 ) .
when the " princess of tasmania " left the route the australian trader swapped with her , and " empress of australia " replaced the " princess of tasmania " on the melbourne - devonport trade .
colossus was created as mention for the zoats species , a discontinued tyranid species from the first edition of " warhammer 40,000 " , " rogue trader " .
prima facie , a law that imposes a prohibition or requirement on both interstate and intrastate trade , or upon a particular interstate trader , is not protectionist .
m. rousseau was living at his ' rousseau house ' when john graves simcoe arrived with toronto 's first settlers and the french fur trader guided the new governor 's ship into toronto bay ( now toronto 's harbour ) .
for example , a sole trader 's business activities will be regulated ( unless it 's a small business ) , but information gathered outside business activities wo n't be ;
although no physical evidence was ever produced to confirm this , haarmann was known to be an active trader in contraband meat .
trader bob .
this fact was published in the video trader and also the star observer , capital q , daily telegraph and many other publications asserting the ground breaking release .
rigolet ( population 350 ) is a remote , coastal labrador inuit community established in 1735 by french - canadian trader louis fornel .
the cromer lifeboat made two attempts to get a line to the " english trader " with out any success .
harris tweed hebrides is chaired by former uk government minister brian wilson and the main investor is his friend ian taylor , president of oil trader vitol .
from there , he began a career as a trader , traveling various rivers while establishing his trade routes .
after a series of jobs , which included time as a gold prospector , goat trader , and professional safari hunter , he joined kenya 's game department in 1938 and was senior game warden of the northern frontier district .
jacques - timothée boucher , sieur de montbrun , anglicized as timothy demonbreun (; b. montreal , québec , canada , 1747 , d. nashville , tennessee , usa , 1826 ) was a french - canadian fur trader , an officer of the american revolution , lieutenant - governor of the illinois territory and is known as the " first citizen " of nashville , tennessee .
his father was a coal trader and his mother a housewife who spoke english and french in addition to arabic .
in 1828 lucien fontenelle , a french - american fur trader representing the american fur company , bought the post and became the lead agent .
he is happy when he gets the opportunity to change his profession to that of trader of silkworm eggs .
the company 's low priced charles shaw wine which is sold exclusively by trader joe 's markets along with the company 's other labels have attracted new entry level wine consumers to the fold but also has alienated many of the smaller vintners in the state by placing some downward pressure on pricing .
the simple form of this algorithmic trader allows it to serve as a convenient tool to explore and identify properties that can be attributed to various kinds of market institutions .
he was the leader of the brigade and the head trader .
candra recognized remy from an encounter that had taken place in her past but in his future ( due to a time travel mission to the 19th century remy would take as an adult ) and sold them to the deformed , mutant gangster and child slave trader known as the pig , who planned to sell them and others their age to hydra as boy soldiers .
his father was jean joseph rolette , often referred to as joe rolette the elder , a french - canadian and a trader himself .
the cardinal river , and other surrounding landmarks , are named for jacques cardinal , a local fur trader .
as of june 2008 , there were 25 employees , including 9 analysts and 1 trader .
" trader tom of the china seass official release date is 11 january 1954 , although this is actually the date the sixth chapter was made available to film exchanges .
they were led initially by john gantt , a former u.s. army captain and fur trader who was contracted to guide the train to fort hall for $ 1 per person .
the first kola farm and the dominant trader in kola , mohammed shitta bey were orchestrated by saros .
a charismatic scots - born toronto wharfinger and trader , george laidlaw took up the challenge .
after escaping the fearsome manji tribe , alan , peter and judy , encounter the malicious and cunning trader slick who holds a valuable artifact that can release alan from jumanji , a " get out of jumanji free " card .
by june 1838 , jean baptiste beaubien , a veteran trader in chicago , and john p. bradstreet had become partners with mack and began selling lots in pecatonic .
marco polo was a venetian trader and explorer who gained fame for his worldwide travels , recorded in the book " il milione " ( " the million " or " the travels of marco polo " ) .
his father was a clothing trader who set up a business making waterproof clothing in the yiddish - speaking part of paris , called the pletzl , in the district of the marais .
among them was omar ibn said , a muslim scholar and trader , known for authoring many slave narratives documenting african islam , the turmoil of integration into a foreign culture , life in africa , and life as a slave in the americas .
yellow bear was murdered in 1872 near fort laramie during a fight with the controversial white trader john richard jr.
roger stevens , a motor trader , and his wife ann , were convinced that the future of the licenced trade lay in providing value for money cooked meals .
bolling was the recipient of the maybach man of the year award at the trader monthly awards , january 17 , 2007 .
muskata , was the son of a german spice trader , thus the name muskata ( muskat is german for nutmeg .
it was founded in 1616 by guerte jansdochter de wael , daughter of a rich textile trader , for poor women of the dutch reformed faith .
by purchasing what it expects to be uninformed order flow , a market - maker can buy at the bid and sell at the ask with less risk of trading at a loss than with an informed trader who knows that the market is mispricing the security .
j.b. dix , also known as the armorer , has been ryan cawdor 's closest friend and travelling companion since both men worked for and travelled with the trader .
william becknell was a trader who wanted to travel to santa fe with goods .
alberta wheat pool continued to thrive and established itself as a world grain trader , supplier of crop input supplies and began to diversify .
scott is a trader in the deer antler trade with vinay del zexay .
robert campbell ( fur trader ) .
as he is eating the food packs , a fur trader arrives in a float plane some time after because he caught the transmitter 's signal .
a stock trader believes that the stock price of company a will rise over the next month , due to the company 's new and efficient method of producing widgets .
" an historical relation of the island ceylon together with somewhat concerning severall remarkable passages of my life that hath hapned since my deliverance out of captivity " is a book written by the english trader and sailor robert knox in 1681 .
gallant was a merchant , trader and brick manufacturer .
thomas mcdonnell , snr . ( 1788 in county antrim , ireland – 13 september 1864 in onehunga , auckland ) was a timber trader and additional british resident in new zealand .
euromoney has stated that it provides the trader community with a way of quickly digesting information .
a city trader in the reality of our own earth , adrian is , at first , apparently not connected to the other characters or the concern .
auto trader publishing owns and operate the nation ’s largest paid and free magazine distribution system and employs more than 10,000 people throughout 211 cities in 47 states with operations in canada and the uk , as well as sales representatives in belgium , germany , australia and china .
cruzatte had formerly been a trader on the missouri river for the chouteau fur interests .
in politics he was a federalist and a webster whig , but remained all his life a free - trader .
the trader 's subsequent murder leads nightbeat to a gigantic metallic underground sea , where he is ambushed by an unfamiliar group of transformers ( the micromaster sports car patrol ) and captured .
in the end , currer and althesea are auctioned to the notorious slave trader , dick walker .
keith topping 's book " the complete clash " calls the squeaky voice at the song 's start a child 's voice , it is in fact not a child 's voice but that of a market trader shouting " four for a pound your face flannels , three for a pound your tea towels " .
she operated in baltic waters as a coastal trader until 1975 when she crossed the atlantic to new york .
starting with battle network 2 , anytime a chip trader is used , the game will automatically save when the player receives their new chip .
after a ménage with the jewel trader max lincoln ( # 38 - 100 ) , in the last numbers she gets engaged with kriss hunter , a black private detective .
by 1730 , he had become a permanent resident of the colony and was successful as a merchant and trader .
high - volume issues such as intel or microsoft generally have a spread of only $ 0.01 , so the price only needs to move a few pennies for the trader to cover his commission costs and show a profit .
on 6 december she torpedoed and sank the 4,016 ton british cargo ship " scottish trader " , a straggler from convoy sc-56 , en route from philadelphia to liverpool , south of iceland .
however , at the peak of their success , there were more trader vic 's around the world than " don the beachcomber"s .
sigrid is kidnapped by representatives of a rival trader culture , the forsi , who resemble heavyset gnomes .
the american fur trader robert gray , captain of the " columbia rediviva " , entered the mouth of the columbia river in may 1792 .
enayatullah was a market trader whom the filmmakers cast because they thought him " a nice guy " .
in hungary jukić met a certain bosnian trader called jovanović , who convinced jukić and three of his young friends that there was an uprising in the works to free bosnia from the rule of the ottoman empire .
also on board was the ship 's owner , w.b. preston , a british trader , and robert jermain thomas , a protestant missionary acting as an interpreter .
gerald loeb award in deadline writing for her page - one account of how a 32-year - old trader ’s risky natural - gas bets triggered more than $ 6 billion in losses at high - flying hedge fund amaranth advisors , the day after its troubles first hit the markets .
this strategy might be used when the trader believes that there will be a very sharp , downward move and would like to enter the position without paying a lot of premium , as the written puts will offset the cost of the purchased puts .
a trader , of course , can set it above that , if he does n't want to be subject to margin calls .
a group of trader spies , known as the naualoztomeca , made up the last group of pochteca .
recently darrell lea 's line of soft licorices have started to be sold in canadian shops as well as target department stores and trader joe 's grocery stores in the united states .
charles beaubien was a french canadian trader in the 18th century who became british agent to the miami nation .
willem van der decken , a captain of the dutch eastindian corporation voc , the first limited company , is a wealthy trader in command of the fastest ship of the voc , named the " hollander " ( dutchman ) .
jacques de noyon continued to travel throughout new france and new england as a trader and coureur des bois .
the calendar spread is a strategy used by the trader in an attempt to take advantage of a difference in the implied volatilities between two different months ' options .
a " business week " article about the store noted that , between 1990 and 2001 , the chain quintupled the store number and increased its profits by ten times . " supermarket news " estimates that trader joe 's total sales for 2008 were $ 7.2 billion , which gave it a ranking of no .
after the war , she was sold to a commercial concern and renamed " hawaiian trader " .
andrew duncan ( born october 11 , 1967 ) is a commodities trader who was charged on september 4 , 2001 by the commodity futures trading commission for his involvement in a commodities ponzi scheme .
buy & sell , a national classified ad service specialising in the category of general merchandise , is a division of trader corporation .
trader hober mallow is sent to uncover information on their technology and hopefully find the missing ships .
a german wine trader , he became gradually more involved in the vinification from when he first began distributing latour - martillac , until he acquired the estate in 1929 .
fine print disclosures in the article reveal that " carnegie asset management is affiliated with the wall street digest , inc. , as is the wall street trader , inc. carnegie asset management , from time to time , makes referrals to mrm asset allocation group , inc.,and / or the nadel moody group , registered investment advisors not affiliated with each other nor with carnegie asset management , for which carnegie asset management receives monetary compensation . "
jean ping , the son of a chinese trader and a black gabonese mother , became the deputy prime minister as well as the foreign minister of gabon and is currently the chairperson of the commission of the african union in 2009 .
ian bought sue and ali osman 's café on bridge street , and became besotted with new market trader , cindy williams .
with a son of the bristol trader he remained twelvemonths ; and , having no desire to resume his labours as a seaman , he afterwards sailed for guadaloupe , where he continued in the employment of a merchant for three years , till 1763 , when the island was ceded to the french .
the name " maluku " is thought to have been derived from the arab trader 's term for the region , " jazirat al - muluk " ( ' the island of the kings ' ) .
arab and european trader documented that the principle goods that were in demand in west african markets were salt and copper .
next was martin falls where he worked for six years ; and then transferred to fort albany as chief trader .
six people , including former kpmg tax partner david rivkin ; david amir makov , a one - time currency and fixed - income derivatives trader at presidio ; and domenick degiorgio , a former managing director at german bank hvb , or bayerische hypo & vereinsbank , have pleaded guilty to criminal charges in the matter .
he was born in montreal , quebec and became a businessman and trader by career .
it showed the king on the obverse and a canoe containing a voyageur , or unlicensed fur trader ( and a native man ) , on the reverse .
he has two brothers ; peter , also a market trader ( retired ) and john , an insurance broker .
toqua first appears in the historical record in 1751 , when it was listed as the base of a trader named anthony dean .
a website on slave trade has named nicholas morse along with another governor of fort st george william gyfford as a prominent slave - trader .
today in the neighbourhood features voud square , in the area around 1850 , it had a villa owned by the english grape trader thomas william wood ( 1816 - 1894 ) in which he moved to patras in 1834 .
alexander ross ( fur trader ) .
it is thought that this site was one of the last areas to be farmed in ashford , it belonged to a local livestock trader called mr sidney herbert bowen , died 1971 and he is commemorated on a plaque at the entrance to the site from victoria park .
sunday 26 october would be a day that the crew of the " english trader " would never forget .
subsequently the daughter died young making joseph the legal heir and owner of the section , and on 17 january 1838 thiebeau sold the land to jean baptiste beaubien , a well - known trader active in chicago for many years .
caraquet was first settled by gabriel giraud dit st. jean who was a french trader and merchant .
distracted by hostilities else where in the archipelago , such as ambon and ternate , the portuguese did not return until 1529 ; a portuguese trader captain garcia landed troops in the bandas .
trader media east is the largest classified advertising company in central and eastern europe .
the c-1 trader grew out of a need by the united states navy for a new anti submarine airplane .
these have included " driven " on channel 4 , " deals on wheels " , " pulling power " , " wheeler dealers " and recently " auto trader " with his co - presenter from " wheeler dealers " , edd china .
several conflicting images emerge of ramsay regarding his conduct amongst the native people of the region while engaged as a trader .
sheikh mohammed abdullah was born in soura , a village on the outskirts of srinagar , just eleven days after the death of his father sheikh mohammed ibrahim , a middle class manufacturer and trader of kashmir shawls .
glen spent his early career as a slave trader and land broker , helping set up plantations in mississippi .
he proved to be a successful trader which enabled him to amass a small fortune in a short time .
in 1999 , the publicity - shy trader granted one of his first on - the record interviews to daniel strachman for his book " getting started in hedge funds " ( wiley 2000 ) .
these options are now " in the money " , and the trader will now want to exercise them .
he became a trader , which allowed him freedom to travel among the tribes .
johann caspar richter was an old saxon landowner and shipper - trader originally from the south of denmark .
by 1676 wood had given his place as commander and chief trader to his son - in - law , peter jones , for whom petersburg was eventually named .
oldest and smallest of the first fleet ships , she was built in 1759 as an armed trader , of 175 tons , and had carried naval supplies between the thames and channel ports for 27 years .
w. chester s. mclure graduated with a teacher 's certificate from prince of wales college and became a broker , salesman , men 's clothing retailer , public school teacher and trader by career .
her father was the spanish trader juan miguel lastiri , who played an important part in the commercial development of tegucigalpa .
for example , a position trader takes 4 different positions in 4 different stocks .
richard edward dennett was an english trader operating out of the kongo ( present day republic of congo ) in the early 20th century who wrote a number of books that were influential on sociological and anthropoligical research on the cultures of west africa .
he was known as a self - made man who left his home in canada at age 14 , and worked a trader in michigan .
reindeer herding was introduced in 1920 by an eskimo - russian trader .
the horse was owned by piccadilly horse trader john elmore whose blue jacket and black cap colours had already been carried to victory in 1839 by lottery .
by selling almost all of its products under its own label , trader joe 's " skips the middle man " and buys directly from both local and international small - time vendors .
wood gundy was the first canadian dealer to open an office in tokyo and the first firm to employ a female trader on the floor of the toronto stock exchange .
in preparation for the air - ground landing exercises ( aglex ) 57-e that was to be scheduled for early 1957 , a pathfinder team parachuted into mcb camp pendleton from a tf-1 trader , established visual and radio aids and guided four helicopters to a designated lz .
avoiding apeony , where a trader 's cabin flew a british flag , the force stormed ackia under cover of large shields or mats called " mantelets " .
joseph frobisher ( april 15 , 1740 – september 12 , 1810 ) was a fur trader and political figure in lower canada .
she studied for an economics degree at royal holloway , university of london , in surrey , with the intention of becoming a city trader .
the rule is applicable whatever the source of the legal right of the trader to recover the compensation .
dating back to 1742 a scottish trader named john frazier from philadelphia had acquired land at the location of the current edgar thomson steel works from queen aliquippa and the lenape .
tanner mirabel was a former soldier / assassin from sky 's edge , later becoming security chief to arms trader cahuella .
in the epilogue of the novel , azelma travels with m. thénardier to america where he becomes a slave owner / trader while his wife has long since died when the two were in prison .
he then became a fur trader with the ho - chunk and chippewa indians , attaining a position of prominence and influence .
she started her own business as a sole trader 1993 , and then co - founded bsw consulting in 1996 based in exeter , where she is currently a director , expanding the business over the past 11 years .
it was named after benjamin franklin colbert , a native american chickasaw descendant of scots trader james logan colbert and his chickasaw wife " minta hoye " , who had five sons .
coosaponakeesa was the daughter of a tuckabachhee lower creek indian woman and edward griffin , a carolina trader from charles town , south carolina .
it is the third oldest city west of the mississippi , founded in 1765 as " les petites côtes " , " the little hills " , by louis blanchette , a french canadian fur trader , and was the last " civilized " stop for the lewis and clark expedition in 1804 .
approximately 2 out of every 5 canadians consult a trader publication or web site each year and its network of web sites attracts over 3.3 million unique monthly visitors per month .
