contrary to popular belief , " bad education " is not based on the 2004 film , " bad education " about a transvestite .
the lead character , aunty jack was a unique comic creation — an obese , moustachioed , gravel - voiced transvestite , part trucker and part pantomime dame — who habitually solved any problem by knocking people unconscious or threatening to rip their bloody arms off .
the term " transvestite " and the associated term " transvestism " are conceptually different from the term " fetishistic transvestism " ( a.k.a . "
paul " is " the transvestite stalker , and diana 's brother .
4 la tragedia del travesti ( the transvestite 's tragedy )
meanwhile , transvestite prostitution in bugis street became increasingly prominent .
in 1970 she founded tao ( transsexual / transvestite action organization ) , which published the moonshadow and " mirage " newsletters .
the caller is actually a transvestite named chris who is tired of taking insults from his - or - her family .
due to the often - flamboyant costumes and the large quantity of males dressing up as females , it has earned the joke name ' transvestite tuesday ' .
james palacio may not be the star of " oz , " but he plays one of the show 's most colorful characters : fiona , the prison 's resident transvestite and a member of the gay gang .
the roles of nat kadaws are often fulfilled by transvestite men .
every version of dax before him lives in daxia , including darius duck , daxor , daxian , doomsdax , mad nazi scientist dax , and " grim " serial - killer transvestite 80 's dax .
the show featured a stripper , used tampax in glass , and transvestite guards .
by the 1960s saffron owned or controlled a string of nightclubs , strip joints and sex shops in kings cross , including the sydney club les girls , home of the famous transvestite revue .
joan 's contemporary supporters and adversaries comment extensively on her clothing , and the records of her trial provide commentary of her own , making her by far the best - documented transvestite of the later middle ages "
" papuwa " displays nonsensical humor , including characters such as transvestite fish , a talking poisonous mushroom , and a snail whose offspring , much to its horror , are constantly eaten by the rest of the cast .
alessandro di sanzo ( born 26 august 1967 ) is an italian actor best known for his portrayal of the teenaged transvestite prostitute " mario libassi " , nick - named " mery " in marco risi 's dramatic film , " mery per sempre " ( " forever mary " ) , which was released in 1989 and where he made his acting debut .
chablis is considered a preoperative transsexual , as well as a full - time transvestite , and drag queen .
written as a frame story , " sub pecetea tainei " comprises the recollections of teodor " rache " ruse , a retired police officer . punctuated by willing omissions , for which rows of ellipses are employed , the text is structured into accounts of three unsolved cases : that of a missing person , the clerk gogu nicolau , who may or may not have been murdered by his wife ; that of an epileptic minister whom ruse is supposed to guard and who , after going missing and returning , presents his resignation and dies , leaving the general public clueless as to his fate ; finally , that of a viennese couple of con artists and presumed murderers ( one of whom may be a transvestite woman ) whose arrival in bucharest poses a threat on the life of their female host , lena ceptureanu .
because obviously a conservative would not be open - minded enough to say ' man , woman , hermaphrodite or transvestite . ' "
pierre montez and thérèse receive visits from their neighbour m. preskovic who presents them with revolting gastronomic specialities from his country , from katia , a depressed transvestite , from josette , thérèse 's slow - thinking cousin , and from félix , josette 's seedy fiancé , who is dressed as santa claus ; he is prone to domestic violence and is an inveterate thief .
the narrator is an entertaining figure , immersed in the transvestite scene but also understanding that aspects of it are hard to take entirely seriously . "
the subject changes from trying to outright reject his partner , to trying to delay , distract , and then trying excuses to make the transvestite feel bad about being pushy .
their festivities are cut short when they discover that glorice is n't a woman at all but a convincing transvestite .
between " blissfully yours " and " tropical malady " , apichatpong co - directed " the adventure of iron pussy " with artist michael shaowanasai , who starred as the main character , a transvestite secret agent .
dr. milton freedman ( allan arbus ) , an army psychiatrist , interviews klinger , and tells him that although he believes klinger to be sane , he is willing to grant him a section 8 discharge if he will sign a report confirming that he is a transvestite and a homosexual ( a report which freedman notes will follow him into civilian life ) .
divakaran comes back from jail and is shocked to see that his only son is a good for nothing transvestite , but can do nothing about it .
a friendly male student with transvestite tendencies .
" souvenir " is the only album to date by the slovenian transvestite trio sestre .
danny is thus a transvestite street .
the tragic past of lord fanny , a brazilian transvestite and a member of king mob 's invisibles cell , is revealed in a story arc titled " she - man " , which jumps back and forth through time .
he is the author of " if i were " column in ' prestup ' magazine , belgrade , in which he deals with applied pop - politics , enacting different social roles – the prime minister 's chauffeur , a beggar , a tv news presenter , or a transvestite on the trail of a mass grave .
andrew o'neill ( born 14th september 1979 ) is a vegan , anarchist , transvestite , stand - up comedian , musician and writer .
de - la - noy was also noted for being fired in 1970 as press secretary to archbishop of canterbury michael ramsey after writing an article in support of a bisexual and transvestite colonel , which was seen as too liberal for the church of england .
" anarcoma " , by creator nazario luque , is a " bizarre noir thriller " starring a gay transvestite detective . " anarcoma " has been " widely celebrated " as one of the foremost subversive and countercultural comics that challenges preconceptions of sexuality and gender .
remaining in the demi - monde is the sub - culture of transvestite prostitutes who turn tricks as " chicks with dicks . "
these include the annual gay film nights , an international lgbt film festival , the gay prize gala , which recognises those who have contriuted to lgbt culture and rights , and miss travesty romania , a transvestite beauty pageant .
terry arrives with a transvestite whom he met on the flight , called antonia sloviak ( michael cavadias ) .
the plot features a transvestite called glen whose alter - ego is called glenda .
he trains for 10 days in mexico with a mexican transvestite luchador ( mexican wrestler ) who fights under the name cassandro , as an " exotico " .
in september 2009 , whilst in brisbane , australia for the parklife festival , lady sovereign was arrested for assault and drunk and disorderly behaviour after spitting on a nightclub bouncer , claiming a transvestite had attacked her in the club 's bathroom .
it is a compilation including mare liberum ( demo ) and a live gig from transvestite tour in 2000 .
magnus hirschfeld coined the term " transvestite " .
terms that had been used previously include transvestite and transsexual .
corker , by far the city ’s most notorious transvestite , is betting that nothing will say “
his first play " wilder and wilder " ( a transvestite adaptation of alice in wonderland ) , was produced in 1995 at florida playwrights ' theatre in hollywood , fl .
she had a role as a mentally - challenged model in the movie " perem gil " , played a transvestite in the movie " woman inside me " and was cast as " hasnah abdul karim " in " tewas di tanganku " .
it additionally praised the film for being a departure from the thai lgbt genre , which generally features coarsely stereotyped kathoey transvestite caricatures .
he co - started in the tnt mini - series " lucky chance " , as well as playing a transvestite in the nick cassavetes film " my sisters keeper " .
he gives the 100,000 baht he received from tun to a transvestite pimp who might have a lead on nok .
from an early age he liked to dress in women 's clothes and in his teens realized that he was a transvestite .
one early exception was the murderer , a transvestite who wears particularly frilly dresses and petticoats , in alfred hitchcock 's british thriller " murder ! " .
nygma was also a part of a team called " los night queens " a group of " exoticos " or transvestite wrestlers .
in 2004 , he shifted to rs film , again tackling kathoeys with the crime comedy spicy beauty queen of bangkok , starring winai kraibutr as the leader of a gang of transvestite bank robbers .
he also appears as dj and transvestite sunset boulevard / sonny benson in the showtime series " the l word " .
the band 's zen anarchic approach to making music was also informed by its insistence that yoshi , a transplanted japanese transvestite working as a cocktail waitress in east hollywood , was in fact a deity ( or " coyote god " ) summoned by the group in the .
until they track you down and kill you to the last man / woman / transvestite / hermaphrodite .
in " homerazzi " lenny is hinted to be a transvestite when he dresses up like " seven of nine " from ' .
the plot features jealous lovers , topless dancers , a transvestite , murders and suicides .
on august 25 , 2006 , two weeks after republican u.s. senator george allen used the term " macaca " to describe s.r. sidarth , a 20-year old jim webb campaign volunteer , conservative blogger dan riehl accused sidarth of making racially insensitive and homophobic posts on the autoadmit message board , including posts where sidarth allegedly admitted to having sex with a transvestite while high on methamphetamine ..
mccarthy has also stated on one occasion that he does n't believe his character is trying to cross dress or be a transvestite and rather simply creating his own unique style .
this female - male - female transvestite ritual ( it was only natural that dionysus presided over it ) of the klodones - mimallones probably marked the transition of the macedonian girls to adulthood .
his proficiency on guitar earned him gigs with a number of rhythm - and - blues performers , including james brown , king curtis , big maybelle , joey dee and the starlighters , and a transvestite duo known as the illusions that create confusion .
in order to ensure that the play is a total failure , max selects an incredibly tasteless script ( which he describes as " practically a love letter to adolf hitler " ) , hires the worst director he can find , ( roger debris , a stereotypical homosexual and transvestite caricature ) and casts an out - of - control hippie named lorenzo st. dubois , also known by his initials " l.s.d. " , in the role of hitler ( after he had wandered into the wrong theatre by mistake during the casting call ) .
mehmet murat somer ( born 1959 ) is a turkish author of crime fiction best known for his hop - çiki - yaya series set in istanbul and featuring an unnamed transvestite amateur detective .
steve yeager 's 1998 documentary film " divine trash " examines the global underground film movement , and features previously unreleased footage of john waters ' early life and behind - the - scenes capers of his dreamland crew , including divine , the 300-pound transvestite glenn milstead .
they gun her down , and find out that she is , in fact , a transvestite .
the program of prevention of std / aids with transvestite sex workers of bahia presents excellent results : after research on the local community , a booklet , a folder and a poster were produced , all with realistic language and images peculiar to this subculture .
attention was also given to transvestite grayson perry who exhibited pots decorated with sexual imagery , and was the prize winner .
originally titled " kingdom of earth " , the serio - comic play focuses on lot , a tubercular neurotic youth who is an impotent transvestite overly attached to the memory of his late mother .
this is explained through a proposal for the army 's " first battalion transvestite brigade ... with " fantastic " makeup and a fantastic gun . "
chris ( the transvestite ) buzzes the doorbell .
he meets walter ( rufus beck ) , a transvestite who teaches straight men how gay men think .
" ladyboys " is a 1992 documentary film about the struggle of two teenage kathoey , or thai male - to - female transgender persons , to leave the rural countryside and become famous transvestite performers in the glamorous cabarets of pattaya .
a thai slang term for transvestite or effeminate man , " toot " ( ตุ๊ด ) , comes from the first syllable of " tootsie " .
the current mayor of middlesex is former councilman and current transvestite john fuhrmann , replacing mr. jerry d'angelo , who suddenly resigned on december 23 , 2008 in a one line email from the boro clerk .
after freedman had finished the report , he quietly took klinger in for an interview and told him that while he is obviously not mentally ill , freedman was willing to declare him transvestite and a homosexual .
by then it is too late , and the transvestite is dominant and aggressive and wo nt let him go .
on the day of his suicide , the miami new times published a controversial and sensationalist cover story on teele which was based on the report of the corruption probe and detailed alleged dealings with illegal drugs and a transvestite prostitute with a criminal record .
however , the controversial subject matter still remained true to the soft cell ethos , with songs such as " l'esqualita " that glamourized transvestite culture in manhattan .
hirschfeld also noticed that sexual arousal was often associated with transvestite behavior ; he also clearly distinguished between transvestism as an expression of a person 's " contra - sexual " ( transgender ) feelings and fetishistic behavior , even if the latter involved wearing clothes of the other sex .
madame lola , for example , while being bluntly described by momo as " a transvestite " who had been " a boxing champion in senegal " , is depicted in both the book and the film without any sensationalism .
in ” " elixir édition speciale " ” , he plays a scene where his female partner penetrates him while he is dressed as a transvestite .
along with sheiks guitarist / co - song writer rupert " valentine " bent , studio one drummer joe isaacs , pope was soon courted by american - born rock and roll legend frank motley ( an innovator in the transition of rhythm & blues into rock and roll during the 50s with his dual trumpet technique ) to front his hitch - hikers combo ( another mainstay of toronto 's r&b community ) replacing the popular transvestite singer jackie shane .
additional although less popular novelty love dolls include overweight , transvestite , elderly and alien dolls , which are usable for pleasure but tend to be given as gag gifts .
the pe teacher threatens to tell the principal the truth , but chris convinces her not to do so by lying that he is a transvestite and enjoys dressing up in women 's clothing .
the song " lola " is about an encounter with a transvestite .
the play is set in 2008 following the civil partnership of the two protagonists , who find themselves living in a house once occupied by lord arthur clinton mp and transvestite ernest boulton .
working titles during the film 's production included " behind locked doors " and " transvestite " .
paulin became a waiter at the paradis latin , a night - club renowned for its transvestite shows .
the queen medley comprising of a mix of 8 queen songs notably includes the performance of popular gay / transvestite prisoner wenjiel resane dressed as a ballerina performing a major routine .
programs of std / aids together with transvestite sex workers must use strong elements of the local subculture and count on the trust of the social actor in order to be successful .
originally , curry rehearsed the character with a german accent and peroxide blond hair , but the character evolved into the sly , very upper - class english mad scientist and transvestite that carried over to the movie version of " the rocky horror picture show " and made curry both a star and a cult figure .
according to " entertainment weekly " , " the production code censors ... had no objection to the bloodletting , the oedipal murder theme , or even the shower scene — but did ask that hitchcock remove the word " transvestite " from the film .
in spite of the fact that most streets are genderless , danny is male and a transvestite .
the subject of this one - person play , which starred jefferson mays , is the german transvestite charlotte von mahlsdorf .
according to the grupo gay da bahia , brazil 's largest and most active gay organization , a gay , lesbian or transvestite is brutally murdered every two days due to homophobia , with a total of 130 last year alone .
the dvd featured an audio commentary track by comedian michael j. nelson of " mystery science theater 3000 " fame , in which he heckles , or " riffs " the film in a style similar to an episode of the series , a restored black and white version of " plan 9 " , a home video of wood in drag performing a striptease ( wood , in real life , was a transvestite ) and a comedic feature narrated by nelson detailing the " lost " plans 1 - 8 .
shonteff provides witty setpieces of the bond films like a car chase , assassination attempts from a transvestite
/ trick or mistreat / bonus track : sweet transvestite / bonus video : sex , drugs & heavy metal
molloy was a member of the original cast at the national theatre , and went on to play the parts of the transvestite tremont and the angel gabriel , for which he gained an olivier award for best supporting actor .
intended as a replacement to his debut album , " the great white stanhope " , " sicko " contains much of the same material as his freshman effort , including the infamous " banana lady " and " transvestite hooker " stories .
meanwhile chris tricks lee hunter into sleeping with a transvestite called aphrodite .
one nightclub called the " diamond club " sponsored a special night for the lgbt community , featuring a british dj transvestite , only to be shut down by the government .
transvestophilia is a sexual interest in a partner who is a transvestite
rene boy facunla , better known under the moniker ate glow , is a filipino comic best known for his transvestite routine impersonating gloria macapagal - arroyo , the current president of the philippines .
one of the candidates for city council of salvador , bahia , the third largest city in brazil , that did win , the transvestite club dancer leo kret , was the most voted for throughout the city .
he appeared in the movie " the longest yard " , starring adam sandler , as a transvestite inmate .
at twenty - two , arquette landed her first significant acting role , playing a transvestite georgette in " last exit to brooklyn " .
florence rose is an aspiring transvestite and companion of emily .
they are many stories about him ; he is mentioned in memoirs and diaries , appears as a character in novels and films , and is undoubtedly the most famous transvestite in swedish history - he became almost an icon , and is much romanticised .
it is implied that monkey may be a transvestite ; he is shown wearing a woman 's nightcap , a sheath dress and a ballet tutu .
sister ray ' as a transvestite smack dealer .
leaving behind the grim , oppressive reality of liverpool ( in the 1980s unemployment rates in liverpool were amongst the highest in the uk . ) , they stumble into the bizarre fantasy world of a transvestite nightclub called " the fruit machine " , run by " annabelle " .
it was performed by sestre , a trio of transvestite men dressed as airflight attendants , and marked the first time an entire ensemble had performed at eurovision in drag , sparking anti - gay protests in slovenia as well as debate in the slovenian parliament and the european parliament about the song and the public reaction .
after traveling after her son 's heart , manuela quits her job and journeys to barcelona , where she hopes to find her son 's father lola , a transvestite she kept secret from her son , just as she never told lola they had a son .
this system has six grades of transgender person from " pseudo - transvestite " at level 1 , to a " true transsexual ( high intensity ) " at level 6 .
new zealand born transvestite monet king ( who was then called marilyn king ) , the former boyfriend of trigg , told one journalist that trigg had returned home on 4 july with blood on his clothes .
the neighbourhood is also home to a large presence of prostitutes and a concentration osaka 's transvestite community .
bangs also remarks that " morrison has said in at least one interview that the song has nothing to do with any kind of transvestite – at least as far as he knows , he is quick to add – but that 's bullshit . "
joining her for the traditional annual celebration of her wedding anniversary are her three sons : eldest henry is a transvestite ; middle son terry is planning to emigrate to canada with his shrewish wife karen and their five children ; and youngest tom , a promiscuous philanderer whose many past relationships have ended at his mother 's insistence , arrives with his pregnant girlfriend shirley in tow .
tracklisting : trick or mistreat / sweet transvestite
ananda everingham stars as a gay male dancer in a transvestite cabaret who suffers amnesia after being struck by a car .
the campaign is based on the popular and primarily female held notion that men have a lower tolerance for pain than women , it became clear that a man - or more specifically a transvestite - would be the ultimate test given the combination of low pain threshold and desire for beautiful legs .
he is executed in the sequel " death of a transvestite " ( 1967 ) after a struggle for the right to go to the electric chair dressed as glenda .
later , ed decides to " star " béla in the film and convinces weiss that he is perfect to direct " i changed my sex ! " because he is a transvestite .
even the cribs exhibit a distance - decay pattern in that the younger more attractive prostitutes occupy cribs on the central lane ( cleopatra street ) , whereas older , or less attractive women rent cribs on the south most lane or in the back near the transvestite bars .
mayan parents often gave their adolescent sons access to prepubescent boys as a source of sexual relief prior to marriage , homosexuality was also common among the aztecs , sometimes involving children as young as six , and transvestite boy prostitution was widespread throughout aztec society .
other stories at the time involved marty and patrick 's wedding ending in a hail of gunfire and blood , dorian 's struggles to hide her dark family past , nora struggling with peri - menopause , and rj gannon opening a new bar with a transvestite mixologist .
in the film , ananda everingham stars as a male dancer in a transvestite cabaret who must re - find himself after being struck by a car and suffering from amnesia .
among his works are one reggae album with the group shappa ( with coyote of the band eyesburn ) ; a punk album with the band jogurt ; a rock opera called " zagađenje u japanu " ( " a pollution in japan " ) about a transvestite turbo - folk star , written for the exit festival in 2005 ; a solo rap albums called " zašto brate vikler ? " ( 2004 ) and " ortaci ne znaju " ( 2007 ) .
t - girl -- taboo -- taboo breaking -- talisman -- talking dirty -- tamakeri -- tamil marriage customs -- tampon -- tanner stage -- tantra -- tantric massage -- tantric sex -- taoist sexual practices -- taphephilia -- tart card -- tattooing -- tea room -- teabagging -- tearoom -- teasing ( sexology ) -- technical virginity -- teenage fatherhood -- teenage pregnancy -- teledildonics -- telegony -- teleiophilia -- telekura -- telephone scatologia -- telephone scatophilia -- telephone sex -- telephonicophilia -- tellak -- temple prostitute -- temporal lobe trauma -- temporary marriage -- teratophilia -- termination of pregnancy -- territorial marking -- terror play -- testes -- testicle -- testicular cancer -- testicular feminization -- testicular torsion -- testicular - feminizing syndrome -- testis -- testosterone -- thalpotentiginy -- theca externa -- theca folliculi -- theca interna -- thecoma -- thelarche -- third sex -- third - sexer -- thong underwear -- three letters and six etiquettes -- three - legged bloomers -- threesome -- threshold -- thrush ( infection ) -- tickling -- tie and tease -- tightlacing -- timophilia -- tit wank -- titty fuck -- tomboy -- tongzhi ( sexuality ) -- top ( bdsm ) -- top ( sex ) -- topping -- torture ( sexology ) -- tossed salad -- total enclosure fetishism -- toucherism -- tourniquet -- toxic shock syndrome -- tracheal shave -- traditional marriage -- trampling fetishism -- tranny -- tranny chaser -- transactional sex -- transactional sexual relationship -- transexualism -- transgender -- transition nuclear protein -- transitioning ( transgender ) -- transman -- transscrotal piercing -- transsexual -- transsexualism -- transurethral needle ablation of the prostate -- transurethral resection of the prostate -- transvestic fetishism -- transvestism -- transvestite -- transvestitism -- transvestophilia -- transwoman -- traumatic masturbatory syndrome -- treponema pallidum -- trial marriage -- trial separation -- triangle piercing -- triangular theory of love -- tribadism -- trichomonas vaginalis -- trichomoniasis -- trichophilia -- trimester -- triple cock cage -- triple cock ring -- triple penetration -- triple - x syndrome -- tripsolagnia -- troilism -- trokosi -- trophy wife -- troubadour -- true hermaphroditism -- true love waits -- tubal ligation -- tubal reversal -- tubal sterilization -- tubuli seminiferi recti -- tuna -- tunica albuginea -- tunica albuginea ( ovaries ) -- tunica albuginea ( penis ) -- tunica albuginea ( testicles ) -- tunica vaginalis -- tunica vasculosa testis -- tunnel of love -- tuppy owens -- turn - off -- turn - on -- turner 's syndrome -- turps -- twins -- two type theory of transsexuality -- two - spirit --
in modern day hawaii it is a commonly used slang word for transvestite and transgender persons .
the next day , the identity of the man was found to be that of maxwell confait , 26 years old , a homosexual prostitute and transvestite who preferred to use the name " michelle " .
perry talked about his own life as a transvestite and the effect it had on him and his family , frankly discussing its difficulties and pleasures .
red mage has also occasionally shown himself to be a closet transvestite , naming himself debora when he 's in a dress , a psychological complex that red mage believed stemmed from his father disliking red mage for being a boy .
a transvestite is murdered , a surgeon is knifed outside a hospital , and rodriguez takes the stand in captain fraker 's trial
moacyr sélia is transvestite and hairdresser , if reelected to the charge of councilman with 871 votes , by the republican party ( pr - es ) , in the city of nova venécia , north of the state of espírito santo .
in 2005 , ferry appeared in neil jordan 's movie , " breakfast on pluto " , starring cillian murphy as a young irish transvestite who goes to london in the glam 1970s to find his mother .
one of the regular customers at the bar , snowflake , a nymphomaniac transvestite , who gets beat up by a tough drunk who has only just realized that snowflake is a man in drag and not a beautiful woman .
however , andy gets a new perspective on a case involving a pompous insurance guy who was set up for robbery after nearly cheating on his wife with a transvestite prostitute , and connie decides to put together a romantic meal that sets everything right .
arriving at skully 's landing , a vast , decaying mansion on an isolated plantation in rural alabama , joel meets his sullen stepmother amy , debauched transvestite randolph , and the defiant tomboy idabel , a girl who becomes his friend .
it explores the life of charlotte von mahlsdorf , a transvestite who survived both the nazi and communist governments in twentieth - century berlin and founded the gründerzeit museum .
the film was released under several regional titles such as " transvestite " , " i led two lives " , and " he or she ? " .
during the men from n.o.w.h.e.r.e. and pentagon saga , dorothy was on danny the street ( a living transvestite street ) with josh and flex mentallo ( the man of muscle mystery ) when she 's kidnapped by the government - run men from n.o.w.h.e.r.e. and taken to the sub - sub basement of the pentagon called the ant farm .
a semi - autobiographical movie starring its director ed wood , who was a transvestite .
mike gartside of bristol rock magazine the venue stated “ their name is slightly misleading : a male band and there ’s not a transvestite amongst them . ”
the series is set in istanbul and features an unnamed transvestite amateur sleuth and somer explains the title ; " hop - çiki - yaya was a cheerleading chant from turkish colleges in the early 1960s , and it came to be used in comedy shows to mean gays .
in april 2008 , ronaldo was involved in a scandal involving three transvestite prostitutes whom he met in a nightclub located in the city of rio de janeiro .
transvestic fetishism " ) , as " transvestic fetishist " describes those who intermittently use clothing of the opposite gender for fetishistic purposes , and " transvestite " does not .
one of the first was youngyooth thongkonthun 's " iron ladies " , or " satree lek " , based on a true story about a transsexual / transvestite gay men 's volleyball team that won a national championship in 1996 .
it served gay , fetish - dressed , straight , transvestite and poetic clubgoers for a decade .
" i want what i want " helped to pave the way for the release of many other transvestite and transsexual films or films that contain scenes or references to transsexuality .
starring tim curry as a self - proclaimed " sweet transvestite " from the planet transsexual in the galaxy of transylvania , the filmed later achieve a cult status .
peter caffrey ( 18 april 1949 – 1 january 2008 ) was an irish actor best known for playing padraig o'kelly on series 1 - 4 of " ballykissangel " , but also well - regarded for his role as a transvestite in the film " , and ' .
florencia de la v expressed that she felt a little uncomfortable at first with being given a job as a transvestite in the soap opera .
he also has a transvestite " sister " who runs a club where saiga and kagura hide for a while .
in 1966 or 1967 , she moved to new york city , new york , where over the next several years she photographed viet nam war demonstrations , the women 's liberation movement , transvestite culture , and times square , developing a sensibility , according to one writer , " away from mainstream society and toward its more interesting , often troubled fringes " .
melodic tunes on a jacaranda leaf and , beside him , a transvestite
however dictor stated in a 2007 interview that , although he has " answered yes or ambiguously when asked for years " he is not gay , but has been " a transvestite of sorts . "
when jorgensen refused to collaborate on the film , wood wrote a new autobiographical script about his own struggle with being a closet transvestite and added stock film footage about sexual reassignment surgery .
the use of the word " girl " in the third verse is the only element in the lyrics that tells you the girl he approached and danced with must be a transvestite .
in these films , authors experiment with different visions of the gay man : the transvestite in " un hombre llamado flor de otoño " ( 1978 ) , the manly and attractive gay , for the first time in " los placeres ocultos " ( 1976 ) from eloy de la iglesia , the warring " queen " in " gay club " ( 1980 ) , etc .
the film follows a group of seven dim - witted teenagers camping in the forest , who find themselves being stalked by both a machete - wielding maniac in a beekeeper 's mask and a horny transvestite .
302 - singapore armed forces ( military ) designation of both homosexual and transvestite / transsexual
after he is assaulted in a theater by a transvestite , yōji finds what looks like an alien insect and hides it in his room .
the band featured jason dressed as a gothic transvestite who frequently spit fake blood and simulated vulgar acts on - stage not unlike marilyn manson .
according to dvd liner notes for " return of the pink panther " , sellers and edwards originally planned to produce a british television series centered on clouseau , but a film was made instead , " revenge of the pink panther " , which ' undid ' dreyfus 's death and saw clouseau investigating a plot to kill him after a transvestite criminal is killed in his place .
his cross - dressing dates back to his teens , when he would go to local pubs in blackwood wearing a dress ; he has however been keen to emphasize that he is not a transvestite .
a spoof of thai movie musicals and melodramas of the 1960s and ' 70s ( especially those of petchara chaowarat , michael portrayed the title character , a transvestite thai secret agent whose alter ego is a gay male 7-eleven clerk .
another individual is a closet homosexual , and a fourth is a transvestite .
in 2004 , performance artist michael shaowanasai co - directed and starred in the film , " the adventure of iron pussy " , in which he portrayed a transvestite secret agent .
" the observer " wrote that it " is raucous , leering , crude and , to my mind , largely misjudged , with rupert everett playing miss fritton as a coquettish transvestite with the manners of a mayfair madam .
benjamin wrote that researchers of his day thought that attraction to men , as a woman was the factor that distinguished a transvestite from a transsexual . "
terzi 's situation is further complicated when " mario libassi " ( alessandro di sanzo ) , a transvestite prostitute , nicknamed " mery " , falls in love with him .
( the story was to have included a transvestite joker , an element toned down by dc . )
in 2005 , he revealed that he had transvestite compulsions .
for these purposes , sexual services may be offered by biological men and women , and the transgendered and transvestite , but arrest statistics show that in those states where buying and selling sex are equally illegal , the tendency is to arrest the service provider and not the customer even though there are significantly more customers than sellers .
the ju ju babies were characterised by their deliberately poor quality sound and lyrics , and by their unusual clothing , with woods generally appearing on stage wearing clothing made from bin liners and hazard tape , a style later copied by a number of other female and transvestite performers on the london club , gay and goth music scenes .
béla lugosi , who was not told the film was about a transvestite , was paid $ 1,000 in cash for one day of filming .
john rykener , known also as johannes richer and eleanor , was a fourteenth - century transvestite prostitute working mainly in london ( near cheapside ) , but also active in oxford .
in final fantasy viii , an unnamed minor character can be encountered in a bar ; during conversation , there is a strong implication that the character is a transvestite .
rumors abound in gaye 's biographies that his father was a transvestite and acted very effeminate , leading to gossip around gaye 's neighborhood that he was homosexual .
he had a recurring role as a transvestite dea agent on the series " twin peaks " and played the narrator / host in the long - running showtime erotica / softcore tv series " red shoe diaries " .
other notable film roles include uncle morty in " my favorite year " ; moustache in " irma la douce " ; " penelope " ( 1966 ) , which starred natalie wood ; a transvestite husband in woody allen 's " everything you always wanted to know about sex
the group abandoned another name , sex gang children , and settled on the name culture club , referring to the ethnic background of the members ; a transvestite english singer ( george ) , a jamaican - briton ( craig ) , the jewish drummer ( moss ) , and an anglo - saxon englishman ( hay ) .
" lola " is a song written by ray davies and performed by the kinks which details a romantic encounter between a young man and a transvestite he meets in a soho club in london .
. discothèques , transvestite cabarets , night - clubs , coffee shops , karaoke bars , open - air bars and restaurants with live music and entertainment compete for attention .
the series features rotten boroughs ( or " robber buttons " ) , dr. samuel johnson ( played by robbie coltrane ) , william pitt the younger , the french revolution ( featuring chris barrie , nigel planer and tim mcinnerny as the scarlet pimpernel ) , over - the - top theatrical actors , a squirrel - hating transvestite highwayman , and a duel with the duke of wellington ( played by stephen fry ) .
kathoey ( transsexual / transvestite ) or gays are often featured as comic relief or villains in mainstream thai films , but there have been a number of films that make gays and kathoey the main characters .
both smoked marijuana and fell asleep , the transvestite with a lit joint in her hand , which caught fire and burned the room down ( though everyone escaped ) .
stern and his radio show staff led viewers through a series of provocative antics , including " lesbian dial - a - date " , goading a male audience member to tongue - kiss transvestite siobhan meow ( a member of the show 's wack pack ) , a homeless man makeover and a man lighting his crotch on fire .
in 2003 , pantojas moved to new york , and decided not to perform again as a transvestite actor .
he seems to also be a closet transvestite , as neil finds a dress in rick 's closet with his own name stitched on it in the episode " nasty " .
the term " fakaleiti " is not nor no where near translated to transvestite !
on his website , dawkins states : " i ’m buggered if i like being portrayed as a cartoon character buggering a bald transvestite .
one of huquier 's subjects was chevalier d'eon , an early transvestite .
in 1395 there was a transvestite homosexual prostitute arrested in london with some records surviving , and the twelve conclusions of the lollards included the denunciation of priestly celibacy as a cause of sodomy .
apichatpong also co - directed the low - budget digital movie , " the adventure of iron pussy " , with artist michael shaowanasai , who portrays a transvestite secret agent .
soon after setting an investigation in motion , the police incurred further criticism by launching what one journalist described as a " ham - fisted " and unproductive swoop on mexico city 's transvestite prostitutes .
another transvestite friend of his , john , tells glen how cross - dressing ended his marriage .
he also recorded albums under his own name , including " country western transvestite whore " and " supercop soundtrack " ( 1996 ) and he recorded a country music album entitled " rebel meets rebel " ( 2004 ) .
the – at the time – titillating gallery of photos included intimate nude self portraits and either real or staged sexual acts with women of many nationalities from around the world , and a set of intimate physical contacts with a transvestite , including the exchange of wedding bands , which nicholas now wore upon his right hand as a complement to his original wedding ring .
charlotte von mahlsdorf , a male to female transvestite , recounts incidents from her eventful life .
in the 1970 's , long beach boulevard was lined with gay , lesbian , and transvestite bars .
bagwell is more loyal to the team in the season ’s later episodes , contributing to keep the escape tunnel hidden and engaging in reluctant relations with a transvestite inmate to further the escape plan .
mineko begins dating a male coworker , and accepts an invitation to a party at the home of a transvestite patient .
his career was revived in the 1980s , when he starred opposite transvestite actor divine in john waters ' " polyester " ( 1981 ) and paul bartel 's " lust in the dust " ( 1985 ) .
emily , real name eddie howard , is an awkward and very unconvincing transvestite .
mathurin returned to paris , while paulin tried to start his own firm of transvestite artists , a plan which failed in autumn 1985 .
wood 's novels frequently include transvestite or drag queen characters , or entire plots centering around transvestism ( including his angora fetish ) , and tap into his love of crime fiction and the occult .
the name 's sexually - charged image is also due to associations with " lola , " a 1970 the kinks song about a young man 's encounter with a transvestite named lola .
her only friend is the pimp , gulabi ( raghuvir yadav ) , a sprightly hijra ( eunuch ) and also a transvestite , who not only keeps madhumati supplied with ganja , but also with the latest gossip .
then there is the owner of the café , venus , who is a mysterious transvestite and has only one able leg .
ray barlow approaches mcnulty to ask for money to pursue an out of town lead over the weekend based on a case similar to a murdered transvestite .
she was a co - founder , along with sylvia rivera , of street transvestite action revolutionaries ( s.t.a.r. ) in the early 1970s .
somnath bhattacharyya further elaborates on the views related to transvestite and transsexuality traits of ramakrishna .
ign also criticized the design , characterizing jynx as a " transvestite midget in racially offensive makeup " .
in a michigan boarding house , he raised rent money by sleeping with a gay transvestite .
a solitary drinker at the bar ( roman polanski ) is approached by a transvestite cabaret singer ( yul brynner ) , dracula ( christopher lee ) poses as a waiter , a cinema show turns out to feature the unfortunately unsuccessful transplant of a black person 's head onto a white body .
the elder raymond was once quoted " i used to be know as the head football coach of the fighting blue hens but now i will forever be known as the father of a green transvestite ! "
dc comics acquired the rights to all the former quality comics characters in 1956 along with a bulk buy of them all , but has yet to make use of madame fatal beyond a few very brief cameos and a few mere mentions that made light of the character 's transvestite m.o.
walliams also notably plays the part of emily howard - a " rubbish transvestite , " who makes an unconvincing woman .
jackie ( bruce a. young ) turns out to be a tall , masculine transvestite .
although the word " fakaleiti " is literally translated as transvestite , the fakaleiti is more of a completely feminized man who lives and works as a fakaleiti .
her travels take her to new york , where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry , a staid mohawk named julian gitche ( keanu reeves ) .
additionally , izzard takes time to explain his background as an " executive " transvestite and how it affected his desire to join the military .
wood appeared as a transvestite who spends his time at a party trying on lingerie in a bedroom .
this song is about a transvestite .
later she yells at shinobu kagurazaka , calling him a transvestite , when she finds out disregarded his duty by leaving mitsuomi to fight the whole juken club alone .
in 1997 , the claim was put forward in " women pirates and the politics of the jolly roger " , edited by gabriel kuhn and tyler austin , that bartholomew roberts was a female transvestite .
doom patrol 's base of operations in later stories is the sentient transvestite street danny the street .
he is an occasional transvestite .
next is the " businessman - pillar of the community " who is a transvestite in private .
at this time , he is part of a transvestite rock band called " the lovelies " .
he gets involved first with fabio , a young junkie transvestite .
in september 2007 tin was the first comedian to perform on a tv night show hosted by a controversial transvestite marlenna , where he was re - invited later in december 2007 .
her brother , candy , is a transvestite and an aids - sufferer who designs clothes .
despite the relatively late introduction of transfeminism as a term , transfeminist work has been around since the early second wave in various forms , most prominently embodied by persons such as sandy stone , considered the founder of academic transgender studies , and sylvia rivera , a stonewall rioter and founder of street transvestite action revolutionaries .
sweet transvestite had been recorded as a b - side for a planned cd and limited edition vinyl single , but due to distribution problems the physical single was never produced .
alejandro romero plays a transvestite prostitute who shares an unexpected bond with the priest .
helping stephanie is former - prostitute - turned - backup lula , puzzle solving transvestite singer sally sweet , mentor ranger , and vice cop joe morelli .
although generally dim - witted , when the door gave him a test he was passing with flying colors until he failed to correctly identify the gender of all the chicks when he placed the transvestite chick into the female slot instead of the male slot . likes fun but often gets in trouble .
to the rescue comes hepatitos ( juan luis galiardo ) , the local homosexual and transvestite , who disguises himself as a medical doctor and advises the generals to order circumstantial homosexuality as a way to relieve the pressure in their men .
the plot involves a man who is bitten by someone he perceives as being a " transvestite " , thus making him turn into a " queerwolf " .
an officer shoved a transvestite , who responded by hitting him on the head with her purse as the crowd began to boo .
new club dj lex ( dickie ) is introduced at the start of the series and we see her battling to escape her sadistic ex - husband with the help of the club owner , transvestite stella ( jim twaddle ) .
when a multiple - letter abbreviation is formed from a single word , periods are generally not used , although they may be common in informal usage . " tv " , for example , may stand for a " single " word ( " television " or " transvestite " , for instance ) , and is generally spelled without punctuation ( except in the plural ) .
several other doctors , a married couple mr & mrs. lodger , become concerned with caligari 's experiments and approach mrs. lodgers father dr. avol who confronts caligari only to fall victim to her mindswapping and receives an injection of mrs. van houtens fluid turning him into a transvestite nymphomaniac .
the physical frailty and effeminate physique , which mary mccarthy called " a transvestite 's and fetishist 's dream of alluring ambiguity , " contrasted with the absurdly large sword by his side shows that david has conquered goliath not by physical prowess , but through the will of god .
the director also plays himself at the beginning of the film in a short scene in which he directs a young transvestite junkie to butcher himself with a drill for a photo strip entitled photo porno sexy fever .
a tongue - in - cheek joke , the homosexual / transvestite stage presence found its way into the band 's music , including songs such as " prince of the rodeo " and " rendezvous with anus " which are both thinly veiled references to anal intercourse .
the bachelor party goes awry when the stripper biscuit hired arrives , and is revealed to be a transvestite , who tells jeremy that " she " saw kerri at the lesbian bar the night before , and everyone thinks she 's now gay with marty .
not immediately apparent to singapore 's mainstream society is the fact that the gay community sees itself as a totally separate entity from the transgender communities ( often also referred to as " transvestite and transsexual " communities ) .
more recently , transvestite actor divine lived in the complex in the 1960s , as did kent warner , a costumer and noted collector of clothing and props from hollywood films .
