nicholas ashford , mit professor of technology and policy and co - author of technology , globalization , and sustainable development calls the work " an impressive , comprehensive critique and hopeful , but realistic , blueprint for transforming the global electronics industry into a sustainable one encompassing technological advance , environmental improvement , and equitable , safe , and secure employment " .
self - control stability is restored upon transforming one 's mental model to take into account the dependence of personal control on a hidden , separate thought - source , such as necessity or a divine level that transcends necessity .
however , the new king had no need for the house and consulted his lawyers about disposing of it , transforming the main wing into a convalescent home , opening the state apartments to the public , and constructing a naval college on the grounds .
in retrospect , the achievements of this project ’s nearly 40-year existence can be summed up as follows : wespennest has not only succeeded in transforming and updating the sociocritical demands of the founding era without selling out under the pressures of a changed market .
music week review said " alex turner ’s fondness for taking mundane subject matter and transforming it into something poetic may well have won him plaudits on arctic monkeys records , but mcintyre has been doing it for years ... a little gem of an album . "
to this end , paul was instrumental in defeating attempts to enact a regressive national sales tax and in transforming the federal income tax into the broad - based revenue source and tool of fiscal policy that exists today .
according to notes at byrne 's website , the conclusion of the story would see a dying galactus releasing his power causing a new big bang and transforming his herald nova into the galactus for the new universe .
when dr. todd ’s bang baby cure was transforming them back into humans , ebon staged a plan to get the last vial of bang baby gas and stage another " big bang " , " one that would potentially create more bang babies than the first one .
along with the make - up artists , the hair stylists , costume designers , and dress technicians all combine their effort into transforming an actor into a character , or a person into a presenter .
" at the same time darwin was privately scorning whewell 's faith in a human - centred universe being perfectly adapted to man and writing of " my theory " which he thought " would give zest to recent & fossil comparative anatomy " , transforming the " whole metaphysics " .
having chosen malta , the knights stayed for 268 years , transforming what they called " merely a rock of soft sandstone " into a flourishing island with mighty defenses and a capital city ( valletta ) known as " superbissima " , " most proud " , amongst the great powers of europe .
transforming iq test scores into latent variables is an attempt to find one or more dimensions on which to compare iq test scores .
instead she is confronted with a young man who emerges from swimming underwater , transforming from a fish - like form to human as he does so .
rita is an unregistered animagus , capable of transforming into a beetle to spy on unsuspecting victims for her stories .
pounce countered , blocking punch while wingspan opened the vault , transforming to hawk mode and seizing the key before escaping aboard scourge .
after a struggle , fou - lu is forced to flee by transforming into a dragon and flying away , declaring that he must find his " other half " , ryu , and re - unite with him before the empire finds him first .
there are various endings , including transforming into an octopus .
sam then witnesses bumblebee transforming into robot mode and reports it to the police , who believe he is on drugs .
it 's historically significant for its role in transforming the northern region of the state from a sparsely settled frontier to a commercial , agricultural , and industrial region that supplied chicago and areas beyond with commodities .
entertainment weekly " also credits frusciante with transforming the band 's sound into a " more relaxed , less grating , and , in their own way , more introspective album than ever before " .
he turns on the crookes tube , but seeing that it has no effect , escapes the house through the cellar door as his uncle 's body dissolves , transforming into a multitude of faces of those who died in the house as it melts .
cardinal ratzinger commented on the celebrations of the eucharist in other churches or ecclesial communities whose orders his church did not recognise , saying that ' in such celebrations there was indeed a true feeding on christ , and therefore there was a real and transforming grace ' .
the mask attaches itself to rick , fusing with his body and transforming him into a monster with superhuman strength .
the hero drives her away by reversing her own spell on her , transforming her into a frog .
between 1983 and 1992 he and his wife , high priestess tzipora klein ( née katz ) were largely responsible for transforming blue star from a local coven to a wiccan tradition of its own .
converted’ doctor and his tardis , they plan to impregnate all of humanity throughout earth ’s history with the dalek factor , transforming them into " human daleks ” .
guatemalan , salvadoran , and other immigrants now are further transforming the mid - atlantic economy and culture .
they are shown transforming the star sapphire into a violet power ring which they place on a pedestal along with a violet power battery .
in this state , she is captured by yuji and trapped in a room of chains to prevent her from transforming to escape .
in part , trade grows incrementally , but usually the establishment of capitalist relations of production involves force and violence ; transforming property relations means that assets previously owned by some people are no longer owned by them , but by other people , and making people part with their assets in this way involves coercion .
in this time , more than 1400 houses were built here , transforming pipera in one of the most expensive residential areas .
they are used for such purposes as stunning enemies , transforming his body into other forms , opening locks and chains , putting everyone else to sleep , and converting sheaves of grass into invulnerable spirit warriors .
you can compare a flowchart to an assembly line in manufacturing because the flowchart describes the progression of some task from beginning to end ( e.g. , transforming source code input into object code output by a compiler ) .
the elders cast the " transcendence " draft on her , transforming her into a swan and banishing her from the pattern ( the name " cygna " is the feminine form of " swan " in latin ) .
it is related to epidermal growth factor ( egf ) and transforming growth factor alpha ( tgf - alpha ) .
he is a member of the cbi president 's committee and chairman of the cbi 's public services strategy board , which promotes the role business has in transforming the uk 's public services and he is a commissioner for the tuc 's commission on vulnerable employment .
in the first year of the jacobs regime , the orioles nearly shocked the baseball world by transforming itself from the worst team in major league baseball with a 54–107 record in to one that fell short of winning the al eastern division title by two games .
" reapers " are vampires so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans , transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into reapers themselves .
in 1990 , the final year of the " transformers " toyline in the us , an action master figure of devastator was released , with a transforming partner named scorpulator .
he served as president until august 31 , 1980 and is recognized as transforming dalhousie university from a tiny " college by the sea " into a leading national research university .
in some species , the larva briefly develops a segmented body before transforming into the adult body plan , supporting the theory that echiruans evolved from segmented ancestors resembling more typical annelids .
qualman was a featured speaker at bookexpo america 2009 , presenting to those in attendance on how social media is transforming the way people live and do business .
laar 's reforms are often credited with responsibility for transforming estonia from an impoverished soviet republic to the " baltic tiger " .
the advent of nursing bachelors , some medical experts say , are transforming the nursing system in china and upgrading the country ’s hospital services .
the knights made rhodes their stronghold , transforming its capital into a grandiose medieval city dominated by an impressive fortress , and scattered fortresses and citadels through the rest of the islands as well .
king mu was more ambitious than wise , yet he was able to introduce reforms that changed the nature of the zhou dynasty government , transforming it from a hereditary system to one that was based on merit and knowledge of administrative skills .
this occurs when one of the down quarks in the neutron ( ) decays into an up quark by emitting a virtual boson , transforming the neutron into a proton ( ) .
his story is said to illustrate the contradictions and compromises of absolute pacifism : the willingness to seek an understanding with germany to avoid war , transforming , after france 's defeat , into a desire for proper coexistence , even offering to serve the germans .
it was designed to elevate the cossacks and ruthenians to the position equal to that of poland and lithuania in the polish - lithuanian union and in fact transforming the polish - lithuanian commonwealth into a polish - lithuanian - ruthenian commonwealth ( " rzeczpospolita trojga narodów " , " commonwealth of three nations " ) .
the church bells and gong return in the accompaniment , further transforming the previous tension and explosiveness of the previous verses into a blending , consonant prayer / resolution .
another queen 's engineering tradition is an event called " sci formal " ( science formal ) in which fourth year students spend thousands of man hours constructing and transforming the interior of grant and kingston halls into storybook scenery that rivals movie sets for a one night black tie event .
they achieve this by pumping up the chest , raising the neck and making it bigger by flexing the poll , while at the same time transforming their gaits to emphasize more upwards movement .
daigo had managed to escape the death trap and reclaim the spark lens , transforming into the mighty ultraman tiga .
he is the first transformer to reveal himself to the humans , transforming from boat mode at the end of issue # 1 .
lynestrenol has a strong progestational effect on the uterine endometrium ( transforming proliferative endometrium into secretory one ) , inhibits secretion of gonadotropin , suppresses maturation of follicles in the ovaries and ovulation , reduces menstrual bleeding .
in database systems , aggregations ( see e.g. olap aggregation ) result in transforming original data tables ( often called information systems ) into the tables with different semantics of rows and columns , wherein the rows correspond to the groups ( granules ) of original tuples and the columns express aggregated information about original values within each of the groups .
in 2006 , mediaring took its first step towards transforming itself with the strategic acquisition of netplus , an internet service provider .
monte palmer , senior fellow at the al - ahram center for strategic studies in cairo , believes that " it now appears that the american - sponsored jihad in afghanistan was the first step in transforming the jihadist movements of egypt , iran , and pakistan into an international network capable of challenging the united states .
unicef works throughout the country , but puts the majority of its human and institutional resources in these three priority geographical areas , to strengthen and stimulate brazilian citizens to exercise their citizenship rights , transforming them into politically and socially active actors who can participate in the search for solutions to the problems affecting brazilian children and adolescents .
the next night , it happens again ; leaving her room , she finds that her family is frozen , and the only other living thing is a cat , which leads her out of her house before transforming into a snake , revealing that it is really a slither and , with the help of more snakes and a darkling in the form large cat , attack her .
the virus has the effect of transforming human males into mimetic beasts ; females are somehow immune , unless they naturally generate large amounts of male hormones .
another noticeable thing about tweety is his occasional and rare habit of transforming into a giant hyde version of himself , by accidentally consuming hyde formula .
the megamorphs were transforming robots patterned on marvel comics super heroes .
crisis communication can play a significant role by transforming the unexpected into the anticipated and responding accordingly .
ursula uses her new power to gloat , transforming into a giant , and forming a whirlpool that disturbs several shipwrecks to the surface , one of which eric commandeers .
one by one the guests fall prey , transforming into hideous creatures .
on december 20 , 1842 , the south carolina legislature passed an act " to convert the arsenal at columbia , and the citadel and magazine in and near charleston , into military schools " thereby transforming the two state arsenals into the south carolina military academy .
although not one of the dinobots in this continuity , transforming into a sherman tank , this grimlock shared the rebellious attitude and speech mannerisms of other incarnations of the g1 character , although he had a softer attitude towards humans . reactivated by g.i. joe to fight the decepticons and cobra , grimlock battled cobra forces and rumble alongside roadblock , although the decepticon 's piledriver arms nearly defeated them , with grimlock telling roadblock to leave him , until bumblebee and scarlett intervened .
other prestigious projects he has worked on include yves behar ’s " voyage " chandelier ( 2005 ) , zaha hadid ’s " z island " kitchen ( 2006 ) , fredricksonstallard ’s " pandora " chandelier ( 2007 ) , hussein chalayan ’s transforming dresses ( s / s 2007 " one hundred and eleven " ) , video dresses ( s / s 2007 " airborne " ) , and laser dresses ( s / s 2008 " readings " ) .
the bite infected him with parker 's irradiated blood , transforming him into a living vampire .
two labs , that of gary struhl and that of stephen cohen , then demonstrated that a secreted signalling protein , decapentaplegic ( the " drosophila " homolgue of transforming growth factor beta ) , acted as a morphogen during later stages of " drosophila " development .
the north east india holds the key to the understanding the scope , depth , dimension and cultural diffusion between south and south east asia which played the crucial role in transforming the north east indian ethnographic canvas from prehistoric times .
the prince wastes no time finding and donning the mask , transforming into a sand wraith .
it subsequently changed to " amaretto disaronno " , transforming the origin of the product into a more distinctive brand name .
he was instrumental in transforming the international sporting commission into the fédération internationale du sport automobile ( fisa ) in 1978 .
new profile ( פרופיל חדש ) is a movement for transforming israeli society into a " civilian " one ( " חברה אזרחית " – a term recently coined by parts of the israeli left wing to highlight their view of the present society as " recruited " or " militarized " ) .
after transforming into go - on green , hant says .
leto ii becomes effectively immortal by transforming into a sandworm hybrid , and oppresses humanity during his 3,500 year reign .
the only differences were that tibbits , nicknamed flux , looked more misshapen , his forehead and joints significantly more pronounced , and his transformation was more erratic , parts of him sometimes transforming while the rest of him remained human .
the bank was the 2005 recipient of the wharton infosys business transformation award , an award given to enterprises and individuals who use information technology in a society - transforming way .
the unification ended the ancient hawaiian society of the hawaiian islands transforming it into an independent constitutional monarchy crafted in the tradition of european monarchies .
these approaches have allowed transforming this bitter weed into a valuable fodder crop .
in september 2005 , nec corporation and the nara institute of science and technology in japan ( naist ) announced new software capable of transforming cameraphones into text scanners .
darkchylde easily defeats her and reclaims her sword , transforming into her magik persona .
in 1999 hispanic broadcasting corporation ( which eventually became univision radio ) acquired the frequency transforming 103.5 into the first spanish fm radio station serving the las vegas hispanic community .
the show is part of the transformers franchise , based around alien robots transforming into animals and vehicles .
having set an appointment in a porno theatre , eddie forces karen to watch a snuff film while hiding behind her in the shadows and transforming .
joseph merrow was the driving force behind merrow developing new technology , growing the new business and transforming it from a regional supplier of crochet sewing machines , to the market leader manufacturing hundreds of models of industrial overlock sewing machines .
before they can be discovered emmeline stands and turns the others over to the aliens before transforming into one herself , the doctor then identifies them as zygons .
shah mohammad reza pahlavi had intended it to be a non - violent regeneration of iranian society through economic and social reforms called white revolution , with the ultimate long - term aim of transforming iran into a global economic and industrial power .
as described by ( 2004 ) , federated searching consists of ( 1 ) transforming a query and broadcasting it to a group of disparate databases or other web resources , with the appropriate syntax , ( 2 ) merging the results collected from the databases , ( 3 ) presenting them in a succinct and unified format with minimal duplication , and ( 4 ) providing a means , performed either automatically or by the portal user , to sort the merged result set .
affectionately dubbed the " seven wise men " by students , tyler and the six professors are credited with not only reviving william & mary , but for also transforming the college into a thriving , modern - day university .
a £ 115 m renewal project led by st modwen properties plc is currently transforming the former steel - producing part of the llanwern steelworks site .
the neet classification is defined by targets laid out by the dfes in the central government " transforming youth work " document published in 2000 .
to paracelsus , vulcan was synonymous with both the alchemist / physician 's manipulation of fire , heating and distilling of nature 's properties for medicine , and the transforming power and creative potential locked within man , the greater invisible man or " anthropos " , slumbering within .
a known phrase by a homophonic equivalent in another language , the archetypal example of which is by françois le lionnais , transforming john keats 's " a thing of beauty is a joy forever " into " un singe de beauté est un jouet pour l'hiver " ( a monkey of beauty is a toy for winter ) .
much like seras victoria , integra experiences a coming of age , gaining experience and losing her remaining innocence as events unfold and the war begins , transforming into a leader with an iron resolution who does not flinch at the first signs of danger and who gains wisdom through dire losses and betrayals .
supreme headquarters allied power europe was to become the single strategic command focused on nato field operations under the name allied command operations ( aco ) while supreme allied commander atlantic would be focused on transforming nato operations , changing its name in allied command transformation ( act ) .
after world war ii , pekuri rejoined the air force and took part in transforming the air force into the jet age .
the urbanization policy , natural phenomenon as the urbanization being required by the economic development and by the intention of transforming the predominantly agrarian country into an industrialized one , was followed throughout romania , including in areas inhabited by minorities although much less significant .
its stated goal is " to advance upmc ’s mission of positively transforming the way health care is provided in the u.s. and abroad , while revitalizing the economy of western pennsylvania . "
he is widely recognized for turning around the then struggling newspaper and transforming it into a 1990 pulitzer prize winning journal .
" transforming the nation into a developed country , five areas in combination have been identified based on india 's core competence , natural resources and talented manpower for integrated action to double the growth rate of gdp and realize the vision of developed india .
" mountains and clouds " is his grand final statement of elemental themes expressed in a powerful , space - transforming invention .
the cell then attempts to begin digesting the contents of the endosome by acidifying its interior and transforming it into a lysosome .
after a minute of the potion 's side effects , he writhes in pain , transforming into an evil form of himself ( " transformation " ) .
trends show that english is not only becoming the language of choice for a larger and larger number of people , but is actually transforming the maltese language itself .
the show is most notable for its humanoid robot heroes who responded to crises by transforming into rockets to combat a wide variety of dinosaur - like space monsters , and faceless , ninja - like villains called lugo men ( 人間モドキ " ningen - modoki " literally " mock - human " ) who melted into oozing blob - like slime when killed .
recent group exhibitions include " reflections on a legacy : vitreographs from littleton studios " at appalachian state university in boone , north carolina ( 2006 ) and " harvey k. littleton + friends : a legacy of transforming object , image & idea , " at western carolina university in cullowhee , north carolina ( 2006 - 07 ) .
in the 1970s , he created 150 water instruments called ‘ aquaphones’ ( described in his pioneering book ‘ la musique de l’eau’ ) , including a " flutabullum " , a system of transforming flute sounds by recording them underwater ) ..
though astaroth has consistently pursued the sword , his character has changed as the series progresses , eventually transforming into a power hungering creature desiring to consume the sword .
from the first cover , his obsession with a certain brand of 1950 ’s glamour , half hayworth half vargas , linked the band intrinsically to rock history , while the interpretation of these nostalgic sources projected into the future - arguably transforming roxy music into as much an aesthetic as musical experiment .
the kingdom is viewed as the means by which god will accomplish his original purpose for the earth , bringing about a world free of crime , sickness , death and poverty , ultimately transforming earth into a paradise .
envaulting is the process of transforming information ( referred to as plaintext ) using a diffusion algorithm ( usually a standard cipher such as 256-bit advanced encryption standard ) and an information entropy bits removing algorithm , to make the information unreadable to anyone except those authorized to view it .
however , it appears that the ability to do work is relative to the energy transforming mechanism that applies a force .
part of ion creangă 's contribution to the short story , fantasy and children 's literature genres involved collecting and transforming narratives circulating throughout his native region , which intertwine with his characteristic storytelling to the point where they become original contributions .
while its construction was a complex project involving the efforts of many stakeholders , the rfotc became a visible symbol of the chief 's success in transforming the once fledgling fire department into a world class institution .
48 hours after his arrest , farouk el moukaddem was released putting an end to the riots that had emerged transforming the young leader to a national heroic figure .
let b be an operator which transforms a " spin up " particle into a " spin down " particle and its adjoint b† transforming a spin down particle into a spin up particle normalized such that the anticommutator = 1 .
according to the three men , the government of the united states should annex all free and democratic nations worldwide , so transforming itself into a world government , and allowing washington dc to maintain the earth in a perpetual condition of peace .
before dustin can cross , laura reveals that she is the snatcher by transforming into a fox and attacking dustin .
he stated " i think it ’s wonderful telford has been mentioned on national tv " , with sarah raper , chief executive of economic development company transforming telford , commenting : " we hope the new character will portray telford in a positive light and increase national awareness of the town " , and councillor eric carter , telford & wrekin council cabinet member for regeneration , adding : " there are a lot of people working to put telford on the map and this will help " . "
some biologists , including fellow rockefeller institute fellow alfred mirsky , challenged avery 's finding that the transforming principle was pure dna , suggesting that protein contaminants were instead responsible .
this is the second film by director takashi yamazaki to utilize a number of computer generated visual effects showing bullet time , mecha and transforming alien ships .
esquerra valenciana is a party " of national , republican and transforming left of the valencian country ; that fights for the political sovereignty and defends the free confederation of this territory with catalonia and the balearic islands " .
the kingston trio were one such group , transforming folk music into a hot commodity and creating a demand — where none had existed before — for young men ( sometimes with women ) strumming acoustic guitars and banjos and singing folk songs and folk - like novelty songs in harmony .
at the same time , as someone removed from the politics of french academics , he was at an institutional remove from émile durkheim 's ambitions for transforming the french university .
this type of instability is associated with some specific mutations , including genes involved with dna mismatch repair and surprisingly , transforming growth factor - beta .
the solo " spider - man " series ' version , which ran around the same time , is truer to the original comic book ( in which osborn suffered from amnesia and wore a goblin costume instead of physically transforming into the goblin ) , with the goblin appearing in " revenge of the green goblin " .
in cryptography , encryption is the process of transforming information ( referred to as plaintext ) using an algorithm ( called cipher ) to make it unreadable to anyone except those possessing special knowledge , usually referred to as a key .
in the late 70 's negotiations began with the local council to purchase their own ground and in 1980 the members tackled the mammoth task of transforming of farming land into a sports complex complete with clubhouse and changing facilities which were to be second to none .
production was suspended indefinitely by 24 january , but in february actors johnny depp , jude law , and colin farrell reportedly signed on to continue ledger 's role , transforming into multiple incarnations of his character in the " magical " world of the film .
while colletta 's rates were good and he brought " an innocent marvel age look to jack 's new heroes " , he was prone to " erasing background characters " and transforming " [ b]ustling crowd scenes [ into ] easier silhouettes " .
a modular function is a modular form of weight 0 : it is " invariant " under the modular group , instead of transforming in a prescribed way , and is thus a function on the modular region ( rather than a section of a line bundle ) .
sarah , who has snuck into the party , hides in the speech podium and waits until the promotion video starts before injecting the rest of the formula into hyde , whom slowly starts transforming back into jacks .
all repairs on the gutted structure were performed by the squatters themselves , transforming the space as they worked on it .
the project provides water to more than of fertile but arid land in central washington , transforming the region into a major agricultural center .
shang yang became prime minister of the qin under the rule of duke xiao of qin and gradually began transforming the state into a vigorously regulated machine , the sole purpose of which was the elimination of all rivals .
she plays dian green rayer ( dian iko ) on " super transforming cosmopolitan prayers " ( cosprayers ) kids tv show .
horii confronts him only for yososuke to begin transforming into evolu right in front of him .
it was based on a transforming toy manufactured by toybox .
in 1984 he was responsible for transforming k - c aviation into a commercial company midwest express which started out with two dc-9 planes .
pituitary tumor - transforming gene 1 protein - interacting protein is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " pttg1ip " gene .
an icon of the american conservative movement , reagan is credited by his supporters with transforming the politics of the united states , galvanizing the success of the republican party .
this was at a time when eidos had been putting heavy advertising money into gamespot , going as far as transforming the entire website to use a kane & lynch theme and background instead of the regular gamespot layout , regardless of which game or page viewers were seeing .
all members of the robot team were capable of transforming into rockets identified respectively by gold , silver , and red - and - white color schemes .
we can work out what this invariant is by first arguing that , since it is a scalar , it does n't matter which reference frame we calculate it , and then by transforming to a frame where the total momentum is zero .
in classical music , richard wagner 's operas were a deliberate attempt to create a new kind of " gesamtkunstwerk " ( " total work of art " ) , transforming the legends of the teutonic past nearly out of recognition into a new monument to the romantic project .
in a historical sense , alchemy is the pursuit of transforming common metals into valuable gold .
shortly afterward , judah , a prostitute named ann - hari , and a remade named uzman lead a revolution in which the rail workers drive the overseers away , free the remade , and hijack the train , transforming it into a moving socialist dwelling .
relying upon the transforming power of the holy spirit , the communions come together as the council in common mission , serving in all creation to the glory of god . "
in the centre of the mask there is a hole about the size of the airy disc and the beam is focused onto this hole with a fourier transforming lens .
the show 's producers continue to claim that the show becomes much more light - hearted towards the end of its six episodes when they show " some eyes and hearts opening up , opinions changing , and a community transforming " .
his rampage did not last long , as hawk was able to open the matrix , transforming hawk into a mighty leader and rendering the commander comatose .
examples include the islamic conquests of the 7th century , european colonialism , and the concept of manifest destiny which helped the united states to dominance in north america and eventually the world , in the process transforming itself into what some call the american empire .
in 1965 , in recognition of its enrollment growth ( 10,066 students ) and for transforming into more than a school to educate public school teachers , the indiana general assembly renamed the school ball state university .
contrary to most research on what constitutes " good organizing practices , " voss and sherman found that top - down pressure from national union leaders was the single most important factor in transforming the union from a servicing model to an organizing model .
" these kids " couples a haunting melody with turner ’s vocal percussion , transforming into a heavier rock sound towards its conclusion .
after transforming american comics with the seminal 1980s comics anthology raw , mouly is now out to teach kids to read by using comics .
whereas to gould , there are unchanging boundaries set by physics and chemistry , maynard smith , szathmary and dawkins view evoluion as irreversibly transforming these boundaries . "
satoshi hiwatari is also seen as showing concern for her in the manga , deliberately transforming into krad — something he normally fights — to try and save her when he sees her falling from a tower during argentine 's attack .
due to lack of correct information while transforming from urdu , persian and arabic alphabets our indian blog writers may pronounce in other ways .
he demonstrates the power of the tarnhelm , by transforming into a giant snake .
in 1929 , with the bridge covered in weeds , antoinette burnham came up with the idea of transforming the bridge into a garden .
after transforming , ranru says " dash with guts ! abareyellow ! " .
by now , brundle had realized that he was slowly transforming into a human / insect hybrid , which he dubbed " brundlefly . "
the functions formula_2 then have the property of transforming with spin weight " s " .
to obtain tractive power , capacitors would excite the flywheel 's charging motor so that it became a generator , in this way transforming the energy stored in the flywheel back into electricity .
for instance , 30 years after the millenium incident , she has such control over her shadow matter that she can mimic alucard 's entire outfit by transforming it , but she still can not shapeshift any part of her body besides her arm .
since the allied forces greatly outnumbered the germans in tanks and mobile units , transforming the battle into a more fluid fast - moving battle was to their advantage .
interestingly , jefferson ( who famously had a keen interest in paleontology ) is also partially responsible for transforming the word " mammoth " from a noun describing the prehistoric elephant to an adjective describing anything amazingly large .
cuban americans have been very successful in establishing businesses and developing political clout by transforming miami from a beach retirement community into a modern city with a younger demographic base with a distinct caribbean flavor .
in 1971 , christine 's hometown honored her by transforming the city water tower to resemble a giant coffeepot .
this device granted nicolette giroux with a portion of watoomb 's power and will , creating tempest ; dr. stephen strange had possessed the device for years prior to this event without transforming into an exemplar .
however , by transforming into mega man , he can traverse both the real world and wave world .
in tabart 's moralized version , a fairy woman explains to jack that the giant had robbed and killed his father , thus transforming the acts into justified retribution .
helton proves himself to be an efficient farmhand , single - handedly transforming thompson 's run - down dairy farm into a productive , profitable enterprise .
the yozis have tasked the green sun princes with transforming creation into a mirror of malfeas , which they believe will break their bonds and reverse their disfiguring imprisonment .
of these , six ( bmp2 through bmp7 ) belong to the transforming growth factor beta superfamily of proteins .
during jio 's battle with jack crescent , baku was possessed by miko in order to steal the other half of the legendary o - part , his face even transforming into miko 's .
megatron 's remains are discovered by the young isaac sumdac , who reverse - engineers his cybertronian technology to create massive leaps in earth machinery , transforming the planet into a technological utopia over the course of the following fifty years .
zxtm ( zeus extensible traffic manager ) manages application traffic , inspecting , transforming and routing requests as it load - balances them across the application infrastructure .
under his rule , krishnaraja wodeyar who had the redoubtable sir m. vishweshwariah as his diwan , set about transforming mysore into one of the most progressive and modern states of the time .
the department of parks & recreation and pace university reconstructed drumgoole plaza , transforming this empty lot into a new sitting area complete with the 1964 new york world 's fair benches , colorful decorative paving , architectural lighting , and lush landscaping with horticultural elements such as flowering trees and ornamental shrubs .
in june 2008 , pinkas was awarded the highest accolade in israel ’s environmental community - the " green globe " - for his work as chairperson of the dan region association of towns in transforming the association into a 100% recyclable organization .
the " doer " in deification is the holy spirit , with whom the human being joins his will to receive this transforming grace by praxis and prayer .
known as linked environments for atmospheric discovery ( lead ) , a transforming element of this project is the ability for analysis tools , forecast models , and data repositories to function as dynamically adaptive , on - demand systems that can change configuration rapidly and automatically in response to the evolving weather ; respond immediately to user decisions based upon the weather problem at hand ; and steer remote observing systems to optimize data collection and forecast / warning quality .
violet vivian , who began transforming the rugged landscape into a fine garden in 1922 .
addison became president of the local government board in january 1919 , with the goal of transforming it into a ministry of health .
he effectively out - manoeuvered much more high profile members of the group such as paul watson in its internal politics and can be primarily credited with transforming the organization from a small , vociferous canadian pressure group into the highly efficient international movement it is today .
" transforming enterprise : the economic and social implications of information technology " ( mit , 2005 ) .
nox teaches her about the passions of man by transforming orlene 's body into that of a male ; she is unable to control the foreign impluses or to stop herself from ravishing jolie .
they are lined with columns depicting serpents devouring humanoids , or of humans transforming into serpents .
digital technology and the internet are transforming the platforms for delivering news , entertainment and other information in significant ways .
former austin mayor bruce todd credited butler as one of the developers most responsible for transforming downtown austin .
at the end of the strip , the vicar gives eight £ 1.49 from the collection plate , which he goes and spends on the ace , instantly transforming into his old inebriated self .
rom found him again but could n’t prevent him from transforming his ally starshine back into a human .
crosson followed with a satire of the personal and political " blame game , " transforming jamie foxx 's " blame it ( on the alcohol ) " into a collaborative spoof whose lyrics chide those who blame their situation on the economy ( ... and on the news , on taxpayer blues , on their loans , on bush , and on cheney ) .
dr. ned had been in charge of keeping the workers of jakobs cove alive , but ended up transforming them into zombies .
when the car is shown transforming atop its customary mountain of trash , the extra parts are somewhat consistently shown to be shifted to stationary positions at the top of the junk pile ( the chimney is even left attached to a small wood - burning stove always seen in the pile just below the car / camper ) .
in " graduation day , part two " , during a speech he is giving at the sunnydale high graduation of the class of 1999 , his ascension goes into full effect , transforming him into olvikan ( who eats principal snyder shortly afterward ) .
odegaard is credited in transforming the university of washington from an average state university to one among the top public universities in the united states .
with the objective of transforming brazil into a modern capitalist economy and a military power , the regime implemented a series of reforms aimed at reducing inflation , at removing some of the distortions of import - substitution industrialization , and at modernizing capital markets .
lewiston also claims to have been the first showman to buy and repurpose the " headless girl " display , transforming it from a simple illusion act to fooling audiences by pretending she was real .
transforming to his true form , he began his assault in the middle of the city .
despite an attempt at keeping the vampire at bay with garlic , dracula entices lucy out of her chamber late at night and drains her blood , killing her and transforming her into one of the undead .
after the events at the jazz club , peter rejects the symbiote and it takes hold of eddie , transforming him into venom .
baron , was an entrepreneur in meiji , taishō and early shōwa period japan , responsible for transforming mitsui into a " zaibatsu " through the creation of a general trading company , mitsui bussan .
amichai has been credited with a " rare ability for transforming the personal , even private , love situation , with all its joys and agonies , into everybody 's experience , making his own time and place general . "
these changes were transforming the way spaniards defined their religious identity .
founded in 1901 by state senator edgar brackett , it played a large role in transforming saratoga springs from a small " boom and bust " town into a thriving city .
he again travelled to ukraine where he met historian nikolay kostomarov and other members of the brotherhood of saints cyril and methodius , a pan - slavist political society dedicated to the political liberalization of the empire and transforming it into a federation - like polity of slavic nations .
consistent with the working definition used in this document also defines knowledge management ( km ) to be an integrated , systematic approach to identifying , acquiring , transforming , developing , disseminating , using , sharing , and preserving knowledge , relevant to achieving specified objectives .
the power of the orange light allows larfleeze to steal the identities of those he kills , transforming them into an orange lantern construct .
george barna " transforming children into spiritual champions " , 2003 ) .
an investment and construction boom is rapidly transforming both sesheke and katima mulilo , as well as surrounding areas .
boyne was responsible for transforming the museum 's dilapidated silver hill facility into the world 's premier restoration facility .
ozon never achieved its goal of developing into a popular mass movement , and transforming rydz into " poland 's second great leader " ( after piłsudski himself ) .
goh lent a hand and managed to free them , before unknowingly transforming into the new ultraman , ultraman jack , by sheer willpower .
it is transforming tonnes of household and commercial waste into valuable biomass fibre - a clean , green alternative to fossil fuels .
enraged , maroni throws a vial of acid at dent , horribly disfiguring him and transforming him into the insane gangster two - face .
his work , for the most part is spontaneous and leans towards transforming the image rather than merely describing it , in what he now refers to as transformative description / descriptive transformation .
so long as the killer takes some measure of satisfaction from the victory , this will result in the victor 's body transforming and their soul becoming trapped in lucius 's suit of armor .
he had to commit suicide to prevent himself from transforming into something terrible shortly afterwards .
if one has a linear transformation formula_2 in functional form , it is easy to determine the transformation matrix a by simply transforming each of the vectors of the standard basis by " t " and then inserting the results into the columns of a matrix .
a vital aspect of economies at this time was that they were transforming from barter economies to money economies .
a masterplan was produced that advocated evicting the remaining industrial occupiers of the quaysides and transforming the dock into a residential area .
but is now the hub of commercial activity with a rapidly expanding commercial and businesses , transforming the colony a town - like atmosphere .
it was in 1941 that the school 's charter was amended , transforming it from a center for education into a ' two - year liberal arts school . '
many scholars in those days thought it reasonable to believe that there exist means for transforming cheaper ( base ) metals into gold .
if the children who attend public schools in the united states were to be taught how to use that same technology then they could , when they become members of the u.s. congress , apply that technology to the task of transforming america into a full - fledged scientocracy .
moscow considered eastern europe to be a buffer zone for the forward defense of its western borders and ensured its control of the region by transforming the east european countries into satellite states .
the car 's advanced technology was the focus of a well - known television advertising campaign showing the car transforming into a giant dancing robot , accompanied by the song " jacques your body ( make me sweat ) " by les rythmes digitales .
the plot , anghelescu notes , inverts these two main roles , transforming the goat into a carnivore , the wolf into " steak " , and " the culinary fire " into a " fire of pain , of revenge and of death . "
thus , if the invention as a whole meets the requirements of patentability — that is , it involves " transforming or reducing an article to a different state or thing "— it is patent - eligible even if it includes a software component .
with hastily drafted zoning variances or in wanton violation of the law , builders tore down countless art deco palaces and asphalted many of the city 's finest parks , transforming one of the most beautiful cities in europe into a thick , unsightly forest of cement condominia .
she once had an incident involving tedd transforming her into a catgirl , since which she has been extremely cautious about transformations involving herself .
it retained this core principle even as it began transforming giant into a national and international brand .
though the first person to teach positive psychology in the uk , nick might also claim to be the first insider to critique the new approach as entirely inadequate for understanding and transforming lives .
swift advances in knowledge of genetics and organic molecules spurred growth in the field of biotechnology , transforming the industries in which biological scientists work .
it is claimed that in about 1840 the earl of eglington , then sovereign grand commander , rewrote the statutes transforming the order into a private order of chivalry which it remains .
other manufacturers followed , transforming pawtucket into a center for textiles , iron working and other products .
several homages to goku 's second transformation occur here , including gohan transforming while being hit with an electrical attack .
jose tells maruyama that paifu can not look at a cross figure for more than three seconds due to the transforming gene .
soon , poplar street begins to change shape , transforming into a wild west caricature based on what seth has seen on his television .
however , by transforming the series into
the same year he returned to ljubljana , where he became the editor of the catholic journal " dom in svet " , transforming it into the most prestiogious literary magazine in the slovene lands .
the above sentence structures , however , can be altogether avoided in english by transforming the noun into a past - tense verb , e.g. " i penned the book . "
other immune factors found in the testis include the enzyme inducible nitric oxide synthase ( inos ) , and its product nitric oxide ( no ) , transforming growth factor beta ( tgfβ ) , the enzyme cyclooxygenase-2 ( cox-2 ) and its product prostaglandin e2 , and many others .
it is generally considered to be a blend of asian and western culture , with globalization continuously transforming the culture of the country .
later ndoki discovers that he can destabilize or animate any matter he touches or phases into , and manipulate external energy fields by transforming part or all of his body into a stable waveform .
in 1982 , the line later featured the car - robots set of transforming robot toys , invented by koujin ohno with some initial designs by kawamori and others .
she is the producer of " super transforming cosmopolitan prayers " ( cosprayers ) a children 's tv show .
he was a product of the german historical school with an emphasis on evolution to new forms , and never accepted the marginalist revolution that was transforming economic theory in britain and the u.s. he held the professorship of economics at johns hopkins university from 1881 to 1892 , and was subsequently professor of economics at the university of wisconsin – madison .
however as the " dwarf"ers discovered the dna - transforming machine could also malfunction ; for example , when lister tried to turn a mutton vindaloo into a chicken vindaloo , it reanimated the dead organic matter , creating a ravenous snarling beast ( referred to as " the mutton vindaloo beast " or the " curry monster " or the " psychopathic curry man " ) .
