ucp1 is related to other mitochondrial metabolite transporters such as the adenine nucleotide translocator , a proton channel in the mitochondrial inner membrane that permits the translocation of protons from the mitochondrial intermembrane space to the mitochondrial matrix .
paracaspase has been first identified in a recurrent t(11;18)(q21;q21 ) chromosomal translocation associated with a subset of malt lymphoma .
the classical example is the " drosophila " w[m4](speak white - mottled-4 ) translocation .
there is clinical evidence that imatinib , which inhibits pdgfb , may be effective for tumors positive for the t(17;22 ) translocation .
during an " e. coli " infection , myosin light chain ( mlc ) is phosphorylated leading to the degradation of the tight junctions between intestinal mucosa enterocytes . " s. boulardii " has been shown to prevent this phosphorylation , leading to a reduction in mucosal permeability and thus a decrease in the translocation of the pathogenic bacteria .
species translocation .
ewing sarcoma is the result of a translocation between chromosomes 11 and 22 , which fuses the ews gene of chromosome 22 to the fli1 gene of chromosome 11 .
in january 2005 , the government of the democratic republic of congo ( drc ) approved a two - part plan for the translocation of five northern white rhino from garamba national park to a wildlife sanctuary in kenya .
a weak colchicine chemical solution has been employed to increase the probability of recombination in the proximal chromosome regions and thus the introduction of the translocation to that region .
the long arm of chromosome 21 is attached to another chromosome , often chromosome 14 ( 45,xx , t(14;21q ) ) or itself ( called an isochromosome , 45,xx , t(21q;21q ) ) as seen in the translocation karyotype figure .
a well - known example of this is the philadelphia chromosome , or translocation of chromosomes 9 and 22 , which occurs in chronic myelogenous leukemia , and results in production of the bcr - abl fusion protein , an oncogenic tyrosine kinase .
without this translocation , the a site remains occupied and thus the addition of an incoming trna and its attached amino acid to the nascent polypeptide chain is inhibited .
translocation ( wildlife conservation ) .
in 1973 , janet d. rowley at the university of chicago identified the mechanism by which the philadelphia chromosome arises as a translocation .
• 2004 , discovery of new physics in translocation of dna through nanopores
about one in a thousand newborns has a robertsonian translocation .
the atp molecules bound before the initial recognition step are hydrolyzed before translocation .
it might be also involved in translocation of glucosylceramides .
chain elongation by one aminoacyl residue and chain translocation to the next t domain occurs in concert .
the predicted translocation pathway in btucd is open to the periplasm and closed at the cytoplasmic side of the membrane while that of hi1470/1 faces the opposite direction and open only to the cytoplasm .
however , pkm2 contains an inducible nuclear translocation signal in its c - domain .
the large amount of building activity and above all the rebuilding of saint peter , which was the ultimate result of this translocation , attracted several artists to the borgo , while the renewed flood of pilgrims boosted commerce .
in this case the child , known as cs , carried a chromosomal rearrangement ( a translocation ) in which part of chromosome 7 had become exchanged with part of chromosome 5 .
this diagnostic fold can also be found in the malf and malg tm subunits of malfgk2 and the met transporter meti. in the meti transporter , a minimal set of 5 transmembrane helices constitute this fold while an additional helix is present for both modb and malg. the common organization of the fold is the “ up - down ” topology of the tm2 - 5 helices that lines the translocation pathway and the tm1 helix wrapped around the outer , membrane - facing surface and contacts the other tm helices .
other causes include uniparental disomy , translocation , or single gene mutation in that region .
• 2004 , first single - molecule study of dna translocation by a restriction - modification enzyme
of recent interest , however , is the characterization of a patient with symptoms similar to hsh who has a translocation of the chromosomes 9 and x.
the ews / wt1 translocation product targets ent4 .
aspirin and curcumin ( diferuloylmethane ) too activate caspase-8 to cleave and translocated bid , induced a conformational change in and translocation of bax and cytochrome - c release .
certain cytogenetic abnormalities are associated with very good outcomes ( for example , the ( 15;17 ) translocation in acute promyelocytic leukemia ) .
the second part commits the government and its international partners to increase conservation efforts in garamba , so that the northern white rhinos can be returned when it is safe again.[5 ] the translocation did not occur , due to the death of the remaining animals .
lepa is suspected to improve the fidelity of translation by recognizing a ribosome with mistranslocated trna and consequently inducing a back - translocation .
activation of the mineralocorticoid receptor , upon the binding of its ligand aldosterone , results in its translocation to the cell nucleus , homodimerization and binding to hormone response elements present in the promoter of some genes .
the q loop is presumed to be involved in the interaction of the nbd and tmd , particularly in the coupling of nucleotide hydrolysis to the conformational changes of the tmd during substrate translocation .
for example , researchers have found a translocation between chromosomes 8 and 22 in several people with a cancer of blood cells called acute myeloid leukemia ( aml ) .
the goal of these proteins is threefold : to alter the expression of host proteins that are necessary for dna synthesis ; to activate other virus genes ( such as the virus - encoded dna polymerase ) ; and to avoid premature death of the infected cell by the host - immune defenses ( blockage of apoptosis , blockage of interferon activity , and blockage of mhc class i translocation and expression ) .
fluorescent in situ hybridization performed on blood or bone marrow is often used for this purpose , as it readily identifies the chromosomal translocation ( t[15;17 ] ) that characterizes apl .
however , the most studied member of the scramblase family plscr1 was shown to be defective in translocation of phospholipids when reconstituted into proteoliposomes in vitro .
in pediatric ewing ’s sarcoma a chromosomal translocation generates a fusion of the 5’ transactivation domain of ews with the 3’ ets domain of fli-1 .
this is found in 80% of cases , while 10% of cases show a reciprocal translocation of chromosome 14 ( t(14;14)(q11;q32 ) ) .
if " loxp " sites are on different chromosomes it is possible for translocation events to be catalysed by cre induced recombination .
the rapid adaptive increase in sub cell membrane npt2 with chronic feeding of a high pi diet , after an acute administration of a low pi diet , is probably mediated by translocation of presynthesized npt2 to this portion by microtubule - dependent mechanisms .
" recombinant fusion proteins " are created artificially by recombinant dna technology for use in biological research or therapeutics . " chimeric mutant proteins " occur naturally when a large - scale mutation , typically a chromosomal translocation , creates a novel coding sequence containing parts of the coding sequences from two different genes .
people with an unbalanced translocation may have features of 18p- as well as features of the chromosome duplication .
clpahs have the ability to bind to and activate the ahr. the biological pathway involves translocation of the activated ahr to the nucleus .
some cases are associated with reciprocal translocation between chromosomes or maternal illness .
after the translocation , the metabolites transported are modified .
the second phase of the translocation project will occur in the near future , despite legal challenges filed by the center of biological diversity
ets translocation variant 4 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " etv4 " gene .
these cells do so by somal translocation .
this would seem to break the rule of " co - translational " translocation which has always held for mammalian proteins targeted to the er .
if these structures are manipulated incorrectly , through processes known as chromosomal instability and translocation , the cell may undergo mitotic catastrophe and die , or it may aberrantly evade apoptosis leading to the progression of cancer .
binding of α-amanitin puts a constraint on its mobility , hence slowing down the translocation of the polymerase and the rate of synthesis of the rna molecule .
finally , there is a large family with a phenotype indistinguishable from fshd in which no pathological changes at the 4q site or translocation of 4q-10q are found .
grafting tomato with tolerant rootstock has been highly effective at producing a saline - tolerant plant and research indicates that several rootstocks prevented the translocation of sodium and chloride into the shoot .
components of the tim complex facilitate the translocation of proteins across the inner membrane and into the matrix ( biology ) .
this differs from the mechanism used in fish , amphibians and reptiles , in that the shape of the sacculus is being changed rather than a translocation of pigment vesicles within the cell .
it is also listed as endangered by the western cape province nature conservation ordinance , making it illegal to kill it , and to catch it except for supervised translocation and research projects .
attempts were made to capture some snipe ( and wrens ) for translocation to a safe island , but only two snipe were caught and both died the next day
mutations in this gene give rise to xy females with gonadal dysgenesis ( swyer syndrome ) ; translocation of part of the y chromosome containing this gene to the x chromosome causes xx male syndrome .
translocation is the conventional solution taken to solve the issue .
as the other biochromatic chomatophores are also capable of pigment translocation , animals with multiple chromatophore types can generate a spectacular array of skin colours by making good use of the divisional effect .
zinc translocation , thus elevating zinc content in edible crop parts rather than the rest of the plant ;
although cargo passes through the pore with the assistance of chaperone proteins , the translocation through the pore itself is not energy dependent .
ampk is known to cause glut4 translocation , resulting in insulin - independent glucose uptake .
another translocation , involving chromosomes 11 and 22 , has been found in a small number of people who have undergone cancer treatment .
translocation occurs through a series of events which begin in the endosome as it acidifies .
in this case , the long arms of chromosomes 13 and 14 have fused , but no genetic material was lost - this person is completely normal despite the translocation .
translocation , which occurs when bacteria leave the gut through its mucosal lining , the border between the lumen of the gut and the inside of the body , can occur in a number of different diseases .
a captive breeding and translocation program at mkomazi game reserve , the first of its kind in east africa , was founded in 1995 to provide dogs for a multinational effort to stabilize their numbers and to reintroduce the species to its traditional homeland .
proteins with a twin arginine motif in their thylakoid signal peptide are shuttled through the tat ( twin arginine translocation ) pathway , which requires a membrane - bound tat complex and the ph gradient as an energy source .
this function requires ikk-α translocation into the cell nucleus but is completely independent of nf-κb signalling .
it was believed that translocation could progress at 4oc and most likely involved a direct electrostatic interaction with negatively charged phospholipids .
more specifically , the translocation is at t(11;14)(q13;q32 ) .
in saline or calcareous materials , clay translocation is preceded by leaching of salts and carbonates .
in some cases , if one allele is placed on a different chromosome by a translocation , transvection does not occur .
a robertsonian translocation in balanced form results in no excess or deficit of genetic material and causes no health difficulties .
the paul revere society and dr. michael savage have donated $ 25,000 to the international fund for animal welfare to aid in the translocation of 83 elephants in malawi .
abc transporters are transmembrane proteins that utilize the energy of adenosine triphosphate ( atp ) hydrolysis to carry out certain biological processes including translocation of various substrates across membranes and non - transport - related processes such as translation of rna and dna repair .
sirs is the cause of bacterial ( gram negative ) translocation from the patients colon .
smad4 binds to receptor regulated smads ( r - smads ) , such as smad1 or smad2 and facilitates the translocation of the heteromeric complex into the nucleus .
uses : chromosomal translocation mrd detection widely used as a standard clinical practice .
these include laws and regulations to control hunting pressure , the establishment of protected areas to prevent further habitat loss , the establishment of captive populations for reintroduction back into the wild ( " ex situ " conservation ) and the translocation of individuals to suitable habitat to create additional populations .
translocation .
the association with smad4 is important for the translocation of this protein into the cell nucleus , where it binds to target promoters and forms a transcription repressor complex with other cofactors .
from january to april 2009 , the scottish government conducted a trial translocation of eurasian sparrowhawks from around racing pigeon lofts in glasgow , edinburgh , kilmarnock , stirling and dumfries .
at the core of a chromatin remodeling complexes is an atpase capable of dna translocation .
with a translocation , a person has a partial trisomy for chromosome 18 , and the abnormalities are often less severe than for the typical edwards syndrome .
these studies promoted endocytosis as the translocation pathway .
translocation occurs when two separate chromosomal regions become abnormally fused , often at a characteristic location .
cml was the first malignancy to be linked to a clear genetic abnormality , the chromosomal translocation known as the philadelphia chromosome .
the sperm 's mitochondria are left behind as the sperm enters and drives through the coat ; this translocation of the mitochondria might provide the necessary force for penetration .
trka was originally cloned from a colon tumor ; the cancer occurred via a translocation , which resulted in the activation of the trka kinase domain .
apart from the rescue work which currently takes up most of the national team 's time , chief inspector harrison still manages to find time to deal with the myriad other animal welfare concerns of the society , such as live animal transportation , intensive farming , wildlife in captivity , improving the conditions of laboratory animals , the introduction of codes of practice for livestock producers , export and translocation of wild animals and ensuring the humane treatment of regulated problem animals .
the translocation damage to a gene is required in only one cell for the cancer to begin .
somal translocation can occur at any time during development .
creation of double - stranded dna also involves " strand transfer " , in which there is a translocation of short dna product from initial rna dependent dna synthesis to acceptor template regions at the other end of the genome , which are later reached and processed by the reverse transcriptase for its dna - dependent dna activity .
the majority of early research suggested that the translocation of polycationic cpps across biological membranes occurred via an energy independent cellular process .
on both plans , it was proposed that after delivering springer to her natal waters , the rescue team and critical equipment would then be kept in place and marshalled for a " return trip " -- the translocation of luna from nootka sound , bc to his natal waters in puget sound , washington .
the third becomes a translocation carrier , like the parent .
the transfer of electrons is coupled to the translocation of protons across a membrane , producing a proton gradient .
unfortunately , the attempted translocation of kakapo was in vain as stoats reached the island around 1900 and kakapo did not survive there .
copper concentrations were normal , and the results for mercury showed that mercury translocation from soil to crops was very low .
it has been demonstrated that the background adaptation process is vision dependent ( it appears the animal needs to be able to see the environment to adapt to it ) , and that melanin translocation in melanophores is the major factor in colour change .
efficient dock180 gef activity in a cellular context is known to require the formation of a complex between dock180 and its cognate adaptor proteins , which assist its translocation to the plasma mambrane and binding to rac .
in podzols , translocation has meant the eluviation of clays , humic acids , iron , and other soluble constituents from the a and e horizons .
this can result in changes in red cell membranes , including translocation of phosphatidylserine to their surface , followed by macrophage recognition and ingestion .
nitrite reduction is much simpler , with nitrite being oxidized by the enzyme nitrite oxidoreductase coupled to proton translocation by a very short electron transport chain , again leading to very low growth rates for these organisms .
robertsonian translocation .
in 1960 there is yet another translocation , this time to catanzaro sala , in a bigger facility , more suitable for the levels of production that the firm has reached .
notch homolog 1 , translocation - associated ( drosophila ) , also known as notch1 , is a human gene encoding a single - pass transmembrane receptor .
this translocation creates a fusion between two genes named aspl and tfe3 , which results in the formation of an aberrant protein ( termed fusion protein ) that is not found in normal cells .
translocation .
with a translocation , the person has a partial trisomy for chromosome 13 and often the physical signs of the syndrome differ from the typical patau syndrome .
if that proves impossible , then in june dfo would go to " plan b , " the hard capture and translocation of the orca to a repatriation site at pedder bay , on the southern end of vancouver island , where he would be released to his family .
translocation also moves nutrients downward from light - exposed surface fronds to sporophylls ( reproductive fronds ) at the base of the kelp , where there is little light and thus little photosynthesis to produce food .
possessing chromosomes of varying shapes is generally the result of a chromosomal translocation or chromosomal inversion .
the atpase activity of sav1866 is known to be stimulated by cancer drugs such as doxorubicin and vinblastine , which suggests similar substrate specificity to p - glycoprotein and therefore a possible common mechanism of substrate translocation .
this subunit is a key component of the proton channel , and may play a direct role in the translocation of protons across the membrane .
it is not known what causes the translocation damage to the gene .
the royal forest and bird protection society obtained a declaration in december 2005 from the high court requiring " solid energy " to get permission from the minister of conservation and the minister of energy for this translocation , as well as any transfer of heavy machinery , and any impact on habitat .
in eukaryotes the export pathway is well developed and the main mechanism for the export of these proteins is translocation to the endoplasmatic reticulum , followed by transport via the golgi apparatus .
this plan includes wild translocation and the establishment of a successful captive or semi - captive breeding program using wild source eggs for reintroductions to the main hawaiian islands .
they are named after the american insect geneticist w. r. b. robertson , who first described a robertsonian translocation in grasshoppers in 1916 .
a ' leaky ' bowel wall may lead to translocation of bacteria and/or endotoxin , which may be an important stimulus for inflammatory cytokine activation .
in follicular lymphoma , a chromosomal translocation commonly occurs between the fourteenth and the eighteenth chromosomes — t(14;18)—which places the bcl-2 gene next to the immunoglobulin heavy chain locus .
in some cases , a metacentric chromosome is formed by balanced robertsonian translocation : the fusion of two acrocentric chromosomes to form one metacentric chromosome .
therefore , fish for this translocation should also be performed if using snp arrays to detect genome - wide copy number alterations of prognostic significance in mm .
the major driving force for the translocation of ions in plant cells is δph. h+-atpases pump h+ ions against their concentration gradient to maintain the ph differential that can be used for the transport of other ions and molecules .
l. reuteri " greatly mitigates the symptoms of methotrexate - induced enterocolitis in rats , one of which is bacterial translocation .
often , when conducting translocation programs , differences in specific habitat types between the source and release sites are not evaluated as long as the release site contains suitable habitat for the species .
the phosphotransferase system ( pts ) is a complex group translocation system present in many bacteria .
his few attempts were unsuccessful due to technical difficulties posed by the translocation of the coronary arteries , and the idea was abandoned .
a similar defect in ps translocation has also been demonstrated in scott syndrome red blood cells and epstein - barr virus transformed lymphocytes , suggesting that the defect in scott syndrome reflects a mutation in a stem cell that effects multiple hematological lineages .
13 years later , with the development of more advancecd techniques , the abnormal chromosome was shown by janet rowley to be the result of a translocation of chromosomes 9 and 22 .
this gene encodes a c2h2-type zinc finger protein and is closely related to bcl11a , a gene whose translocation may be associated with b - cell malignancies .
m5 is associated with characteristic chromosomal abnormalities , often involving 11q23 or t(9;11)affecting the mll locus , however the mll translocation is also found in other aml subtypes .
it essentially is an abnormal break and subsequent translocation in a gene that causes the cells to divide too early before becoming capable of helping to fight diseases .
deregulation of foxo3a is involved in tumorigenesis , for example translocation of this gene with the mll gene is associated with secondary acute leukemia .
evidence has been presented that translocation could use several different pathways for uptake .
the seabird translocation techniques perfected on mana island are being used with rare and endangered species elsewhere in new zealand , such as the taiko , chathams petrel and hutton 's shearwater .
following binding , and while the binding site is facing , say , outwards , the carrier will capture or occlude ( take in and retain ) the substrate within its molecular structure and cause an internal translocation , so that it now faces the other side of the membrane .
tom manages to defeat one of the creatures then used song of translocation to transport the other monsters to a location that does 5% damage to all monsters .
cell penetrating peptide facilitated translocation is a topic of great debate .
destarching occurs when part of a plant is " deprived of starch , as by translocation " .
re - stocking is the translocation of an organism into the wild into an area where it is already present .
the island was chosen in august 2005 as a site for the translocation of a gilbert 's potoroo population from the two peoples bay nature reserve .
bifc has been used to study nuclear translocation , via complex localisation , as well as interactions involving integral membrane proteins .
the pressure flow hypothesis was a hypothesis proposed by ernst munch in 1930 that explained the mechanism of phloem translocation .
the majority of identified clock components are transcriptional activators or repressors that modulate protein stability and nuclear translocation , and create two interlocking feedback loops .
in order for the translocation of mrnas through the nuclear pore complex to occur , a heterodimer consisting of nxf1/tap and nxt1/p15 must bind to the transcripts .
pfic-1 is caused by a variety of mutations in atp8b1 , a gene coding for a p - type atpase protein , fic-1 , that is responsible for phospholipid translocation .
the translocation produces a fusion protein which is encoded by sequence from both bcr and abl , the gene at the chromosome 9 breakpoint .
in agreement with the international system for human cytogenetic nomenclature ( iscn ) , this chromosomal translocation is designated as t(9;22)(q34;q11 ) .
in addition to the philadelphia chromosome they also exhibit a second reciprocal translocation between the long arm of chromosome 15 with chromosome 17 .
while this is indeed the case for the carotenoids and xanthophylls ( orange and yellow pigments ) , anthocyanins are not synthesized until the plant has begun breaking down the chlorophyll , presumably for photoprotection during nitrogen translocation .
when news about yuri , who had been trapped in the past by the soviets after the battle in transylvania , arrived at the psicorps ' command center in antarctica , his loyal followers quickly decided to prepare for the salvage operation , based on the temporal displacement device built secretly by albert einstein during the previous war against yuri 's forces ( presumably the first ever built in their parallel universe , as the soviets had stolen the finished time machine in another one , before the translocation and then moved back in time before the device was actually built ) .
the reduction in chromosome number is due to centric fusion ( robertsonian translocation ) of two telocentrics into a single metacentric .
mechanisms of membrane translocation .
another translocation , involving chromosomes 11 and 22 , has been found in a small number of people who have undergone cancer treatment .
translocation as a tool is used to reduce the risk of a catastrophe to a species with a single population , to improve genetic heterogeneity of separated populations of a species , to aid the natural recovery of a species or re - establish a species where barriers might prevent it from doing so naturally .
it was shown that the proliferation of human lymphoma cells ( with t(14;18 ) translocation ) could be inhibited by antisense rna targeted at the start codon region of bcl-2 mrna .
the island is being used as a translocation site for the endangered heath " epacris stuartii " , which is threatened in its nearby natural habitat by cinnamon fungus .
akt2 is required for the insulin - induced translocation of glucose transporter 4 ( glut4 ) to the plasma membrane .
philadelphia chromosome or philadelphia translocation is a specific chromosomal abnormality that is associated with chronic myelogenous leukemia ( cml ) .
abc proteins have two nucleotide binding domains ( areas where atp binds to the protein and are hydrolysed to adp ) and two transmembrane domains ( parts of the protein which span the membrane through which the substrate that 's to be transported passes , the substrate translocation pathway ) .
pep group translocation .
by back - translocating the already post - transcriptionally modified ribosome , the ef - g factor is consequentially enabled to attempt translocation for a second time .
with the climate getting warmer the basins are starting to disappear because of things like plant translocation as well as evaporation .
in an acrocentric chromosome the p arm contains genetic material including repeated sequences such as nucleolar organizing regions , and can be translocated without significant harm , as in a balanced robertsonian translocation .
this complex has also been suggested to exist in cytoplasm and its translocation into the nucleus is dependent on the nuclear localization signals on fanca and fance .
it works in apl because the majority of cases involve a chromosomal translocation of chromosomes 15 and 17 , which causes genetic fusion of the retinoic acid receptor ( " rar " ) gene to the promyelocytic leukemia ( " pml " ) gene .
for example , if the goal of an experiment is to detect the breakpoint of a translocation , then the overlap of the probes — the degree to which one dna sequence is contained in the adjacent probes — defines the minimum window in which the breakpoint may be detected .
pfic-3 is caused by a variety of mutations in abcb4 , the gene encoding multidrug resistance protein 3 ( mdr3 ) , which codes for a flippase responsible for phosphatidylcholine translocation .
the mechanism for ion translocation in kcsa has been studied extensively by simulation techniques .
protein translocation .
bcl-2 derives its name from " b - cell lymphoma 2 " , as it is the second member of a range of proteins initially described as a reciprocal gene translocation in chromosomes 14 and 18 in follicular lymphomas . "
a cell wall - associated pectinesterase of " nicotiana tabacum " is involved in host cell receptor recognition for the tobacco mosaic virus movement protein and it has been shown that this interaction is required for cell - to - cell translocation of the virus .
endocytosis mediated translocation .
introduction is the deliberate or accidental translocation of a species into the wild in areas where it does not occur naturally .
erythromycin interferes with aminoacyl translocation , preventing the transfer of the trna bound at the a site of the rrna complex to the p site of the rrna complex .
in addition the mechanism of translocation can be dependent on whether the peptide is free or attached to cargo .
the factor ef - g catalyzes the translocation of the trna and mrna down the ribosome at the end of each round of polypeptide elongation . homologous to ef - tu + trna , ef - g also binds to the ribosome in its gtp - bound state .
during , or shortly after its translocation across the cytoplasmic membrane , the protein is processed and folded into its active form .
pathbuilder enables annotation of molecular events including protein - protein interactions , enzyme - substrate relationships and protein translocation events via manual or automatic methods .
secretion in bacterial species means the transport or translocation of effector molecules for example proteins , enzymes or toxins ( such as cholera toxin in pathogenic bacteria for example " vibrio cholerae " ) from across the interior ( cytoplasm or cytosol ) of a bacterial cell to its exterior .
further , this translocation requires a driving force that determines the direction of transport .
for example , in acute promyelocytic leukemia , the t(15;17 ) translocation produces a pml - rarα fusion protein which binds to the retinoic acid receptor element in the promoters of several myeloid - specific genes and inhibits myeloid differentiation .
the escalating conflict in somalia in the 1990s and continuous decrease in population numbers of the hirola , led to a second translocation by the kenyan wildlife service in 1996 .
probes are available to identify the translocation by fluorescent in situ hybridization .
this process might involve suppression of crossing - over , translocation of chromosome fragments and possibly occasional cistron duplication .
it is the result of a reciprocal translocation between chromosome 9 and 22 , and is specifically designated t(9;22)(q34;q11 ) .
for example , one reported finding suggests that in persons diagnosed as schizophrenic as well as in their relatives with chronic psychiatric illnesses , the gene that encodes phosphodiesterase 4b ( pde4b ) is disrupted by a balanced translocation .
mucosa - associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma translocation protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " malt1 " gene .
while energy is needed for substrate unfolding it is not required for translocation ..
unlike cleavable preproteins , following translocation across the outer membrane via the translocase of the outer membrane , carrier preproteins are bound by the soluble tim9-tim10 complex of which the majority of this complex ( ~95% ) is free floating within the intermembrane space .
other researchers contend that it is not mitochondrial membrane rupture that leads to cytochrome " c " release , but rather another mechanism , such as translocation of the molecule through channels in the outer membrane , which does not involve the mptp .
in a small percentage of cases , angelman syndrome may be caused by a chromosomal rearrangement called a translocation or by a mutation in a gene other than ube3a. these genetic changes can abnormally inactivate the ube3a gene .
the pts catalyses the phosphorylation of sugar substrates during their translocation across the cell membrane .
pge2 activates both gs - coupled ep2 and ep4 receptors by ligation , stimulating camp production and subsequent activation of downstream camp effectors , pka and epac-1 ; both which in turn impair the phosphorylation and phagosomal membrane translocation of nadph oxidase component , p47phox , thereby inhibiting the respiratory burst .
on june 15 , 2004 , dfo began trying to lure luna into a floating pen in order to prepare him for translocation .
the signal peptide acts as a signal for translocation of pre - prothermolysin to the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane .
the transfer of 200 chicks over four years to a predator - proof fenced site on the south coast of chatham island started in april 2008 with the translocation of 47 chicks .
pigment translocation .
halocin transcripts are leaderless and the translated preproteins or preproproteins are most likely exported using the twin arginine translocation ( tat ) pathway , as the tat signal motif ( two adjacent arginine residues ) is present within the amino terminus .
the protein is highly conserved and studies have shown that it participates in cytoplasmic dynein - mediated nucleokinesis , somal translocation , cell motility , mitosis , and chromosome segregation .
robertsonian translocation .
, enzymatic and nonenzymatic translocation of yeast polysomes .
the basis for the defect in ps translocation is , at present , unknown .
the activated gr complex up - regulates the expression of anti - inflammatory proteins in the nucleus or represses the expression of pro - inflammatory proteins in the cytosol ( by preventing the translocation of other transcription factors from the cytosol into the nucleus ) .
roxithromycin binds to the subunit 50s of the bacterial ribosome , and thus inhibits the translocation of peptides .
they are a type of chromosomal translocation .
the form of transport through cell membrane which modifies its metabolites is the group translocation transportation .
a number of surgical treatments are also being investigated for macular degeneration lesions that may not qualify for laser treatment , including macular translocation to a healthier area of the eye , displacement of submacular blood using gas , and removing membranes by surgery .
translocation through the formation of a transitory structures .
because they target specific receptors and use specific translocation machinery , cells can make themselves resistant to the colicin by repressing or deleting the genes for these proteins .
the f- and v - atpases all contain rotary motors , one that drives proton translocation across the membrane and one that drives atp synthesis / hydrolysis .
during a single acute exercise bout , ampk allows the contracting muscle cells to adapt to the energy challenges by increasing expression of hexokinase ii , translocation of glut4 to the plasma membrane for glucose uptake , and by stimulating glycolysis .
it is used to keep animals out of working areas , to keep them inside safe areas of their habitat , to intercept migration routes , or to control their movement to help their capture for translocation .
the translocation has not occurred yet .
how do the enzymes refold after translocation ?
it has also been found to have an inhibitory effect on angiogenesis , potentially via the inhibition of copper ion dependent membrane translocation process invovling a non - classical secretion pathway ..
the reciprocal translocation t(1;3)(p36;q21 ) occurs in a subset of myelodysplastic syndrome ( mds ) and acute myeloid leukemia ( aml ) .
in the final stage of elongation , " translocation " , the ribosome moves 3 nucleotides towards the 3'end of mrna .
attention must also be paid to the genetic effects translocation of plants may have to the population and surrounding populations .
the peptide translocation from the cytosol into the lumen of the er is accomplished by the transporter associated with antigen processing ( tap ) .
uses : chromosomal translocation mrd detection is widely used as a standard clinical practice .
this makes them energy independent , unlike active transporters which often require the presence of atp to drive their translocation mechanism , and stall if the atp / adp ratio drops too low .
a common translocation which involves myc is t(8:14 ) is involved in the development of burkitt 's lymphoma .
somal translocation can occur at any time during development .
in other words , insulin does not promote glut8 translocation to the cell surface in neurons as well as in transfected cell lines .
translocation .
crystal structure : the structure of the helicase has been solved at high resolution and indicates " inchworming " as the mechanism of translocation on single - stranded dna .
they do not resemble the cells migrating by locomotion or somal translocation .
janet davison rowley ( born april 5 , 1925 ) is an american human geneticist and the first scientist to identify a chromosomal translocation as the cause of leukemia and other cancers .
przewalski 's horse has some biological differences from the domestic horse ; unlike domesticated horses and the tarpan , which both have 64 chromosomes , the przewalski 's horse has 66 chromosomes due to a robertsonian translocation .
the extra chromosome 21 material that causes down syndrome may be due to a robertsonian translocation .
although the chromosomal translocation involving " rarα " is believed to be the initiating event , additional mutations are required for the development of leukemia .
switching between the open and closed dimer conformations induces conformational changes in the tmd resulting in substrate translocation .
chromosomal abnormalities can also occur in cancerous cells of an otherwise genetically normal individual ; one well - documented example is the philadelphia chromosome , a translocation mutation commonly associated with chronic myelogenous leukemia and less often with acute lymphoblastic leukemia .
in 2001 the translocation of a large number of animals from the kruger national park to new park had got underway .
this plug is displaced when the hydrophobic region of a nascent polypeptide interacts with another region of sec61 called the seam , allowing translocation of the polypeptide into the er lumen .
this rearrangement is called a balanced translocation because there is no extra material from chromosome 13 .
in humans , when a robertsonian translocation joins the long arm of chromosome 21 with the long arm of chromosome 14 ( or 15 ) , the heterozygous carrier is phenotypically normal because there are two copies of all major chromosome arms and hence two copies of all essential genes .
he has also characterized a biophysical effect in extracellular matrices populated with cells or nonliving particles , " matrix - driven translocation , " that provides a physical model for morphogenesis of mesenchymal tissues .
stimulation of the patched receptor by the sonic hedgehog ligand leads to translocation of smo to the primary cilium .
in january 2005 , the government of the democratic republic of congo ( drc ) approved a two - part plan for the translocation of five northern white rhino from garamba national park to a wildlife sanctuary in kenya .
a robertsonian translocation results when the long arms of two acrocentric chromosomes fuse at the centromere and the two short arms are lost .
the extent to which substrates must be unfolded before translocation is not known , but substantial tertiary structure , and in particular nonlocal interactions such as disulfide bonds , are sufficient to inhibit degradation .
ribosomal translocation .
subsequently , a particular mutation affecting a specific nucleotide in the 7q31 region on this gene was found to be broken by a translocation or missense mutation .
gtp is also used as an energy source for the translocation of the ribosome towards the 3 ' end of the mrna .
additionally , sfgl2 can inhibit the maturation of immature dendritic cells ( dcs ) by preventing nfkb translocation to the nucleus and subsequent expression of the co - stimulatory molecule cd80 and major histocompatibility complex ii ( mhc ii ) .
however , some instances of familial disease resulting from local chromosome fragility or an unbalanced translocation have been described .
translocation of this gene with pax3 has been associated with alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma .
