since 1914 , the italian air force have also used a roundel of concentric rings in the colours of the tricolor as aircraft marking ; substituted , from 1923 to 1943 , by encircled fasces .
the current flag is a vertical tricolor of green , white , and red with the national coat of arms charged in the center of the white stripe .
white was added it to the " revolutionary " colors of the militia cockade to " nationalize " the design , thus creating the tricolor cockade .
this medium sized species is one of two confirmed and named macaw species in the caribbean , the other being the smaller cuban macaw ( " ara tricolor " ) .
during the anti - soviet uprising in 1956 , revolutionaries cut out the stalinist emblem and used the resulting tricolor with a hole in the middle as the symbol of the revolution .
the national symbols of vulgaria are the eagle and the flag which is a horizontal tricolor of black , white , and purple .
it had changed to a regional mexican format station called " radio tricolor 105.9 " in october 2002 .
the flag was defined as a horizontal tricolor of red , white , and blue in 1848 , but it was not officially adopted until 1972 .
the cuban red macaw , " ara tricolor " , is an extinct species of parrot that was native to cuba and the isla de la juventud , an island off the coast of west cuba .
a tricolor roundel , similar to that used by imperial russia but in more evenly spaced proportions , was also adopted by the us army air service in world war i air combat in europe , because the then - recently adopted " star - in - circle " insignia could possibly be mistaken for a german or austro - hungarian iron cross insignia at some distance .
prior to the 1969 military coup of gaafar nimeiry , a blue - yellow - green tricolor design was used .
however , the comte de chambord refused to take the throne unless the tricolor flag of the revolution was replaced with the fleur - de - lis flag of the " ancien régime " .
chemicals extracted from the skin of " epipedobates tricolor " may be shown to have medicinal value .
the first italian tricolor was adopted on 7 january 1797 , in reggio emilia , as official flag of the " repubblica cispadana " ( cispadane republic ) .
a phantasmal poison frog ( " epipedobates tricolor " ) is a species of poison dart frog .
the cock - tailed tyrant ( " alectrurus tricolor " ) is a species of bird in the tyrannidae family .
tricolor .
the club was founded in 1948 from the merger of phoenix baia mare ( founded in 1932 ) and minaur baia mare ( founded in 1927 as tricolor baia mare ) .
tricolor aired on 1450 from 1996 - 2002 and then moved to the fm band at sister station krzy - fm 105.9 but the format was dropped in 2004 for the " super estrella " latin pop format .
examples include the former flag of the lower silesian voivodeship – a horizontal bicolor of white and red defaced with the arms of the voivodeship – or the flag of the lesser poland voivodeship – a horizontal tricolor of white , yellow and red with the yellow stripe half as wide as any of the other two .
because saint barthélemy is an overseas collectivity of france , its official flag is the french tricolor .
on january 6 , 2005 , kzmp was once again rebranded as " radio tricolor " .
the tricoloured parrotfinch " erythrura tricolor " is a species of estrildid finch found in indonesia & timor - leste .
in 1849 the kingdom of slavonia was made independent of the kingdom of croatia , and in 1852 the imperial austrian government , which never recognized the tricolor as official , banned its use , along with the coat of arms .
this was performed by means of an official decree dated 8 june 1843 , and on 1 july , martin dupeyrat , commanding the ship " l'olympe " , landed on amsterdam island and then on saint - paul on 3 july , and hoisted the tricolor .
on september 21 , as per the society 's demands , the national convention declared that all women must wear the tricolor cockade of the revolution .
" glebionis carinatum " ( annual chrysanthemum , tricolor daisy ; syn . " chrysanthemum carinatum " schousboe ) is an ornamental plant native to the united states .
when , in 1796 , the french army led by napoleon bonaparte entered into italy , both the new republic ( " repubblica transpadana " , transpadane republic ) and the military group attached to french army adopted the flags similar to the italian tricolor .
prior to the adoption of the current flag , the state of tennessee used a tricolor in red , blue , and white .
a 2004 study supported three major , more or less geographically distinct , clades of " bedotia " , one comprising species with distributions ranging from mid- to southeastern madagascar ( " b. madagascariensis " , " b. geayi " , and " b. tricolor " , plus four undescribed species ) , another including species restricted to eastern drainages north of the masoala peninsula ( " b. marojejy " , plus four undescribed species ) , and a third comprising taxa with distributions extending from the masoala peninsula southward to the ivoloina river ( " b. longianalis " and " b. masoala " , plus three undescribed species ) .
on january 24 , 2007 he made his toulouse ligue 1 debut against nice and on 26 august 2009 the brazilian midfielder of toulouse fc , had announced his transfer to fluminense football club , the footballer has signed a contract for one season with tricolor carioca .
the official flag of the alf is a horizontal tricolor of blue , white and green with a red star in the center .
the teams nickname is tricolor because of their red , black and white shirt .
sporting club has moved to the top district championship in pitesti alongside sports workers , câmpulung tricolor union and others .
the rock beauty , " holacanthus tricolor " , is a species of marine angelfish of the family pomacanthidae .
the flag of north ossetia - alania consists of a tricolor of white , red and yellow .
the flags featured the national tricolor ( horizontal stripes , with red on top ) , over which was a roman eagle with a cross in its beak .
although it is an entry point into iraq , the crossing is controlled by the kurdistan regional government , which enforces its own customs and immigration policies , enforced at checkpoints manned by kurdish peshmerga fighters under the flag of kurdistan — a red , white , and green tricolor with a golden sun .
the tricolor on the sachivalaya building was brought to half - mast around 5 p.m. after korat 's death .
spix 's disk - winged bat , " thyroptera tricolor " , is a bat species from south and central america .
ulmus × hollandica ' tricolor ' .
this moment is called the " fênix tricolor " amongst bahia fans ( being that bahia is ressurging from the ashes )
the flag of komi - permyak okrug , in the russian federation , is a horizontal tricolor of red , white , and blue charged in the center by a " perna " emblem in red .
ornamental species can be grown for flowers ( e.g. " rubus trilobus " ) , for their ornamental stems ( e.g. " rubus cockburnianus " ) , and some as ground cover ( e.g. " rubus tricolor " ) .
the crimson chat " ( epthianura tricolor ) " is a species of small birds found in australia .
the first blue - black - white tricolor is preserved in the estonian national museum .
the tricolor disappeared completely from the tower on july 27 , 1940 and was replaced by the flag of estonian ssr .
the motto " pentru onoare ! pentru patrie ! pentru tricolor ! " represents the belief of the moldovan soldiers .
( costa rica , modified its flag significantly in 1848 by darkening the blue and adding a double - wide inner red band , in honor of the french tricolor . ) the short lived sixth state of los altos was forcibly annexed by guatemala 's president general rafael carrera .
numerous cultivars of " i. tricolor " with different flower colours have been selected for use as ornamental plants ; widely - grown examples include ' blue star ' , ' flying saucers ' , ' heavenly blue ' , ' heavenly blue improved ' , ' pearly gates ' , ' rainbow flash ' , ' summer skies ' and ' wedding bells ' .
the colors of coronado high are green and white ; the coronado city flag is a tricolor of green - white - green with a crown in the middle ; and a local surf / skate shop is named emerald city .
other observed visitors include the great cormorant ( " phalacrocorax carbo novaehollandiae " ) , nankeen kestrel ( " falco cenchroides cenchroides " ) , banded lapwing ( " vanellus tricolor " ) , greater sand plover ( " charadrius leschenaultii " ) , whimbrel ( " numenius phaeopus variegatus " ) , greenshank ( " tringa nebularia " ) , sanderling ( " calidris alba " ) , willie wagtail ( " rhipidura leucophrys leucophrys " ) and brown songlark ( " cincloramphus cruralis " ) .
when crimean tatars declared their independence as the crimean people 's republic from the russian empire at the end of 1917 , they were seen displaying a light blue and gold tricolor flag with the golden stripe in the center .
the official tricolor of bruntal consists of colours mentioned earlier .
today 's tricolor flag bears little resemblance to the earliest armenian ' flags ' ; in ancient times , armies went into battle behind carvings mounted on poles .
fênix tricolor ( three colours phoenix ) .
on 6 february 1859 , on his first journey to bucharest since being elected " domnitor " of wallachia , alexander john cuza was greeted at the edge of the city of buzău by the commander of the " dorobanţi " , who was carrying a tricolor flag .
the flag of moldova was created in 1990 , and is based on the national colours of romanians , the blue - yellow - red tricolor .
the flag was a tricolor structured in a way suggesting the nordic cross applied on the flags of f.ex .
further research was published in 1960 , when don thomes macdougall reported that the seeds of " ipomoea tricolor " were used as sacraments by certain zapotecs , sometimes in conjunction with the seeds of " rivea corymbosa " , another species which has a similar chemical composition , with lysergol instead of ergometrine .
the coat is very short , bicolor : tan and white , or tricolor : tan , black and white .
an oddity of the sb2cs with 1942 to 1943-style tricolor camouflage was that the undersides of the outer wing panels carried dark topside camouflage because the undersurfaces were visible from above when the wings were folded .
when congress under the presidentship of jawahar lal nehru changed its goal to purna swaraj , the national tricolor was unfurled at the bank of river ravi at mid - night on 31 december 1929 amidst the vande mataram and inquilab zindabad slogans .
the other national symbols that were used by russia in 1900 , the white / blue / red tricolor flag and double - headed eagle coat of arms , were also given legal approval by putin in december , thus completing the debate over the national symbols .
the wilson 's phalarope , " phalaropus tricolor " , is a small wader .
for six years they sailed under the tricolor .
the skiff and the ferry boat with the tricolor , and the pointillistically applied spots are also absent in the x - ray image .
in december 2009 the audience of tricolor tv has reached a number of 6 000 000 households .
the tricolor design is taken from the flag of the united netherlands used in 1625 , the year new amsterdam was settled on the island of manhattan .
" ipomoea tricolor " is a species of morning glory native to the new world tropics , and widely cultivated and naturalised elsewhere .
tricolor .
tricolor and crescent : france and the islamic world ( praeger , 2003 )
ergine ( lsa ) , isoergine , d - lysergic acid n-(α-hydroxyethyl)amide and lysergol have been isolated from " i. tricolor " , " i. violacea " and/or purple morning glory ( " i. purpurea " ) , but although these are often assumed to be the cause of the plants ' effects , this is not supported by scientific studies which show that although psychoactive these compounds are not notably psychoactive or hallucinogenic .
after two more years with the " tricolor " , he transferred to fénix .
the naval jack is a white , blue , and yellow horizontal tricolor .
despite having a home in las vegas , pescatori considers himself italian and is proud of his heritage , often wearing an italian tricolor bandana on his head during tournaments .
the subspecies " tricolor " is similar to the nominate but has a grey back and much more black on the wings .
all of these flags used the tricolor pattern , with the only differences being the changes in the coat of arms , which was still charged in the center of the white stripe .
so the tricolor cockades had fluttered and swashed only some three months on the creole hat , when ogé 's signal - conflagrations went aloft ; with the voice of rage and terror .
the french tricolor flag is derived from the combined cockade of the king ( white ) and the paris commune ( red and blue ) .
the army as a whole struggled to explain adequately what it was fighting for ( it was only in october 1991 that its insignia was altered to replace the communist symbol of the red star with the yugoslav tricolor flag , symbolising its shift from communist to nationalist ideologies ) .
the cape hairy bat ( " myotis tricolor " ) is a species of vesper bat in the vespertilionidae family .
" heterixalus tricolor " is a species of frog in the hyperoliidae family .
the flag of mali ( french : " drapeau du mali " ) is a tricolor with three equal vertical stripes .
as the dominant alkaloid in the hallucinogenic seeds of " rivea corymbosa " ( ololiuhqui ) , " argyreia nervosa " ( hawaiian baby woodrose ) and " ipomoea tricolor " ( morning glories , tlitliltzin ) , it is often stated that ergine and/or isoergine ( its epimer ) is responsible for the psychedelic activity .
while its cousins in the convolvulaceae family , such as the " rivea corymbosa " ( ololiuhqui ) and " ipomoea tricolor " ( tlitliltzin ) , were used in shamanic rituals of latin america for centuries , the hawaiian baby woodrose was not traditionally recognized as a hallucinogen .
in a very strange turn of events after the end of the second french empire , where a flag apparently influenced the course of history , henri , comte de chambord , was offered the throne as king of france , but he would agree only on condition that the french give up the tricolor and bring back the white flag with fleurs - de - lis .
the new party took a decisive stance apart from fascism , and some msi members ( pino rauti , erra , staiti ) dissented and seceded to form the new tricolor flame party .
on 15 november 1796 , gros was present with the army near arcola when bonaparte planted the french tricolor on the bridge .
u. tricolor " , a terrestrial species , is endemic to south america , where it is found in argentina , brazil , bolivia , colombia , paraguay , uruguay , and venezuela .
the " repubblica cispadana " and the " repubblica transpadana " merged into the " repubblica cisalpina " ( cisalpine republic ) , which adopted the vertical italian tricolor without emblem in 1798 , even if in a square shape .
the tricolor flag of the revolutionaries – the " people 's flag " – flew over buildings , an increasing number of them important buildings .
perhaps no flower ( not excepting even the queenly rose ) claims to be so universal a favorite , as the viola tricolor ; none currently has been honored with so rich a variety of names , at once expressive of grace , delicacy and tenderness . ”
following world war ii , the tricolor was designated as the flag of both west and east germany .
during the french revolution , in 1794 , the blue , white and red tricolor was adopted as the official national flag .
this flag was created by replacing the eagle in the center of the mexican tricolor with the year " 1824 " , referencing the 1824 constitution of mexico , in support of which texas was fighting .
the national flag of the republic of chad ( , ) is a vertical tricolor consisting ( left to right ) of a blue , a yellow and a red field .
in december 2002 the mv " tricolor " , carrying £ 30 m of luxury cars sank 32 km ( 20 mi ) northwest of dunkirk after collision in fog with the container ship " kariba " .
although any hound colour is considered acceptable by breed standards , bassets are generally tricolor ( black , tan , and white ) , open red and white ( red spots on white fur ) , closed red and white ( a solid red color with white feet and tails ) , honey and white ( honey coloured back , light brown spotty nose and legs , light brown tails with white tip ) and lemon and white .
the subspecies " tertius " is similar to " tricolor " except the grey on the back descends to the tail .
general scott specified that they were to be hanged with chapultepec in view and that the precise moment of their death was to occur when the u.s. flag replaced the mexican tricolor atop the citadel .
the original flag , first made law by law 46 of 26 october 1957 , was the simple tricolor .
grotella tricolor .
tricolor , first named teiul , was set up in 1914 , in the district of obor , by some high - school students .
a field - sequential color television system similar to his tricolor system was used in nasa 's voyager mission in 1979 , to take pictures and video of jupiter .
other writers believe that the tricolor was not an imitation of the french flag , instead embodying an old romanian tradition .
for 1949 , is appointed as minister , creating the " tricolor " magazine , a educational publication for children , and introduced the provisional statute of education , that continued until 1955 .
amaranthus tricolor .
after 1860 , a legend arose stating that the national tricolor had been formed by merging the colors of the moldavian and wallachian flags , probably out of a desire to reconcile all parties to the fact that the wallachian revolutionary flag of 1848 had been chosen for all of romania .
there were taverns , opera houses , dance halls , theatres , and meeting places that accommodated and accepted all races and classes with " tricolor " ( mixed - race ) events , despite warnings and threats from authorities .
in all cases , french national markings ( roundel on the fuselage and tricolor on the tailplane ) were retained as before .
founded by merging of two different teams , " tricolor " and " unirea " .
the number of tricolor tv 's subscribers is the largest in russia .
the main difference was that biafran flag was a tricolor of red , black , and green .
the students organized the processions against this act of police till their demands of hoisting tricolor and pasting of photographs of national leaders did not met .
the legend freies indien inscribed in black featured on a white background above the tricolor .
he changed the flag of siam from the elephant - banner to a tricolor one .
after just four months for fluminense and with few chances in the team , especially after the arrival of fred , eventually terminating his contract with the tricolor carioca hit and also on loan to the vitória .
it returned the traditional tricolor adding an ideological communist red star to its center .
hubbs , brian . 2009 . " common kingsnakes " . tricolor books , tempe , arizona .
the state flag and ensign ( and war flag ) is a horizontal tricolor of red , yellow , and green with the bolivian coat of arms in the center .
these include reptiles like morelet 's crocodile ( " crocodylus moreletii " ) , orangebelly swamp snake ( " tretanorhinus nigroluteus " ) ; and mammals , like the jaguar ( " panthera onca " ) , cougar ( " puma concolor " ) , baird 's tapir ( " tapirus bairdii " ) , the white - lipped peccary ( " tayassu pecari " ) , spotted paca ( " agouti paca " ) , red brocket ( " mazama americana " ) , and spix 's disk - winged bat ( " thyroptera tricolor " ) , and various monkeys species including the endangered guatemalan black howler ( " alouatta pigra " ) .
oxyothespis tricolor .
it is one of the several brazilian teams called " tricolor " ( " tri - colored " ) by its fans , because of its three colours .
this tricolor coat has white on its toes , tail - tip , chest and blaze ; the tan always lies between the black and the white .
they may be bicolor , tricolor , or have grizzling .
bulbophyllum tricolor .
winding around both columns and under the shield rests the flag of crimea , a blue – white – red tricolor ribbon , unto which the motto of crimea , " процветание в единстве " ( translated as " prosperity in unity " ) , is inscribed .
a medium - sized ( 53 - 108 cm total length ) snake with a distinctive sequence of red , black , and white rings ( tricolor dyads : savage and slowinski 1990 ; these are similar , but yet different from the triads of zweifel 1952b ) in which relatively narrow white rings are always bordered by black rings , and red coloration , which can occur as rings or bands , borders alternate black rings ( zweifel 1952b ; pers . observ . ) .
on 22 june of that year , cuza decreed the tricolor as the united principalities’ official civil flag .
tricolor ( game ) .
feeney come out to much fanfair with irish dancers leading a feeney , bedecked in tricolor poncho , headband and shorts , to the ring .
there is also nacional football club , founded on january 9 , 1913 , and called " leão da colina , " the athletic club rio negro , called " galo da praça da saudade " ( saudade square rooster ) or " barriga preta " club ( black belly ) , also founded in 1913 , but in november , which is the second largest holder of state titles , and the national fast club , the tricolor of the boulevard " or " roll " , founded in the early 40 years from a dissident 's national football club , which has won six state championships , in addition to being northern region champion and north - northeast championshio runner - up in 1970 .
the blue , red , and yellow tricolor of moldova is almost identical to the flag of romania , reflecting the two countries ' cultural affinity .
the tricolor ( red over white over blue ) is a reminder that the battle of belleau wood occurred in france , and that marines who gave their lives at belleau wood did so in the defense of another nation 's freedom .
seeds of mexican morning glory ( " tlitliltzin , i. tricolor " ) were thus used by aztecs and zapotecs in shamanistic and priestly divination rituals , and at least by the former also as a poison , to give the victim a " horror trip " ( see also aztec entheogenic complex ) .
in this occasion the tricolor flag was shown and the mameli 's hymn was publicly sung for the first time .
the music of the anthem was composed by the romanian composer ciprian porumbescu , originally for the song " pe - al nostru steag e scris unire " ( or " e scris pe tricolor unire " ) .
after independence from the soviet union , the tricolor flag was written into the new constitution of lithuania , which was adopted by referendum in 1992 .
" inocybe tricolor " is a rare member of the genus " inocybe " which is widely distributed in temperate forests .
just after the merge with tietê that buried são paulo da floresta , the founders and re - founders created the grêmio tricolor , which originated clube atlético são paulo , on june 4 , 1935 , and , finally , são paulo futebol clube , founded on december 16 of the same year .
in the japanese version , april is known as marian louvre and she is of french nationality , which is why her uniform bears the french tricolor .
after the end of the war rădulescu played football for sc olympia bucureşti and tricolor bucureşti until 1923 .
tricolor tv ( russian : триколор тв ) the biggest sattelite television operator .
during the soviet occupation , the flag of the lithuanian ssr was displayed there ; on october 7 , 1988 , during the independence movement that was finalized by the act of the re - establishment of the state of lithuania on march 11 , 1990 , the lithuanian tricolor was re - hoisted atop the tower .
it broadcasts a regional mexican music format branded as la tricolor .
hubbs , brian . 2009 . " common kingsnakes " . tricolor books , tempe , arizona .
the himalayan " l. s. tricolor " , has a black head extending from
one member of each team descended into the catacombs in search of the remains interred in 1789 , the year the marquis de la fayette designed the tricolor flag of france .
in 1922 , in ploieşti , tricolor club was formed , some of the founding members being : gheorghiu , jan vasopol , elly roman the composer ( the first president ) and n. stambolgiu .
the order of colours in the tricolor is as follows black at the top , white in the middle , and blue at the bottom .
c-47 transport aircraft returned to resume supply drops , however by 12:00 the tricolor and the laotian flag had been removed from pi 's command bunker .
there are three recognised subspecies , the nominate race , which occurs across much of the island of java , " tricolor " , which is restricted to south east java , and " tertius " , which is found on bali and possibly lombok .
the stamp represents marianne , allegory of the french republic , wearing as usual a tricolor cockade , and the phrygian cap .
however , the comte de chambord rejected this plan by the " white flag manifest " of july 5 , 1871 , reiterated by an october 23 , 1873 letter , in which he explained that under no case would he abandon the white flag , symbol of the monarchy ( with its fleur - de - lis ) , in exchange of the republican tricolor .
in november they began a three - single release campaign with ussetsu drop , suisai palette , and shinshoku rosetta , all bearing the " tricolor opera " title .
the coat pattern is tricolor with tan , a black saddle and small white markings on head , feet , chest and tail tip .
the coat has short fur , usually tricolor ( red to yellow with a black saddle ) , with white markings called bracken marks - a white muzzle , chest , legs , collar , and tip of the tail , and a blaze on the head .
in 1936 romanian cup final , ciolac scored two goals as ripensia timişoara demolished its opponents , unirea tricolor bucureşti , winning the match by 5 goals to 1 .
around 1910 , two new variants appeared : one tricolor ( red , blue and white ) with the two - headed eagle bearing the initials " ni " on its breast and the lion passant on the sinister , the other with the two - headed eagle above the initials " ni " .
in 1904 , it lost the complicated design and became a simple tricolor .
many named hybrid cultivars were bred from " s. bulbifera " and " s. tricolor " .
the 1980s : tricolor decade .
the " tricolor decade " ended with the 1989 paulista championship title and with the brazilian championship second place , after losing to vasco da gama in the final .
in the 1950 season dinamo " b " ( unirea tricolor ) moved to braşov as dinamo braşov , in 1957 - 1958 it moved again , this time to cluj - napoca , only to disappear after the 1957 - 58 season after the team was dissolved and the players were relocated to dinamo bacău .
the first flag design was a diagonally striped tricolor pattern of red to white to blue ( different colors but in the same pattern as the flag of the republic of the congo ) .
viola tricolor .
in all cases , french national markings ( roundel on the fuselage and tricolor on the tailplane ) were retained as before .
the flag of new york city is a vertical tricolor of blue , white , and orange charged in the center bar with municipal seal in blue .
the cross now displayed tricolor flags .
she bravely bore the bullets but did n’t let the tricolor fall down .
inocybe tricolor .
the flag was banned by the nazis in 1939 , and a horizontal tricolor of white , red , and blue was enforced .
a black or red dog with copper and white trim is called " tricolor " or " tri " , a black or red dog with white trim but no copper is called " bicolor " or " bi " .
the supreme soviet of the lithuanian ssr , inspired by pro - independence sąjūdis , amended the constitution and adopted the tricolor flag of lithuania .
rivelino was undoubtedly the greatest star in the excellent fluminense of the mid 70s , dubbed " the tricolor machine " , among doval , pintinho , gil and carlos alberto torres .
since february , 1st , 2010 tricolor tv has started to render access service to the internet through the companion .
when we received the tricolor insignia and bands we did not follow the spirit of imitation or fashion ” .
the tricolor river is a river of paraná state in southern brazil .
it was created by merging the flags of mecklenburg ( a horizontal tricolor of blue - white - red ) and the prussian province of pomerania ( a bicolor of blue - white ) , in use since 1882 .
tricolor returned to 1450 in november 2008 .
" grotella tricolor " is a species of moth in the genus grotella , of the family noctuidae .
in common with a number of other ireland sporting governing bodies , the union was formed to represent cricket throughout the island of ireland , rather than just the republic of ireland and in common with its counterparts for rugby union and field hockey , the union therefore does not use the irish tricolor , but instead employs its own flag , which is used by such bodies as the international cricket council to represent the team .
the stamp represents marianne , allegory of the french republic , wearing as usual a tricolor cockade , and the phrygian cap .
cutie honey 's skin - tight , full - body costume uses the same design and tricolor ( blue , black , and red ) scheme as that of nagai 's original manga , but its chest opening — with rounded side edges — resembles the one in her 1973 anime attire .
drummers had basically the same uniform as their company with tricolor , yellow , or orange lace edgings , red wings edged with lace , and a bass drum with medium blue hoops and white belts .
the red - white - blue tricolor was chosen , as it was the colors of pan - slavism , popular in the 19th century .
annually , on january 1 , the lithuanian tricolor is hosted on gediminas tower to commemorate flag day .
one year later , wrapped in the italian tricolor flag , he was entombed in the chapel of san biagio ( st. blaise ) in cefalù , where a monument was erected in his honour .
, another report refers that these very same state coats of arms are used in the central panel of a mexican tricolor , mainly for tourist purposes .
the slaty - blue flycatcher ( " ficedula tricolor " ) is a species of bird in the muscicapidae family .
" gilia tricolor " ( bird's - eyes , bird's - eyes gilia ' " ) is an ornamental plant native to the united states .
tricolor standards were used by some polish guerrilla units during the january uprising .
the king announced that he would recall necker and return from versailles to paris ; on 27 july , in paris , he accepted a tricolor cockade from bailly and entered the hôtel de ville , as cries of " long live the king " were changed to " long live the nation " .
the hunters wore an authorised uniform that consisted of a blue tunic , a lumbar ribbon , and a black police hat with a tricolor rosette .
the immortals first played with the french tricolor jerseys ( blue , white and red ) due to the lack of suitable rugby clothing in lebanon .
he was interred at gate of heaven cemetery in hawthorne , ny , after a funeral mass at st. patrick 's cathedral ( new york ) , his casket draped by the irish tricolor .
the flags of the republics used versions of the red flag and/or slavic tricolor , with a red star in the centre or in the canton .
arctic shrews molt twice a year , and the tricolor bands in the fur are less prominent in younger shrews .
according to another theory about the composition of the indian national flag ( tricolor ) , the color saffron represents the hindus of india , the color india green represents the muslims of india , and the white represents other religions .
constantin made his debut for unirea tricolor 's youth team and shortly after their abolition he signed with venus ucb .
both the national football team and the national rugby union team are nicknamed “ " les bleus " ” in reference to the team ’s shirt color as well as the national french tricolor flag .
“ heart ’s ease we call tricolor from the union of purple , yellow , blue which enriches the blossoms”-wakefield .
the flag of evenk autonomous okrug , in the russian federation , is a horizontal tricolor of light blue , white , and dark blue , all of which stand for the polar days and nights in northern siberia .
the flag of the republic of jamtland was created in 1983 by activists kent backman and bo oscarsson as a horizontal tricolor of blue , white and green , symbolising the sky , snow - clad mountains and woodland .
" france modern " remained the french royal standard , and with a white background was the french national flag until the french revolution , when it was replaced by the tricolor of modern - day france .
another morning glory , " ipomoea tricolor " ( called " tlitliltzin " by the aztecs and often sold as " heavenly blue morning glory " ) , has similar effects as " ololiúqui " .
a blue cord hung from the tricolor , catching a golden postal horn .
meanwhile , the tricolor came to be seen as a symbol of moderation and of a nationalism that came ahead of factionalism .
race " tricolor " is found in the sumatra , java , banka , belitung and karimata islands .
" sparaxis tricolor " , also known as the wandflower , harlequin flower or sparaxis , is a bulb - forming perennial plant that grows in well - drained sunny soil .
they also conceived a welsh republican flag , a tricolor with green , white and red bands .
the flag is a horizontal blue – white – red tricolor .
polish legions created in 1797 in french - controlled republics in italy , used either national cockades of the particular italian republics in which they served or the french tricolor cockade .
on june 2 , 1992 , the self - proclaimed republic of nagorno - karabakh adopted a flag similar to the armenian tricolor .
tricolor river .
in 1990 , leonardo signed with são paulo fc , and in 1991 , leonardo , raí , and other young talents were assembled as part of the so - called " esquadrão tricolor " under the command of brazilian legend telê santana , giving leonardo his second brazilian championship .
he scored one goal for the " tricolor " in a match against catalonia at the camp nou , in 2006 .
she moved from new delhi to mumbai , where she hoisted the tricolor on august 9 , 1942 at gawalia tank ground , which was later renamed as the " august kranti maidan .
smooth collies come in four colours : 1 ) sable ( lassie 's colour ; can be light gold to deep mahogany ) , 2 ) tricolor ( black , with tan and white markings ) , and 3 ) blue merle ( silvery gray marbled with black , and tan markings ) , all marked with white areas on the chest , neck , feet / legs , and tail tip .
the blue , white and red of the tricolor of france - the first flag to fly over iowa - is arranged on our flag .
it was his stints with the tricolor during the 1982 and 1986 fifa world cups in which he stood out .
" bedotia tricolor " is a species of fish in the bedotiidae family .
french politics polarized soon after the tricolor cockade was adopted .
the aircraft was painted bright red with italian tricolor stripes on the wings and tail .
they removed union flags from high school building and hoisted the tricolor .
lamartine opposed popular aspirations , and in exchange of the maintaining of the tricolor flag , conceded the republican motto of " liberté , egalité , fraternité " , written on the flag , on which a red rosette was also to be added .
the yellow - mantled weaver ( " ploceus tricolor " ) is a species of bird in the ploceidae family .
the " marquis de vérac " , governor of the palace of versailles , came to meet the king before the royal cortège entered the town , to tell him that the palace was not safe as the versailles national guards wearing the tricolor were occupying the " place d'armes " .
dessalines is said to have torn the white section from the french tricolor flag while shouting , " vivre libre ou mourir ! " , which means " live free or die . "
the flag of croatia consists of a red - white - blue tricolor , and in the middle is the coat of arms of croatia .
on december 31 , 1929 , at a session of the indian national congress held on the banks of the river ravi in lahore , jawaharlal nehru unfurled the tricolor and declared that complete independence from british rule would , henceforth , be the goal of the congress .
the french tricolor was hoisted over the singboji palace , which survived the fire and remains in modern benin to this day .
his design began with the green , white , and red tricolor of the mexican flag , but replaced the central eagle with the words " constitution of 1824 " , or sometimes just " 1824 " .
while leading a procession of women revolutionaries , with indian tricolor in her hand , she was fired upon by the portuguese soldiers .
" amaranthus tricolor " is an ornamental plant known as joseph 's coat , after the biblical figure joseph , who is said to have worn a coat of many colors .
this breed also comes in the same color varieties as the cavalier : blenheim ( brown - and - white ) , prince charles ( tricolor ) , king charles ( black - and - tan ) , and ruby ( solid red ) .
" dalbergia tricolor " is a species of legume in the fabaceae family .
utricularia tricolor .
however , the comte de chambord rejected this plan in the " white flag manifesto " of 5 july 1871 , reiterated by an 23 october 1873 letter , in which he explained that in no case would he abandon the , symbol of the monarchy ( with its fleur - de - lis ) , in exchange for the republican tricolor .
the white - winged triller ( " l. tricolor " ) of australia and new guinea was formerly included in this species but is now treated as a separate species .
beyond western europe , the tree was known to have been marketed ( as " u. montana " ' tricolor ' ) in poland in the 19th century by the ulrich nursery , warsaw , and may still survive in eastern europe ; it is not known to have been introduced to north america or australasia .
the black tricolor first appeared in the early 19th century and achieved prominence during the 1848 revolution .
three volumes of her poetry were published by equipage under the literary pseudonym grace lake . " viola tricolor " published in 1993 was followed by " bernache nonnette " in 1995 ; a review of the latter in " angel exhaust " magazine saw it as a critique of left - wing politics since 1970 for seeing the population it hopes to serve as a single group rather than as millions of individual people , a critique which the reviewer andrew duncan linked to the poet 's own history .
although the orléans had reigned under the tricolor without objection , this time the orléans princes did not abandon the cause of the head of their dynasty by seeking to offer themselves as alternative candidates ; by the time chambord died and the orléans felt free to re - assert their claim to the throne , the political moment had passed , and france had become resolutely republican .
ichthyophis tricolor .
a similar ceremony was held in st. louis on march 9 , 1804 , when a french tricolor was raised near the river , replacing the spanish national flag .
at the dropping of the french tricolor , the drivers would then start their engines and drive away .
the tricolor is missing .
" tillandsia tricolor " is a species of the genus " tillandsia " .
even so , the call to fly the irish tricolor at lansdowne road continued .
on 20 june , a mob broke into the tuileries and demanded the king wear the tricolor to show his loyalty to france .
the rivalry began in 11/22/1905 , with the " tricolor " victory of 6 - 0 .
around this same time period , the plain tricolor flag that mexico used as its merchant ensign was also legally abandoned .
with the outbreak of hostilities , choices were forced , the irish government ordered all irish ships to fly the tricolor .
