president obama appeared unannounced at a white house press briefing on july 24 and said , " i want to make clear that in my choice of words i think i unfortunately gave an impression that i was maligning the cambridge police department or sergeant crowley specifically — and i could have calibrated those words differently . "
marissa is crying on her bed when trey enters unannounced .
in october 2009 , hertzfeldt premiered an unannounced , new five minute comedy short entitled " wisdom teeth " at the " evening with don hertzfeldt " screening at the ottawa animation festival .
as shawn puts his jacket down after entering his apartment he discovers isabelle , unannounced , inside and seated at his table .
unannounced to the public , the petrus killings were conducted as shock therapy within society in order to reduce the high rate of crime .
while the imf and world bank had been recommending the lifting of subsidies for some time to allow for a free market to determine fuel prices , these organizations did not recommend removing all of the subsidies unannounced .
a routine unannounced drug test found the banned substance nandrolone .
on october 12 , 2007 , williams was late for a live remote that " the hardline " was doing that day , and did only one on - air segment before disappearing for unannounced reasons .
unlike hawthorne , emerson found him " remarkable " and , when very showed up at his home unannounced along with cornelius conway felton in 1838 , emerson invited several other friends , including henry david thoreau , to meet him .
at the conclusion of the first bench trial 113 cruelty charges were dismissed by the judge , largely because a department of agriculture veterinarian who had made unannounced visits to the laboratory had testified that he did not find the conditions depicted by pacheco .
kaufman and hart had promised a vehicle for woollcott but had been unable to find a plot that suited them until one day woollcott showed up , unannounced , at hart 's bucks county estate , and proceeded to take over the house .
while in prison , sartet got to know an electrician ( christian de tillière ) who was involved in the setting up of an extensive security system at a diamond exhibition in rome — the electrician returned home early , unannounced , caught his wife in bed with a lover and shot them !
he was recently promoted to a lead role for an unannounced aaa game title .
the wrestling matches were arranged by appointments or just by showing up unannounced in the sessions of the traditional zurkhaneh workouts on friday mornings .
an unannounced petit slam is worth 150 points , while an announced slam can gain the taker 300 points or lose them 150 if they make or miss .
the fillmore re - opened on april 27 , 1994 with the band the smashing pumpkins playing an unannounced surprise show , and primus playing the first official re - opening show the following night .
she attended the royal school for officers ' daughters in bath , until her expulsion for taking unannounced leave for a trip to the national gallery .
to prove to his superiors that he could still fly , seversky appeared unannounced at an air show , but was quickly arrested following his impromptu spirited aerial performance .
while he is working on an experiment in his laboratory , wagner , his pupil , brings word of three students from krakow , who have arrived unannounced to give faust a book on black magic , " clavis astartis magica " ( the key to the magic of astarte ) .
on june 1 , 2009 , mchale hosted ubisoft 's media event at e3 , showing off new and unannounced titles and introducing other guests .
new 1e virtual set the first 1st edition virtual set is as of yet unannounced .
according to don devito , a representative for columbia records , the possibility of forming a band and touring the united states playing unannounced concerts was already being discussed at this point .
sting was originally slated for the tour as a solo performer with his touring band , but he reconvened the police for the final three concerts ( with their first appearance , in atlanta , being unannounced ) to further assist amnesty 's fund - raising and profile - raising with the enhanced value of a police reunion .
occasionally , mtv jams will air special , unannounced alphabetical marathons of music videos by artist name , usually around holiday periods .
private negotiations mean that unannounced overseas coaches and players are available to join the enterprise once the final decisions on timings are taken .
in particular , he blamed french general lanrezac , commander of the french fifth army , for lanrezac ’s failure to fight and unannounced pullbacks , though these had effectively saved the french fifth army from defeat .
in each capital city centre unannounced ' robot marches ' were staged also , where fan - made giant ( up to 9 foot ) robots were paraded through pedestrian malls .
there are also several unannounced titles from 38 studios and john romero 's company slipg8 .
the fla conducts independent and unannounced audits of factories used by fla affiliates to evaluate compliance of all code elements and verify companies ' internal compliance efforts .
green began contributing to an unannounced project , but within a month was transferred to another project .
davina then turned up unannounced and asked them to pick one of three envelopes , each with a different challenge inside given by a cryptic clue .
the company has also gained a degree of notoriety for its unconventional promotional efforts , including feeding 1000 pizzas to google unannounced , auctioning a celebrity endorsed laptop for charity , and weighing a goat
although unannounced visitors are not permitted , the king allows them to be heard .
also in 2007 , they performed an unannounced short set at the end of a show featuring the members current bands ( adrenaline factor , proof of life and broken teeth ) .
he would visit a patient at their home , unannounced , and usually in the morning when relatives would be at work .
broćić went to see abudullah unannounced at al - ittifaq 's training field in al - batha , and requested that the club sign him .
paul , roy and dylan burst into the home , unannounced .
even though many local people were against unannounced quartering , sentiment throughout the county remained ( albeit fairly passively ) in favor of the british crown .
stella attempts an unannounced visit when the twins are about four months old -- and seeing the cloth nappies washed and hung to dry by brandy , promptly calls the garretts .
a few days later , maeniel pays an unannounced visit to lucilla 's villa , where he drowns his future bride with more than a king 's ransom of wealth .
among other controversies inspired by the show , lapierre was once shown wiping away tears on the air after a filmed interview pertaining to the steven truscott case , a report on the miss canada pageant was criticized as journalistic " poaching " because the rival ctv television network had exclusive coverage rights to the event , and an interview with members of the ku klux klan was deliberately engineered to provoke an on - air reaction when a black civil rights activist was brought in , unannounced , to join the interview partway through .
she came out , arm - in - arm with an unannounced david letterman , to a wild ovation .
one evening , unannounced , he walked in off the street to emi studios .
in march 2009 , white wolf publishing , inc. authorized the " exalted wiki contribution contest " , where users could come and edit the , contributing information in a month - long contest to win one of seven copies of an unannounced book signed by exalted developer john chambers and exalted art director brian glass .
the show went on an unannounced three - month hiatus , re - appearing on july 21 , 2007 , with a new co - host , randal schwartz , who had previously appeared on the show as a guest .
after approximately fifty secret meetings in a row were broken up by mine superintendents or foremen attending unannounced , causing prospective union members to scatter , the umwa acknowledged defeat in wyoming .
these boys were contained against their own will for an unannounced amount of time .
when she turns up at the studio unannounced , he believes she is the reincarnation of erno sordi ’s long - dead mistress melizza ( also played by linda saunders ) , a witch who had denounced him to the ecclesiastical courts in order to protect herself from prosecution , and traps her in a net .
as the dissenting opinion by justice stevens explains , " a sobriety checkpoint is usually operated at night at an unannounced location .
shortly after bub left , charley dropped by unannounced to pay a visit and ended up staying on as housekeeper .
at the same time the queen began visiting the citizens of the nearby towns and , unannounced , would drop in on social institutions and schools .
with the knowledge of his mother 's involvement in the plan to take his life , an apologetic tony arrives unannounced at dr. melfi 's office and convinces melfi to see him again and admits that she was correct about his mother .
there was also a nosy neighbor named mrs. norris who often popped in unannounced to check up on them .
in 2000 , hkhrm interviewed staff and residents in eight children 's homes run by social welfare department and obtained its findings from unannounced visits .
in 2009 when asked if they had any other unannounced game in development other than dungeon hero and stronghold kingdoms , the answer was that they still had one more game in development .
a parliamentary election is planned to be held in côte d'ivoire , with the election date still unannounced .
staten 's current project is an as - yet unannounced , non-"halo " game .
however , guy sykes ( fletcher humphrys ) visited erinsborough unannounced and blackmailed katya into giving him money so that her secrets remained untold , and to do this she had to return to her previous habit of stealing cars .
testament arrives on the may ship unannounced with the intentions of visiting dizzy , only to find that she had been knocked off the ship by i - no .
the video of the incident has become one of the most watched clips on youtube , though how the tv crew happened to be ready at the ' unannounced ' culture initiative is not known .
once there , the letter is kept in a file unannounced , due to privacy of the nominee and the person who made the nomination .
ongoing monitoring , including periodic unannounced site visits , sampling , and audits by ams are intended to ensure that the firm maintains its qtv status , which then authorizes it to use an official ams mark , the qtv shield , on product labels and in advertisements .
their halo begins to flicker and dim , and finally they depart , alone and unannounced , for the western woods , where they pass over the city walls in a beam of light .
such a spacious development leaves no time for a transition to a calmer second theme ; tchaikovsky lets it arrive unannounced .
the musicians and singers perform unannounced and without microphones , ending with little if any applause .
the rescue operation was codenamed " feuerzauber " ( german term for " fire magic " ) ( also known as " zauberfeuer " or magic fire).at around 6:22 am local time , the landshut made an unannounced and perfect landing in mogadishu , somalia .
parole officers go to parolees houses or apartments to check on them as unannounced visits .
it showed cute candy and bubbly britney along with an unannounced ty girl ( the girl has now been identified as precious paris ) .
she begins to act inappropriately , showing up unannounced to cook meals for ignacio .
schafer worked on an unannounced playstation 2 action - adventure game at lucasarts , but it never entered production .
in 1987 , " henry clay"s gold crew underwent an unannounced operational reactor safeguards examination ( orse ) .
the us embassy said their staff visited the site twice , the first time unannounced one week after the report surfaced , the second with official cooperation after three weeks .
another main character was the weston neighbor charley ( david leisure ) , a womanizing cruise ship employee who frequently barged into the house unannounced to borrow food or make sexist comments .
former ya naa mahamadu returned to yendi unannounced on the january 03 , 1987 .
at the end of the episode , after killing fleeter , miguel makes an unannounced visit to ellen 's house .
" project titan " attempted to address that problem using " different colored bullets , " but this did not fix the " unannounced " direct hit problem .
showing up unannounced in public places like a kroger ’s grocery store , performers played a boombox and did their workout .
during the george w. bush administration , laura had been requested along with other prominent conservative talk show hosts to the white house for an unannounced meeting hosted by the president , where he tried to explain and convince them to support his policies such as the war in iraq , and comprehensive immigration reform proposals .
anderson moved to nashville , tennessee in 1971 , arriving unannounced at his sister 's home , and took on odd jobs during the day - including one as a roofer at the grand ole opry house - while playing in clubs during the evenings .
keith urban served as an unannounced opening act at some shows .
the first recorded , but unannounced , withdrawal occurred in june 1981 , when vietnam 's 137th division returned home .
the japanese unannounced release on 28 july 2008 has seen shotest shogi immediately top of the current japanese xbox live chart , and still there ( as of 08 aug 2008 - see " xbox live japan " below ) .
zond 1967b was unannounced and undesignated launch of soviet unmanned version of soyuz 7k - l1 manned moon - flyby spacecraft .
certain missions or " unannounced " survivors are time - sensitive : if frank takes too long to begin a scoop their health will decrease , and in some cases of large rescues from certain psychopaths they may die off one by one .
prior to the tour , wings performed unannounced at the london hard rock cafe on march 18 in support of the charity organisation release .
dismissals of former lead anchors paul joncich and jennifer whitney were sudden and unannounced whereas personalities marcy valenzuela and jennifer krier were allowed to say farewell to viewers on air .
at the meeting , fans attended a fictional art is resistance meeting , and were later rewarded by an unannounced performance by nine inch nails .
the album was praised by many critics as the band 's strongest work to date , but a large percentage of stryper 's christian fanbase felt betrayed by this unannounced creative metamorphosis , and many of them accused stryper of selling out their image and message for greater mainstream acceptance .
he tirelessly spent his days dropping in unannounced at his store and making sure that every customer was treated as a welcome friend .
she went to his house unannounced one evening , and he seemed to know why .
prior to the publication of " pihkal " , during the 15 years in which shulgin held his license , there were two unannounced reviews of the lab ; both failed to find any irregularities .
jandek was performing as part of the instal festival , the same festival and venue at which he had made his unannounced live debut in 2004 ( released as " glasgow sunday " ) .
when seafort accepted command of " olympiad " , tolliver turned up on the bridge , unannounced , to offer his services as first lieutenant , an offcer seafort grudgingly accepted .
current projects include three sequels for different unannounced flagship game franchises and the feature film thriller nevermore .
shortly before the 2008 christmas holiday , four pre - orders for previously unannounced two - packs appeared on various online toy stores .
over the next few years , while trying to perfect the polio vaccine , salk had begun working unannounced , on a cure for cancer .
he said the trio of crs would have three different elements to it : an album , music videos , and a third element he failed to elaborate on ( speculation that what he was referring to at this point was the then unannounced " glow in the dark " tour ) .
troy aikman , then the quarterback for the dallas cowboys , made unannounced visits to the aol athlete direct chat room to interact with community members .
because aircraft from various nations sometimes operated unannounced in the northern iraq area , the opc rules of engagement required the f-15 pilots to attempt to verify the nationality of the helicopters .
nicky byrne from irish pop group westlife revealed on his twitter page that the band have recorded a cover of the song in memory of byrne 's late father as the b - side for their unannounced next single .
however , the original denzil line - up did not play again until one unannounced show in 2003 .
for the new arrival , the unannounced firing sometimes caused momentary consternation .
he often performs at children 's festivals and appears at elementary schools , sometimes unannounced .
nick walks into sharon 's home unannounced , by accidental e - mail and catches sharon & adam in a compromising position in her bedroom , and nick leaves jealous and upset .
in early march 2007 , boyd linked to the pair 's new webcomic , " three panel soul " , which had been updating unannounced since november 5 , 2006 .
also mentioned was the fact that daniel , david , neil and simon would continue working together on a new project under a new name ( as yet unannounced ) .
some jurisdictions require offenders under such supervision to waive their constitutional rights under the fourth amendment regarding search and seizure , and such probationers may be subject to unannounced home or workplace visits , surveillance , and the use of electronic monitoring or satellite tracking .
the committee met again in december 1946 , and formally revealed its previously unannounced decision that the jurisdictions of the bbwaa would no longer be defined by the fixed year 1900 receding into the past but by a fixed length of time from the present day , initially set at 25 years .
some of their recent titles include ' for the playstation 2 , nintendo gamecube , and wii ; and ' for playstation portable . ' for the wii is one of its most recent creations , as well as other unannounced projects .
the immediate cause of the protests was mainly the unannounced decision of the ruling junta , the state peace and development council , to remove fuel subsidies which caused the price of diesel and petrol to suddenly rise as much as 100% , and the price of compressed natural gas for buses to increase fivefold in less than a week .
the game debuted with the source engine 's new dynamic lighting , shadowing and soft particle technologies , among many other unannounced features , alongside ' . " team fortress 2 " was also the first game to implement the source engine 's new facial animation 3 features .
wash later sued the group and appeared on the joan rivers show unannounced immediately after the milli vanilli lip synch ' act ' expose ' erupted ' .
nick walks into sharon 's home unannounced and catches sharon and adam in a compromising position in her bedroom , and nick leaves jealous and upset .
after some days , king richard shows up at sir richard ’s castle unannounced .
with eli 's advice , gabrielle shows up unannounced at one of the games and explains that her behavior stems from her loneliness and that she misses her life in the city .
apparently , their photographer has shown up at his house several times , unannounced , in hopes of catching him celebrating .
the show also included segments with " uncle monty " and " roy kinghorn " , and is perhaps best remembered for the show 's introductory sequence , which involved the young children running into the captain 's house unannounced and gathering around a large barrel , which contained a mannequin ( named " short john o'copper " ) .
later , rachel appears in chicago unannounced , citing arguments with her mother , and moves in with mark and a very reluctant elizabeth .
established stars such as robin williams and jerry seinfeld would " drop in " unannounced to perform .
in july 2005 , former canadian defence minister bill graham made an unannounced stop on hans island during a trip to the arctic ; this launched yet another diplomatic quarrel between the governments , and a truce was called that september .
the first match of the event was between kurt angle and an unannounced opponent .
electronics integration will be conducted by lockheed martin at an unannounced site .
the incumbent johnson answers the doorbell , oblivious as to the identity of his unannounced visitors , misidentifying them even after introductions have been made : johnson [ doorbell ] " i 'll get it , lady bird !
mould and hart did a brief , unannounced reunion in 2004 at a benefit concert for ailing soul asylum bassist karl mueller ( who had been receiving treatment for cancer , and has since died ) .
many well - known stars , most notably marty robbins , would often drop in unannounced .
bresslaw and margoyles played gerald and dolly , a nervous couple who drop in on lipman 's character beattie and her husband harry unannounced .
for many years the band 's lead singer and principal songwriter peter hammill had rejected the idea of a vdgg reunion , but in 2004 ( following two one - off , unannounced reunions at hammill concerts ) , work began on an official reunion album .
although a snake is defending itself from the encroachment of its victim into the snake 's immediate vicinity , the unannounced and deadly strike may seem unduly vengeful when measured against the unwitting victim 's perceived lack of blameworthiness .
firebrand are currently working on 6 unannounced projects , two of which are for the wii .
living conditions at the facility are inspected bi - annually by the usda in unannounced visits .
clinton made an unannounced trip to north korea , a country with which the united states does not have diplomatic relations , on august 4 , 2009 .
the release dates of the two were still unannounced .
in reality , patients are only moved to the viewing rooms by prearrangement — no unannounced visits are allowed — and patients are kept , long - term , in a huge room , hanging from a high ceiling by wires attached to steel rods through the long bones , which allows them to be kept in a level , head - up , or head - down position by adjusting the traction wires .
currently he is the artist for an unannounced disney project .
in 1933 a farmer from deer park showed up unannounced at the school of agriculture and walked into a professor 's laboratory with a milk can full of blood which would not coagulate .
the unannounced attack at pearl harbor prior to a declaration of war was presented to the american populace as an act of trechery and cowardice , despite an established historical precedent of such military operations .
the character is described as " polished , demure , dynamic and assured " – a complete contrast to the nervous and quiet woman the mitchell family knew previously – and is said to cause a shock when she turns up in walford unannounced .
fda routine domestic inspections are usually unannounced , but must be conducted according to 704(a ) of the fd&c act ( 21usc374 ) , which requires that they are performed at a " reasonable time " .
in december , 2006 , yamada surprised the australian football community by arriving unannounced to trial with adelaide united
unannounced practice firings of the rocket battery frequently caused concern and alarm amongst local residents .
as with any fluid political situation , diplomatic recognitions of either party 's rights are subject to frequent and sometimes unannounced change .
upon his unannounced arrival at floyd bennett field , in the midst of howard hughes ' preparations for takeoff on a world tour , corrigan decided repairing the leak would take too long if he was to meet his schedule .
the nsw roads and traffic authority is quietly implementing an unannounced state - based alpha - numeric route numbering system , abandoning the national route system used since the 1950s and the complementary state route numbering system used since the 1970s .
she will represent mississippi in the miss usa 2007 pageant to be held in the spring of 2007 at an as - yet unannounced location and will be the second miss america 2005 delegate competing in this pageant .
after the three previous warnings holding king / drew out of compliance with federal guidelines since january 2004 , cms and federal authorities held an unannounced , last chance inspection of the hospital on july 31 and completed on august 10 , 2006 .
the plague comes unannounced and may strike down anyone at any time .
luckily , while chutney is busy becoming the owner of the planet , adonis " drops in unannounced " and manages to depress chutney so much ( by telling him there are no challenges left for him in life ) that it drives him to jump out of the window .
they decided to " replace " him by upgrading the command to an army and colonel - general hans - jürgen von arnim arrived in tunis unannounced on 8 december to assume command of fifth panzer army .
lady catherine de bourgh , who has heard rumours of an engagement between darcy and elizabeth but wants him to marry her sickly daughter anne , pays elizabeth an unannounced visit .
with the situation unresolved , and morton 's appointment unannounced , chotiner sat in his rnc office for a month after the inauguration with nothing to do , as the rnc staff wondered at his presence .
in response he returned unannounced on 30 november 1340 .
rawlins was shortly ejected from csicop at an unannounced and still obscure " election " .
unannounced visitors are asked to leave ; all visitors must arrange their visits in advance .
this enjoyed considerable success until the day of an unannounced visit from the headmaster 's wife .
around may 31 , 2007 , in an unannounced vote , the philadelphia city council voted 16 - 1 on a bill introduced by darrell l. clarke to permit the eviction and terminate the 1928 lease by which the council was allowed the use of the building " in perpetuity .
an unannounced " secret " show in islington in january 2005 sold out all 1000 tickets months before the show , most probably due to word - of - mouth and
lauderdale and composed of a mix of male and female participants , did an unannounced guerrilla " pendulum swing " bungee jump off the bridge , where they were to go back and forth on a home - made bungee cord made of steel cable attached to the cast - off point .
meanwhile kaju ’s adoptive mother – keya roy , a single parent and civil rights activist in la , arrives unannounced in delhi .
" skull fang " is the third and final game in the unannounced " vapor trail " trilogy .
this song would later be removed due to injuries with the lifts and as well as the unannounced pregnancies of beckham and brown .
eager to avoid the violence of earlier gigs and to give an opportunity for their songs to be heard without distortion and feedback , the band planned to perform several unannounced acoustic sets supporting sonic youth , but this was abandoned when the plans were leaked .
buzz monkey is currently in development of unannounced titles for all major seventh generation consoles : xbox 360 , playstation 3 , wii and psp .
instead , they played an unannounced " secret slot " in the afternoon on the second stage , with no sound check and after playing an exclusive club show in london the night before .
he would show up unannounced on the floor of both the house and senate or in house committees , corralling reluctant representatives and state senators and bullying opponents .
do these constructions expose a previously unannounced way of working by the artist ?
he visits rarely and always unannounced .
until the 1980s , with some exceptions , signing statements were generally triumphal , rhetorical , or political proclamations and went mostly unannounced .
he began making unannounced visits to her home and would take her on sunday drives to the quaker sunday school where he was a teacher .
in march 2006 , rose 's lawyer released the following statement : " in october 2005 , slash made an unannounced 5:30 am visit to axl rose 's house .
district officials visited the school unannounced to investigate the allegations of discrimination that were receiving media attention .
on april 20 , 2008 , rice made yet another unannounced trip to baghdad , this time to promote what she called the " coalescing center " of iraqi politics around prime minister nuri al - maliki .
the international red cross visited u.n. pow camps , often unannounced , noting prisoner hygiene , quality of medical care , variety of diet and weight gain .
further refusals followed from former " discovery " colleagues michael barne , reginald skelton and finally george mulock , who inadvertently revealed to shackleton that the " discovery " officers had all committed themselves to scott and his as yet unannounced expedition plans .
through each character we obtain a different view of how amber came into their lives , and who they believed her to be , when she arrived unannounced and uninvited at their norfolk holiday home , claiming her car had broken down .
they had to live in dormitories , four persons shared a room , men and women were separated and husbands and wives were not allowed to see one another , the " dormitory father " had the keys for every room and would come unannounced to see what everybody was doing .
also in 2008 , gearbox ceo randy pitchford announced that the company was working on yet another major unannounced title , hinting that it was " huge " .
in addition , a number of other unannounced celebrities " dropped by " during various segments of the show .
streisand , in turn , made an unannounced guest appearance on the show , surprising myers and guests , madonna and roseanne barr .
they published their own booklets , and within a year they had progressed from unannounced performances in student bars in ghent to an appearance at the ‘ night of poetry’ in utrecht .
the coptic church maintains that the two patriarchs installed during the derg era were illegitimate due to the improper removal of abuna tewophilos from the patriarchal throne , and his unannounced execution .
this was the first known live appearance of jandek , who played unannounced with backing from richard youngs on bass and alex neilson on drums .
unscheduled , unannounced and routinely taking place at the height of business hours while the restaurants and movie theaters and other businesses were teeming with customers .
meanwhile , it is now clear that the kidnapping was itself a ruse : while bunny took an unannounced trip , the nihilists ( her friends ) alleged a kidnapping in order to get money from her husband .
this , plus some unannounced gorilla - suited visits to the studio , sealed his place as anderson ’s intern .
in 1987 , when dean 's son dean paul martin was killed in a plane crash , jerry attended the funeral unannounced .
ben stiller and paul reubens ( in character as pee - wee herman ) made brief unannounced stops on the january 21 show .
he left dursley unannounced when in his sixties , leaving his family behind , and ingeborg subsequently returned to denmark , marrying jens kristoffer jensen , who adopted the children .
conde nast traveler 's sub title is " truth in travel " which means that their writers and editors pay their own way and travel unannounced .
bob dylan himself appeared unannounced at one of prine 's first new york city club appearances , anonymously backing him on harmonica .
following an inconclusive audition to replace mick taylor in the rolling stones , beck put together a live band for a us tour which was preceded by a small and unannounced gig in london .
on 31 october 1813 the retreating emperor napoleon spent the night as an unannounced guest at the bethmanns ' garden house .
level-5 currently have at least eleven titles in development , seven for the nintendo ds , two for the playstation portable and two for an unannounced console .
the character was introduced to the show on may 4 , 2007 when she walked into sonny 's office unannounced and demanded the use of a phone because her car had broken down .
fanny 's cousin george trellis ( walter abel ) , who has wryly observed fanny 's self - centeredness all along , brings job back to fanny 's home , unannounced .
the industry in the us is subject to federal and local regulations such as unannounced inspections .
in 2008 , artificial studios acquired funding for their unannounced title , codename " r6 " , from publisher ignition entertainment .
it would be the second longest automobile tunnel in kentucky , after the cumberland gap tunnel , and the longest allowing hazmat - containing vehicles to pass through unannounced and without escort .
the company farms and factories are open to regular unannounced inspections from independent bodies such as defra , the rspca and representatives of all major uk supermarket retailers at any time during the year .
at the age of nine , rajaram left his home unannounced to follow a spiritual path of renunciation but was soon after returned to his parents by a policeman .
none of the former ecw performers under contract to wwe appeared at the event ( nor the latter three events which soon followed ) , although mick foley , a retired worker who was n't under contract to wwe at the time , made an unannounced appearance .
to quell rumors of the unannounced but impending pfr breakup , patrick publicly explained the new band as just " a side project " .
kiden shows up at palmer 's apartment unannounced , but up just in time to find a passed out ms. palmer in her bathtub , her wrists cut open after trying to commit suicide .
at around 12:30 pm on 9 january 2008 , sophie elliott and her mother lesley were at the family home when weatherston arrived unannounced , saying he had a farewell present .
red team activity is any set of activities that deal with an unannounced assessment of security and readiness by an unfamiliar ( to the target ) team of operators with no awareness or support from the assessed target .
on july 29 , 1952 , an unannounced inspection was conducted at orgonon .
wilson continues to occasionally perform live , though usually in southern california , sometimes unannounced and typically unpromoted .
ul conducts periodic , unannounced follow - up inspections at manufacturers’ locations to check ongoing compliance .
the fall of the barmakids is far more likely due to the fact that barmakids were behaving in a manner that harun found disrespectful ( such as entering his court unannounced ) and were making decisions in matters of state without consulting him first .
the united states government financed a programme of " operations support officers " , part of whose job is to make random and unannounced inspections of unrwa facilities to ensure their sanctity from militant operations .
as well as a few unannounced songs .
ben stiller and paul reubens ( in character as pee - wee herman ) made brief unannounced stops on the january 21 show .
however , a relatively unknown fact , ( and somewhat unannounced by elgato ) , concerning later production eye tv 310 receivers was that eyetv 310 units sold via elgato 's online store from the beginning of 2008 were capable of receiving both dvb - s and dvb - s2 signals .
there were also caves in the nearby wells to hide in the possibility of an unannounced attack .
she received an excellent grade , the only submarine in the united states atlantic fleet other than the attack submarine up to that date to receive an excellent on an unannounced orse .
in 1993 jules received an unannounced visit from gidea thompson , who was his granddaughter from an affair he 'd had in his 20s .
the very presence of the balloon crew , who had arrived unannounced , likely led many base personnel to believe they may have posed a security threat or were a team from strategic air command testing the nuclear - armed facility ’s alertness .
disiglio was the " inside man " who saw to it that the door was unlocked for zinna and devincent to come in unannounced and surprise the card players .
in 1849 , a pair of british doctors , campbell and hooker , ventured into the mountains of sikkim unannounced and unauthorised by the chogyal of sikkim .
after school , luke drops by to see julie unannounced , which she is n't too thrilled about .
calloway 's final years on the show were marked by periods of declining health and ability punctuated by episodes of erratic behavior ; during these years , calloway reportedly bit music coordinator danny epstein during an on - set fight , and he once appeared unannounced at actress alison bartlett 's high school and proposed to her .
the eldest daughter of francis smith was a schizophrenic laboratory dwelling genius and held in high regard in the scientific community for the invention of the wombat , a ground dwelling marsupial now very common in sa australia , an invention which pleased most creatures except the wombat which displayed an utter disregard and comtempt at its unannounced creation , sarah has been recently recruited by a well known nazi clothing company .
chris is currently working on several projects including unannounced titles from atari and cartoon network .
more than 4 channels support like aaa has is also unconfirmed , sample rates are unannounced but most likely will be synchronized to aga paula to keep it compatible with cycle exact software .
geoff lapaire , director of all previous episodes of " pure pwnage " , left the show in september 2008 to focus on the then - unannounced tv series , and troy dixon , who played t - bag in the series , died in a car accident on december 6 , 2008 .
occasionally , a seer will see that by attacking a certain world , fleet , or base , eldar lives will be somehow saved from a future event ; eldar forces will then suddenly attack unannounced , and quickly withdraw as soon as their goal has been accomplished .
following unannounced nuclear warhead and missile testing by north korea in late may 2009 , obama 's state department expressed disapproval , calling the actions a violation of a 2006 united nations security council resolution .
standardized patients have also been sent unannounced in physician practices to evaluate standards of care .
ubisoft 's ceo , yves guillemot , confirmed that michel ancel was working on several unannounced projects in march 2008 .
after months of talks , lundvall managed to sign irakere and in july the group traveled to new york to perform an unannounced guest set at the famed newport jazz festival - new york .
reich was known to abhor unannounced visitors ; he had once chased some people away with a gun just for looking at an adjacent property .
it was not uncommon for the steipler to come to shach unannounced in order to consult with him on a matter of vital concern for the jewish people .
he and his team are working on an unannounced title .
brother 's bar hosted unannounced allman brothers performances in the 1970s and is a popular venue for local musicians .
several months later when he returned unannounced , he found mrs. lehmann in the company of another man .
an etiquette guide from the 1920s suggested showers should be " purely spontaneous and informal , " with guests arriving unannounced at the bride - to - be 's home , while a planning guide from the 1950s suggests more complex themes and games .
the guests were ashton kutcher , gabourey sidibe and bob costas , with unannounced visits from donald trump and kurt warner .
manson had been a surprise guest at the concert , appearing unannounced on stage during nine inch nails ' " starfuckers , inc. " recording of this performance can be found on nine inch nails ' live dvd "
he re - entered hull unannounced at the head of a large and prestigious party whose purpose was to recover the arms stored there after the bishops ' wars .
after she goes into the office one day ( telling the others that " if you hear a scream and a thud , just keep drinking " ) , diane walks into the bar unannounced .
beginning with volume 13 ( to be published in mid-2007 ) , the journal will undergo an as - yet - unannounced name change .
in april 2005 , when reason sleeps played their unannounced and unscheduled final show in cardiff 's toucan club , support that night came from shape of my addiction ,
unannounced , he joined the band at the end of their show to sing " bad company " and " all right now " .
among the city 's claims are : intimidating tenants into leaving rent controlled units , unannounced visits by armed guards , illegally entering units , changing locks , shutting off utilities , retaliating against tenants who refused buy - outs , remodeling units without necessary permits or inspections , and illegally renting out residential units as hotel rooms and executive suites .
in an interview with the palestinian newspaper " al - ayyam " , talib condemned hamas , claiming it exploits salafists groups such as his to fight israel : " the hamas movement has tried to gather the salafist youth and channel their thinking towards fighting the ( israeli ) occupation whenever they want and however they want in an unannounced way . "
despite numerous historical precedents for unannounced military action , the lack of any formal warning by japan , particularly while negotiations were still apparently ongoing , led to it being characterized as a " sneak attack " , and to president franklin d. roosevelt proclaiming december 7 " a date which will live in infamy " .
in saint helena he got into trouble for leaving for england unannounced .
he frequently makes unannounced visits into garfield 's home , where he flaunts his cuteness and becomes the focus of jon 's attention for the entire duration of his visit , much to garfield 's exasperation .
meanwhile , outside the room , sir humphrey has arrived unannounced and bernard informs him that , from now on , the pm would like a prior phone call to check if his visit is convenient .
other terms commonly used for an unannounced transfer include unsupervised , cold and blind transfer . " see also call forwarding "
this was the first known live appearance of jandek , who played unannounced with backing from richard youngs on bass and alex neilson on drums .
in a case involving a counterfeiter who employed scanner , computer , and printer to counterfeit currency but did not utilize any other devices , and in no way involved or relied upon the internet , electronic bulletin boards , or other networks , the ninth circuit struck down a condition that stated , " the defendant shall use only those computers and computer - related devices , screen user names , passwords , email accounts , and internet service providers ( isps ) , as approved by the probation officer ... all computers , computer - related devices , and their peripheral equipment , used by the defendant , shall be subject to search and seizure and the installation of search and/or monitoring software and/or hardware , including unannounced seizure for the purpose of search . "
they are currently working on unannounced titles on both wii and ds .
this modification was made in the summer of 1967 at the suggestion of charles " buster " griffith , a member of the trumpet section , and was premiered - unannounced - at the first football game that fall , after which it became tradition .
collapse is a sudden and often unannounced loss of postural tone ( going weak ) , often but not necessarily accompanied by loss of consciousness .
he announced his follow - up project will either be the original film " fiasco heights " or an unannounced comic book adaptation .
