a well - known example arises in the estimation of the population variance based on a simple sample ; for a sample size of " n " , the use of a divisor " n " − 1 in the usual formula gives an unbiased estimator while a divisor of " n " + 1 gives one which has the minimum mean square error .
the staff and crew provide an unbiased evaluation of the proposal 's viability and functionality .
the secret was the unbiased , non - political , non - sectarian and non - controversial content of his summons .
we use cross functional teams ( like the greek phalanx ) that have enough breadth of knowledge to see the big picture , are objective enough to get accurate and unbiased perceptions of environmental factors , and are flexible enough to act quickly .
as the unbiased pooled covariance matrix estimate , then hotelling 's two - sample t - square statistic is
he is one of the unbiased judges of indian rockers .
these reports are usually generated after an unbiased third party inspects and appraises the vehicle .
accept no money , gifts , or hospitality from the pharmaceutical industry ; to seek unbiased sources of information and not rely on information disseminated by drug companies ; and to avoid conflicts of interest in [ their ] practice , teaching , and/or research .
a professional agrologist or agronome is an individual dedicated to contributing to the prosperity of canada ’s agri - food industry by providing unbiased and professional expertise .
hermias’ accounts offer an unbiased source of information of this period .
the firm provides an objective professional pre - purchase home inspection as an unbiased third party .
an estimator or decision rule with zero bias is called unbiased .
funded by the dallas gliding association , which did not have any financial ties to sailplane manufacturers , dick johnson ’s evaluations were considered an unbiased evaluation and were reprinted in multiple languages and collected into book form .
although some journalists may assert their professional independence and integrity , and insist on producing an unbiased review , in other cases , writers may succumb to the pressure and pen a biased " puff piece " which praises the product or event while omitting any discussion of any shortcomings .
older was remarkably unbiased toward women in the newspaper field , believing " whoever could best do the story got the job " .
it was named best news channel for its portrayal of unbiased news in a complex and fast - moving environment .
recently , there is a growing interest among consumers to read unbiased consumer reviews before they make any online purchase .
njc works with their interns in developing unbiased reporting skills on various topics , focusing mainly on politics and public policy .
india everyday gives visitors an opportunity to scan headlines from a wide variety of sources , thus providing an unbiased view of the latest news and entertainment headlines .
the journal is cross - disciplinary , is committed to an unbiased exploration of the nde and related phenomena , and welcomes different theoretical perspectives and interpretations that are based on scientific criteria , such as empirical observation and research .
if a system is prepared in a state from one basis of a set of mutually unbiased bases , then the outcome of any measurement made in any other basis of this set will be uniformly distributed .
it follows that while the maximal number of mutually unbiased bases is known when formula_20 is an integer power of a prime number , it is not known for arbitrary formula_20 .
venture refuses to train hank for his future career ( with his dad and an unbiased delivery man both thinking his future is in box moving ) .
is an unbiased estimator of zero .
it is known that the least squares estimator minimizes the variance of mean - unbiased estimators ( under the conditions of the gauss – markov theorem ) .
as korea 's premier english - language channel , arirang 's mission is to present an accurate view of korea to the world through unbiased news reports and programs featuring a diversity of perspectives .
however , it has been emphasized that the history of the turkish and armenian nations can be discussed only in ... a scientific and unbiased fashion , " whilst chief of the turkish general staff gen. i̇lker başbuğ confirmed , " the prime minister has clearly said the border opening will take place at the time when armenian troops are withdrawn .
it helps students think in an unbiased way .
however , with tiling arrays , overlapping probes or probes in very close proximity can be used and therefore , giving an unbiased analysis with higher resolution .
although some question the unbiased nature and methodology of this report , the commission found that when analyzing the factors of race , household income , home value , and " the estimated amount of hazardous waste generated by industry , " the most significant factor in determining the location of commercial hazardous waste facilities in the us was race .
the magazine also features a number of parkour related equipment ( " like body building gear " ) or clothing evaluations to show how a traceur can increase his efficiency in the discipline by perhaps using the reviewed items , while the worldwide jam magazine promises to be impartial , unbiased and balanced some of these " road tests " have actually been written up by the magazines readers although it can be argued that this kind of reporting helps them achieve their goal .
kesterson , believing proctor would not be convicted in a cherokee court , appealed to the local federal court , asking that an arrest warrant be issued to ensure that proctor received an unbiased trial in a non - cherokee court .
the following two printed publications each offer unbiased ratings & detailed listings on thousands of usa and canadian parks .
gauss proved that the sample - mean minimizes the expected squared - error loss - function ( while laplace proved that a median - unbiased estimator minimizes the absolute - error loss function ) .
the approximation is mathematically unbiased .
researchers can use the psf to test hypotheses on a fairly large and unbiased sample of the world ’s cultures .
the web site should also have a search facility that is unbiased and the facility to register voters complaints and suggestions for improvement .
this example illustrates that an unbiased function of the complete sufficient statistic will be umvu .
typically such a system is biased — it might for instance produce more zeros than ones — and so hundreds of somewhat random bits are " whitened " to produce a few unbiased bits .
recent studies use " shotgun " sanger sequencing or massively parallel pyrosequencing to get ( mostly ) unbiased samples of all genes from all members of sampled communities .
according to their mission statement , the playwickian is , " saving the world , one word at a time " and is dedicated to providing " the student body with a voice and exercise students first amendment rights while remaining unbiased and truthful in the reporting of information and the quest for self - expression . "
to this end , pricescan set itself up as an " unbiased " price comparison engine .
given that one basis in a hilbert space is the standard basis , then all bases which are unbiased with respect to this basis can be represented by the columns of a complex hadamard matrix multiplied by a normalization factor .
the news reports showed that the white estate owns the rights to all her original manuscripts and keeps them in a vault at church headquarters in washington , d.c. , maintaining a shroud of secrecy , by not allowing access to the records by " outsiders " , thus preventing a fair and unbiased assessment by investigators who would not have a vested interest in the findings .
book 4 is spoken by a lawyer , tertium quid , who has no connection to the case but gives what he claims is a balanced , unbiased view of proceedings .
as a politician , he detested party politics and tried to form unbiased opinions on important matters of the period .
his object was to produce a scientific and unbiased work , and for this reason he wrote it in latin , giving it as title " historia sui temporis " .
he holds a certain objectivity that allows him to be unbiased and decide freely without fear .
communist party chairman earl browder pressured hicks to remove several passages that reflected negatively on the soviet union , but in the end the book was praised for its even - handed and unbiased presentation .
the site aspires to have an ethical stance with the principles of being free to use with no advertisements , independent , unbiased and journalistic in all its research and money - saving articles .
two or more statistical models may be compared using their mses as a measure of how well they explain a given set of observations : the unbiased model with the smallest mse is generally interpreted as best explaining the variability in the observations .
this unbiased ' ideal observer ' , when presented with an unfamiliar situation , would be able to immediately scan all potential consequences of all possible actions in order to frame a universal principle from which he could decide an appropriate action for the situation .
unbiased scientific advice is provided to member nation governments and international regulatory commissions in support of the management and conservation of coastal and ocean resources and ecosystems .
aisa is an organisation for individuals rather than companies and aims to maintain an unbiased view of information security in australia .
" thugs " holds the semantic field : " buddha - mind " , " ( enlightened ) mind " , " mind " , " soul " , " spirit " , " purpose " , " intention " , " unbiased perspective " , " spirituality " , " responsiveness " , " spiritual significance " , " awareness " , " primordial ( state , experience ) " , " enlightened mind " , " heart " , " breast " , " feelings " and is sometimes a homonym of " citta " ( sanskrit ) .
in contrast to conventional maximum likelihood estimation , reml can produce unbiased estimates of variance and covariance parameters .
assuming the missing data are missing at random this results in an estimate for the covariance matrix which is unbiased .
it is important to listeners that radio news is unbiased , accurate and trustworthy and is by far the most trusted media in sierra leone .
honestreporting canada ( hrc ) is a canadian media watchdog that monitors canadian media coverage of israel and the middle east to promote what it calls " balanced , accurate , and unbiased reporting " about israel .
formula_2 the empirical variogram with lag tolerance 0 is an unbiased estimator of the theoretical variogram , due to
still reluctant to join a party on either side of the political spectrum , hofmeyr felt rather that the position of administrator did not entail loyalty to the agenda of a specific party , but an unbiased loyalty to the entire province .
in 1994 two of these safety scientists got together with the idea of creating a forum for free and unbiased information exchange .
the efficiency of an unbiased estimator formula_1 is defined as
however , russian language media reports on the influence and nature of chechen oc have been the subject of much controversy and an unbiased analysis has yet to be provided .
between 1989 and 1992 , while he was the head newscaster for the rai news program " tg1 " , he came under attack for publicly declaring that he considered the ruling party " democrazia cristiana " his " editorial sounding board " ; because rai stations are state - owned and publicly funded , they are expected to be unbiased , which vespa 's words indicated not to be the case .
the guards in the opening scene call upon horatio to bear witness to the presence of the ghost , trusting in his unbiased opinion .
as of january 2009 ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko refused to appear in inter tv - programmes " until journalists , management and owners of the tv channel stop destroying the freedom of speech and until they remember the essence of their profession - honesty , objectiveness , and unbiased stand " .
some of these reviews have been quite negative , raising question as to how the excerpt made the semi - final cut anyway , or the negative comments could possibly be persuading unknown reviewers from taking the time to download and give unbiased feedback .
a negative unbiased clamp is the opposite of the equivalent positive clamp .
dwight gives jim a performance sheet to determine the employee of the month , using complete anonymity to ensure a fair and unbiased assessment .
the lineup played one show in las vegas , nv under the name " out of curiosity " to test the new material on a live unbiased crowd before deciding to adopt the motograter name .
apartment in calgary with a team of six employees became an unbiased source for education on alberta ’s local oil and gas sector .
yet , shcherbatov tried to be unbiased and to show both the positive and negative sides of peter ’s modernization .
earth institute critics note that professor sachs and his colleagues present the institute as an unbiased , practical research organization , they present solutions only from a leftist world - view , espousing european - style socialist taxation and spending policies .
if carried out properly , and if the validation set and training set are from the same population , cross - validation is nearly unbiased .
this is the story to read for anyone wondering who john mccain is but wanting a fair , unbiased accounting .
based at the university of colorado at boulder , and named after committee chairman dr. edward condon , a prominent physicist , the committee was advertised as an unbiased , objective , and thorough investigation into the ufo phenomenon .
the theorem holds regardless of whether biased or unbiased estimators are used .
while the first one may be seen as the variance of the sample considered as a population , the second one is the unbiased estimator of the population variance , meaning that its expected value e["s"2 ] is equal to the true variance of the sampled random variable ; the use of the term " n " − 1 is called bessel 's correction .
hughes was a trusted anchor for 37 years , known for his ability to report a story in an unbiased fashion that did not favor one side over another .
maxwell render was among the first widely available implementations of unbiased rendering and its gi algorithm was linked directly to a physical camera paradigm to provide a simplified rendering experience wherein the user was not required to laboriously adjust illumination parameter settings , as was typical of scanline renderers and raytracers of the time .
in the statistical community the same technique is also known as " gaussian process regression " , " kolmogorov wiener prediction " , or " best linear unbiased prediction " .
conformed in its entirety with previously unseen historical footage and documents , the film reconstructs the life of former argentine first lady from an unbiased perspective .
suzuki also retreated from earlier accusations , recognizing " c.u. 's stated commitment for objective and unbiased testing and reporting " .
the sovereign was also seen as an ideal representative of the canadian state , as opposed to a president , who , due to the election process , would simply be another politician , always accompanied by an inherent amount of division between his or her supporters and detractors , and therefore unable to appear as non - partisan and unbiased as a constitutional monarch .
this publication provides independent , unbiased reviews of drug classes for the treatment of most primary care disorders , such as diabetes and hypertension .
according to the unbiased forward hypothesis , the difference between these prices will equal the expected price change of the commodity over the period .
then " t " is unbiased for formula_98 , as formula_106 .
by 1995 , he had created the association for advancement of unbiased view of history ( jiyuu - shugi - shikan kenkyuu - kai ) and the committee to write new history textbooks .
the steinhardt social research institute was created in 2005 from a gift from michael steinhardt at brandeis university as a forum to collect , analyze , and disseminate unbiased data about the jewish community and about religion and ethnicity in the united states .
his reports and essays often originate from global “ hot spots ” , and his first hand experience in conflict zones coupled with his unbiased , nearly artistic analysis of current events define both the man and the circumstance .
efi is also widely recognised as a valuable source of unbiased , policy - relevant information on forests and forestry .
despite being an athenian and a participant in the conflict , thucydides is often regarded as having written a generally unbiased account of the conflict and all the sides involved in it .
because of its anti - glamor oriented approach to journalism , and unlike its competitors , the newspaper has now established itself as a neutral and unbiased publication , even while standing as a tough anti - establishment organ .
after the local attorney completed the process of getting an unbiased jury , andrew hamilton took over the defense , and won an acquittal on the grounds that the printed statements were true .
being a political novel opinion is unlikely to be unbiased , however this comment by alan lovell in 1961 is quite harsh ,
sneaky sunday is an atlanta - based nightlife and entertainment website that uses a national network of like - minded young professionals to provide unbiased ( unpaid ) recommendations for upscale bars , clubs , restaurants , hotels , leisure activities and live entertainment venues in over 90 us cities .
an unbiased hyperplane can be enforced by setting formula_56 in the primal optimization problem .
for non - normal populations , the sample correlation coefficient remains approximately unbiased , but may not be efficient .
their operational accuracies may also be reliably estimated from the theory of minimum - norm quadratic unbiased estimation ( minque ) of c. r. rao ( 1920- ) and used for controlling the stability of optimal kalman filtering .
the victoria cross was not the ' canadian ' version ( bearing the linguistically unbiased phrase " pro valore " ) .
the magazine has always sought to provide an unbiased opportunity for creative talent operating a submission process unlike traditional magazines - simply announcing a theme and deadline , with content for the magazine chosen from a postbag by the founding partners .
consulting with national organizations and interviewing industry experts each program makes certain that the information is current , accurate , and unbiased .
the pre - conscious , intuitive nature of attribute substitution explains how subjects can be influenced by the stereotype while thinking that they have made an honest , unbiased evaluation of the other person 's intelligence .
instead it seeks to provide rounded and unbiased advice and guidance to those wishing to find out more about what open source software is and how it might have an impact upon educational institutions .
the main idea of the proof is that the least - squares estimator is uncorrelated with every linear unbiased estimator of zero , i.e. , with every linear combination formula_13
since chia - pet is not dependent on specific sites for detection as 3c and 4c are , it allows unbiased , genome - wide de - novo detection of chromatin interactions ( fullwood et al . , 2009 ) .
most famously , the isis survey is often quoted by the childcare action project and fred phelps , both of whom insist that the study is accurate and unbiased .
the editorial team of novinite.com is dedicated to providing unbiased real - time news coverage in english of every aspect of contemporary bulgaria including ( but not limited to ) business and economy , politics , sports , society , culture , and lifestyle .
includes up - to - date data & unbiased guide for electronic manufacturing & quality control professionals .
in 1988 , to commemorate the bicentennial of european settlement of australia , the aboriginal and torres strait islander committee of the queensland bicentennial council reprinted " aborigines in australia " , claiming that reprinting " enables the earliest unbiased account of the australian aborigines to be re - introduced to the people of modern australia . "
if only the top endpoint is unknown , the sample maximum is a biased estimator for the population maximum , but the unbiased estimator formula_13 ( where " m " is the sample maximum and " k " is the sample size ) is the umvu estimator ; see german tank problem for details .
in other words , formula_13 is an unbiased estimator of the first moment .
if one defines " sample bias coefficient " ρ as an average of the autocorrelation - coefficient ρaa[δx ] over all point pairs in a set of m sample points , an unbiased estimate for " expected error in the mean " of a is the square root of : sample variance ( taken as a population ) times ( 1+(m-1)ρ)/((m-1)(1-ρ ) ) .
the digest presents unbiased pros and cons of issues before the u.s. congress .
formula_16 is an estimator of the common standard deviation of the two samples : it is defined in this way so that its square is an unbiased estimator of the common variance whether or not the population means are the same .
" pc format " has prided itself on being unbiased with its reviews , and has frequently given low scores to blockbuster , but poor quality , games .
as a member of " daytime for choice " , along with founder heather tom , she discussed with the " new york times " her decision to have an abortion in her 20s as well as her desire to see abortion depicted in a fair and unbiased light within film and television .
mesi is a resource from which to obtain unbiased news , and analyses on the greater middle east , including iran , the arab world and israel .
what this article calls " bias " is called " mean "- bias " , to distinguish " mean "- bias from the other notions , notably " median "- unbiased " estimators .
if an unbiased estimator of a parameter formula_8 attains formula_9 for all values of the parameter , then the estimator is called efficient .
the no - advertising policy and strict evaluation methods ensure unbiased opinions , professional appraisals that are guided solely by product quality , tasting format , and expertise rather than price or reputation .
is far better than this unbiased estimator .
however , the simulation outputs are weighted to correct for the use of the biased distribution , and this ensures that the new importance sampling estimator is unbiased .
while this is also probably true of agricultural journalists , they at least need to be cognizant of their potential bias to ensure they ask critical questions and present unbiased information .
providing that the random numbers are unbiased , this will always generate a random permutation .
" it is said that governments , expected to be unbiased and impartial , tend to be dominated by the leading identity groups or those groups that have been able to monopolize power within a country or territorial entity .
others have openly questioned why the bbwaa is involved in the award and hall of fame voting processes at all , citing in some cases journalistic integrity and the need to remain unbiased in their coverage of newsworthy events .
alternatively , in order to promote an unbiased analysis , bottles and even glasses may be disguised in a " blind " tasting , to rule out any prejudicial awareness of either vintage or winery .
such an estimator is then called the minimum - variance unbiased estimator ( mvue ) .
the closest equivalent to toyota 's mentoring process is the concept of " lean sensei " , which encourages companies , organizations , and teams to seek outside , third - party experts , who can provide unbiased advice and coaching , ( see womack et al .
as a therapist , it is also tom 's responsibility to observe danny 's psychological stability and make an unbiased decision on the need for danny to receive further medical treatment .
in fact , since " s'n " is complete , then δ1 is the unique minimum variance unbiased estimator by the lehmann – scheffé theorem .
tarasankar ’s chief contribution to bengal literature is that he dared writing unbiased .
the analysis of competing hypotheses ( ach ) provides an unbiased methodology for evaluating multiple competing hypotheses for observed data .
he may have been drawn to the period by the fact that he was descended from oliver cromwell and henry ireton , but his judgements are unbiased , and his appreciations of character reveal fine perception and broad sympathies .
if the residuals all have the same variance σ2 and are uncorrelated , then the least - squares estimates of β satisfy the assumption of being blue ( best linear unbiased estimator ) .
what the specific algorithm provides is a way of doing this numerically in an efficient and rigorous manner that , properly done , guarantees an unbiased result .
otv hopes to benefit from a large shareholder base hence a free capital allowing for an unbiased grid of programs and no political or other kinds of influences or constraints on the content of its shows .
the awards are also known for their impartial assessment and unbiased attitude as compared with other high - level awards for the media .
sagarin claims that from that point , the rankings are unbiased .
notionally , theoretical adjustments might be obtainable to lead to unbiased estimates but , unlike those for the normal distribution , these would typically depend on the estimated parameters .
elaine goes outside the store looking for an unbiased mirror .
palestinian representative to the united nations ibrahim khraishi called the report unbiased and professionally compiled .
the whitened sta is unbiased only if the stimulus distribution is elliptically symmetric ( i.e. , can be made spherically symmetric by a linear transformation ) .
besides being invariant under one - to - one transformations , median - unbiased estimators have surprising robustness .
according to danny sullivan , the editor of " search engine land " , " google ’s goal of making knol pages easy to find on search engines could conflict with its need to remain unbiased . "
his works stand out because of their wealth of details and above all because of his unbiased views of africans .
theoretically , the ignorance index offers a precise and unbiased quantitative measure of the information value of a program which can then be compared to the numerical value of any other such program .
in 1981 the newspaper " krakowska " became an icon of unbiased , independent information about the solidarity movement , serving as popular platform for conveying striking workers ' demands as well as the political commentaries against the official communist party line .
the center publishes analysis and publicly reported data that provide an unbiased alternative to traditional research university rankings .
he describes how zara 's citizens pleaded with the crusaders not to attack a christian city and gives an unbiased description of the looting by the crusaders .
out of the many writers , saadat hasan manto is one name which merits undisputed acclaims for his unbiased writings .
and thus solving for " n " in the above equation shows that the expected value of the estimator ( ( " k " + 1)/"k")"m " − 1 is " n , " i.e. , it is an unbiased estimator .
bcrf has received exceptional recognition from several organizations that monitor and provide comprehensive , unbiased information on charities .
invariant under translation of the underlying signal ; ( 2 ) it is unbiased in
however the institute told the guardian that the submission was " approved by three members of its science board " and supplied comments from an anonymous board member stating " the institute should feel relaxed about the process by which it generated what is , anyway , a statement of the obvious ... the points [ the submission ] makes are ones which we continue to support , that science should be practiced openly and in an unbiased way . "
also , none of these studies have been confirmed by unbiased sources .
the troops were initially welcomed by the falls residents , who trusted them to act in an unbiased manner .
unbiased estimation of standard deviation .
properly implemented , the fisher – yates shuffle is unbiased , so that every permutation is equally likely .
at the same time , searight intended his language to be more practical than most " a priori " languages like solresol or ro , which were intended to be unbiased by any particular group of natural languages .
i wish that i could give an unbiased opinion on such a matter , but seeing as how they really do " p0wn " it 's hard to say that they are not only the best looking , but the most academically achieved .
if the assumption of normality is replaced by assumptions of homoscedasticity and uncorrelatedness of errors , and still assume zero mean , then the gauss - markov theorem entails that the solution is minimal unbiased estimate .
the battle ends when one participant acknowledges defeat or one is judged the victor by an unbiased arbiter after a review of all related posts .
the gauss – markov theorem shows that , when this is so , formula_42 is a best linear unbiased estimator ( blue ) .
positional cloning is an effective method to isolate disease genes in an unbiased manner , and has been used to identify disease genes for duchenne muscular dystrophy , huntington 's and cystic fibrosis .
freeland 's family called on florida governor jeb bush to appoint an independent , unbiased investigator , because they claimed that the polk county sheriff 's office , which reviewed the shooting by an internal investigation , was biased due to the murder of deputy williams .
any " mean "- unbiased estimator minimizes the risk ( expected loss ) with respect to the squared - error loss function , as observed by gauss .
the sample mean and the sample covariance matrix are unbiased estimates of the mean and the covariance matrix of the random variable formula_3 .
metropolis light transport , a method of perturbing previously found paths in order to increase performance ( but sacrificing the " unbiased " property of the algorithm ) , was introduced in 1997 by eric veach and leonidas j. guibas .
stereology is a method that utilizes random , systematic sampling to provide unbiased and quantitative data .
he describes the film as about " the journey of one family and how it changes because of 9/11 " and suggests " we touch upon that in a very unbiased and educated way . "
instead , they emphasized the powers of reason and unbiased inquiry , especially inquiry into the workings of the natural world .
public media corporations should not be influenced in their news reporting by the executive in power , since they have the duty to supply the public with unbiased information .
assuming the reports are valid , investigative journalism can improve mediated deliberation by serving as an objective , unbiased source .
now that much government control has been loosened , it is now mainly a business - focused newspaper with more accurate and unbiased news .
therefore , those interested in self - directed iras should seek education offered by an unbiased source .
an unbiased estimator which achieves this lower bound is said to be efficient .
austin college also ranked among the " best 361 colleges " in the " 2006 princeton review " , was profiled in loren pope 's " colleges that change lives " , and was profiled in the 2005 edition of kaplan 's " unbiased guide to the 331 most interesting colleges " .
the obvious advantages of tiling array are that they provide an unbiased tool to investigate protein binding , gene expression and gene structure on a genome - wide scope .
it is considered easier because in the matriculation program the teachers set and mark the final exams that their students sit , whereas in the stpm the final exam is standardised and exam papers are exchanged between schools in different states to ensure unbiased marking .
the optical fractionator is the older standard for estimating the number of cells in an unbiased manner .
elsewhere , and nārada stress that both the king and his judges be unbiased in their hearing of cases .
the tenth point wanted an unbiased police force for the mining community .
offer angel llc is a scottsdale , arizona company that was founded in november 2006 as an online service for consumers seeking unbiased details about mortgageloans .
an effect here may be to convert an unbiased raw estimate to an improved biased one .
however some people have made claims like this even using unbiased iq tests .
if the model used to form " s"2 fits without bias , then " n"-1"s"2cp is an unbiased estimator of the mean squared prediction error ( mspe ) .
scalar unbiased case .
these physicians are contracted by an independent review organization , medical management companies , third party administrators ( tpas ) or utilization review companies to provide objective , unbiased determinations on what the root cause of the treatment was , whether or not there is medical necessity , if there was a sentinel event , what was the reason for it , etc .
this uncertainty is due to the variance of the sampling even though the result is unbiased .
many european scientists are disturbed by the fact that political factors and ideology prevent unbiased assessment of the gm technology in some eu countries , with a negative effect on the whole community .
picra has a mission of advancing knowledge about insular pacific species , populations , and ecosystems through unbiased scientific investigations .
to the british and the feuding politicians alike , this liability was looked upon as an asset ; he was considered to be unbiased toward any of the parties , except of course britain .
during this period , the company worked to refine its technology and the standards that it asked the community to adhere to in order to ensure unbiased and helpful reviews .
for example , exactly identified models produce finite sample estimators with no moments , so the estimator can be said to be neither biased nor unbiased , the nominal size of test statistics may be substantially distorted , and the estimates may commonly be far away from the true value of the parameter ( nelson and startz 1990 ) .
newsletters that purport to offer unbiased recommendations may suddenly tout the company as the latest " hot " stock .
manchester city 's bobby johnstone opined that " even an unbiased fan must regard manchester city with favour " , whereas birmingham 's len boyd gauged opinion quite differently : " they say birmingham city are the hottest cup favourites since wolves crashed to portsmouth in 1939 " .
there were initial fears that the song would damage presley 's reputation for being politically unbiased , but he loved the song and recorded it anyway .
if formula_37 is an unbiased estimator of formula_49 ( i.e. , formula_50 ) , then the cramér – rao bound reduces to
with a desire to create an unbiased canadian ballet troupe , and inspired by the sadler 's wells royal ballet , a group of ballet enthusiasts set out to create the national ballet of canada .
political jurisprudence is a legal theory that some judicial decisions are motivated more by politics than by unbiased judgment .
but within 10 years , the group had shifted focus and become the country 's foremost provider of unbiased tax information with a style that since come to be regarded by tax professionals as " the epitome of hard - nosed impartiality . "
equity investment management firms engaged by the sba must certify their adherence to guidelines designed to promote unbiased investment decision - making and eliminate conflicts of interest , including assurance that sba assets are managed in the best interests of the sba and that affiliated entities do not detrimentally influence investment decision - making .
the company remains unbiased by not taking any advertising from skincare manufacturers .
by following the academic progress of each student over time and using statistical mixed - model techniques , sanders has demonstrated that both accelerators and impediments to sustained academic growth can be measured in a fair , objective and unbiased manner .
a classic example of history being written by the victors would be the scarcity of unbiased information that has come down to us about the carthaginians .
maximum likelihood is asymptotically unbiased , but can not provide a theta estimate for a nonmixed ( all correct or incorrect ) response vector , in which case a bayesian method may have to be used temporarily .
it is not possible to find an estimate of the standard deviation which is unbiased for all population distributions , as the bias depends on the particular distribution .
the maximum likelihood estimate for " n " is " n"0 = " n " ( by contrast , the unbiased estimate is 2"n " − 1 ) .
the name independent was chosen to signify the new publication 's identity as an unbiased , credible , objective source of news pertaining to the stony brook university campus , without any display of favoritism towards the university 's administration , student government or any specific body of students , while striving to maintain and uphold the highest levels of journalistic ethics .
the reviews are extensive , unbiased and free to everyone .
saying that ary digital has been reporting without bias for a while but the recent events ushering the emergency rule and temporary closure of one of the biggest news network geo tv , ary digital required a better unbiased coverage .
by providing quality education and scientific information on the subject of ortho - k to all interested practitioners , the oaa provides an unbiased forum for the free exchange of ideas and concepts relating to all aspects of orthokeratology .
given his characterization in this story - admittedly from the red mask 's not exactly unbiased viewpoint - that was not an entirely inaccurate assessment .
it is unbiased in that the probability of a particular result is equal to the proportion of total support that that result has in all the votes .
the development of the merino is entering a new phase , objective fleece measurement and best linear unbiased prediction is now being used to identify exceptional animals .
they offer their customers unbiased access to international brands leveraged through their supplier relationships worldwide .
this recording capability enables robocop to document any situation he encounters with perfect recall and unbiased neutrality , with his memory being deemed through legal agreement as admissible evidence in a court of law .
if an unbiased estimator of formula_6 exists , then one can prove there is an essentially unique mvue estimator .
the legitimacy of an election can be affected by the criticism of monitors , provided that they are themselves seen as unbiased .
in theory , if not in practice , the unbiased forecast ( albeit usually based upon hidden assumptions ) should be an input into the subsequent budget , which is then a measure of where the organization intends to go – and indeed is targeted to go !
• school choice demonstration project ( scdp ) - an educational research project made up of a national team of researchers and institutional research partners devoted to the rigorous and unbiased evaluation of school choice programs and other school improvement efforts across the country
news reports are intended to be objective and unbiased .
the question of unbiased estimation of a standard deviation arises in statistics mainly as question in statistical theory .
in 2004 , ign launched " gamestats " , which serves as a more unbiased rating network , as it takes in every corporately owned game rating site , and averages it all into one score to give a general idea of the quality of a game .
two naturally desirable properties of estimators are for them to be unbiased and have minimal mean squared error ( mse ) .
in quantum information theory , a pair of orthonormal bases formula_1 and formula_2 in a hilbert space formula_3 are said to be unbiased if the square of the magnitude of the inner product between any basis vector from formula_4 with any other basis vector from formula_5 is equal to the inverse of the dimension of the hilbert space , or more notably
then , stein 's unbiased risk estimate is given by
the estimator is unbiased and the variance of the estimator decreases with increasing sample size or recombination rate .
it is a simpler task to find the energy levels in the unbiased system , due to its symmetry .
the pnlf method is unbiased by metallicity .
the forecast is the basis for planning , and has to be as accurate and unbiased as possible .
jurors from west and east tennessee were brought in and sequestered , because a judge determined that the overwhelming media coverage in nashville would prevent the selection of an unbiased jury from middle tennessee .
settings , the maximum likelihood estimator ( mle ) formula_14 is an unbiased estimator whose mse is
he approached contributors with the requirement that the authors " write an entry that would ' neither demonize nor proselytize , but would leave an accurate and unbiased historical record . '
working in partnership with local media outlets , internews offers objective and unbiased information to people across the country .
created in 2006 by the ica , the art materials information and education network offers unbiased information about materials used by artists to ensure safety and quality .
during the second world war , srg - ssr filled an important function as a neutral , unbiased supplier of news , reaching far outside switzerland 's borders through shortwave transmissions .
’particularly for women and children’’ and giving unlimited support to ‘ ’a free market economy’’ and also being unbiased by supporting and ‘ ’co - operating’’ with all the countries of the world ‘
this will help to show the researchers were unbiased and were not trying to hide negative results from readers , and actually makes it possible to objectively understand the phenomenon under investigation .
another application of the circle packing theorem is that unbiased limits of
the information below is based on village history and is unbiased and factual .
in this case , the pure phase of each element is of the same crystal structure , and the similar properties of the two elements allow for unbiased substitution through the full range of relative concentrations .
the author remarks that if we read the passages in an unbiased way , the events are seen as an attempt by members of the essene community to treat jesus with medicinal herbs .
margarita simonyan , rt 's editor - in - chief , says the station was born out of the desire to present an " unbiased portrait of russia " .
in contrast novial has one symmetric , unbiased system for both nouns and pronouns which marks either male , female , epicene or inanimate .
but an impartial and unbiased study of the dogra rule would expose that socio - economic conditions of the population played an important role in the emergence of a conflict between the rulers and the masses .
observations of an unbiased sample of stars of this type with or without observed planets ( exoplanets ) showed that the known planet - bearing stars have less than one per cent of the primordial li abundance , and of the remainder half had ten times as much li .
some aviation buffs , particularly those who promote the accomplishments of pioneer aviator gustave whitehead , have commented that this agreement renders the smithsonian unable to make properly unbiased academic decisions concerning any prior claims of ' first flight ' .
hall , from receiving an impartial trial by an unbiased jury .
she decides on rolling stone magazine as an unbiased , honest media source with no ties to the government , and the book ends as she arrives to tell them her story .
who produced figures carry great weight in national and international resource allocation , policy making and programming , based on its reputation as " unbiased " ( impartial and fair ) , global ( not belonging to any camp ) , and technically competent ( consulting leading research and policy institutions and individuals ) .
according to fuller , most unbiased observers have concluded that the samanta kshatriya and samanthan subdivisions should be treated merely as supereminent nair subdivisions .
