he earned his first oscar nomination for directing " dodsworth " in 1936 , starring walter huston and mary astor , " sparking a 20-year run of almost unbroken greatness . "
molana salaheddin ali nader shah angha — was officially appointed as the forty - second sufi master in the unbroken chain of transmission on september 4 , 1970 , when the cloak of muhammad was bestowed upon him by his father shah maghsoud sadegh angha .
the question was how to obtain consecration so as to preserve unbroken apostolic succession , as the bishop of llandaff refused to officiate at the consecration of the new archbishop of canterbury .
both archaeologists regarded the sudden appearance of minyan ware as one of two interruptions in the unbroken evolution of greek pottery from the neolithic up until the mycenean era .
unlike most other kabuki lineages which can be traced back in a more or less unbroken line , whether by blood or by adoption , the name of sakata tōjūrō was not held for over 225 years , from the death of sakata tōjūrō iii in 1774 until the name was taken up , and the lineage restarted , by nakamura ganjirô iii , who changed his name to sakata tōjūrō iv in 2005 .
only a dozen of the men had working muskets , the officers their pistols and a few unbroken swords .
“ sankirtanas ” in praise of lord venkateswara , the deity of seven hills in tirumala , india where unbroken worship is being offered for over 12 centuries .
for example , in the case of hooded rats , the stripe or " saddle " should be a single , unbroken line that runs down the spine and possibly partly down the tail .
ermey , in spite of the distractions , rattled off an unbroken string of insults for 15 minutes , and he did not flinch , duck , or repeat himself while the projectiles rained on him .
that record remained unbroken until 7 august 2005 when andrew flintoff scored five in the first innings and four in the second innings of the second test at edgbaston , and again until 12 september 2005 , when kevin pietersen hit seven sixes in the second innings of the last test at the oval .
the dance involves five people ( often accompanied by two tommy and betty characters ) connected by short , two - handled , flexible swords ( called rappers ) forming an unbroken chain .
heaven or a trigram with all unbroken lines ( light lines - yang ) have odd numbers 1,3,5,7,9 , and earth a trigram with all broken lines have even numbers 2,4,6,8,10 .
irish poetry also represents a more or less unbroken tradition from the 6th century to the present day , with the ulster cycle being of particular relevance to northern ireland .
the female often has a broken subterminal tail band , while males often have unbroken tail bands .
in either case , a hole through the cone or ball allows the fluid to pass if it is lined up with the openings in the socket through which the fluid enters and leaves ; turning the cone using the handle rotates the passage away , presenting the fluid with the unbroken surface of the cone through which it can not pass .
bamum tradition claims an unbroken line of succession since 1394 .
the vast extensions of unbroken plain are well - suited to large - scale mechanized farming .
the easter liturgy , which in the old settlements of the church takes place in the burial grounds early in the morning of easter sunday , celebrates the resurrection of christ and prays for unbroken fellowship with the faithful departed ; and ends in church with a service of holy communion with the risen lord .
it 's all a tad too neatly packaged , like a brand new set of austen with the bindings unbroken .
in the townhall there is an unbroken list of the mayors of rye going back to the 13th century .
the ruling dynasty 's origins , especially as expounded in later palace genealogies , are also of doubtful accuracy ; this is , in part , because the wodeyars , who were reinstated by the british on the mysore " gaddi " in 1799 , to preside over a fragile sovereignty , " obsessively " attempted to demonstrate their " unbroken " royal lineage , to bolster their then uncertain status .
once wilson took over , with close as the senior professional yorkshire enjoyed a period of almost unbroken success , winning the county championship again in 1960 , taking second place in 1961 , and winning again in 1962 .
karl bushby ( born 30 march 1969 ) is a british ex - paratrooper , walking adventurer and author , currently attempting to be the first person to completely walk an unbroken path around the world .
cimarron was officially chartered in 1861 and was named for the spanish word used to describe a mustang , meaning " wild " and " unbroken " .
a mistaken interpretation of the historic records led to the bombay sappers being considered as junior to the madras and bengal sappers whereas they could trace an unbroken descent from before the madras or bengal sappers were formed ; the case for reversion being taken up a number of times unsuccessfully , presumably due to inadequate records of the services of the corps in the late 1700s .
the post is open to all citizens meeting the following criteria : a natural born citizen of mexico , at least 30 years of age , and a resident of durango for an unbroken period of 5 years prior to election .
instruments in which the membrane is vibrated by an unbroken column of wind , without a chamber
as a result , the unit , for example , has an unbroken record of 100% passes in the annual marksmanship tests .
sri lanka has the longest continuous history of buddhism of any buddhist nation , with the sangha having existed in a largely unbroken lineage since its introduction in the 2nd century .
the unbroken occupation of the region around hisarlik continued with the arrival of the romans , and later the armenians and kurds .
being more removed from the centre of political power during the scottish reformation , each of the dioceses managed to continue an unbroken line of bishops .
the person who keeps an unbroken egg is said to enjoy the longest life .
. " clear , unbroken lines of influence lead from ancient greek and hellenistic philosophers , to medieval islamic philosophers , to the european renaissance and enlightenment .
he worked closely with craig harris on works such as " udu " about slavery in modern mauritania and " the circle unbroken is a hard bop " about african americans reaching adulthood in the 1960s .
his spacious formal garden plan drew out the perspective from the reflecting pools one to the other in an unbroken vista along a central axis from the west façade , which has been extended as the " axe historique " .
his highest score of 55 not out came against northamptonshire ccc at scarborough in 1938 , when he added an unbroken 84 for the sixth wicket with his captain brian sellars .
a book of poetry , titled " unbroken time " was written at idlewild and published in 1982 .
most of his athletic records in school remained unbroken for years after his leaving the school .
this arrangement began with the 1905 saskatchewan act , and continued an unbroken line of monarchical government extending back to the mid 1600s .
in the 1971 election , lougheed 's pcs ended social credit 's 36-year hold on power -- the second - longest unbroken run in government at the provincial level in canada .
after winning the intermediate championship in 1930 carbury have had an unbroken run in kildare senior football , playing in four successive finals as they won three titles between 1940 and 1946 .
the oldest unbroken tradition is found in hayfield , derbyshire based on a much older may fair .
the matter parity remains unbroken ( right up to the tev scale ) .
beyond them the 4th dragoons , in one unbroken line and to cries of " faugh a ballagh " , attacked the right rear of the russian cavalry ; the force of their impact was such that they were able to hack their way from one flank to the other with the loss of only one man .
last man standing - live " , joining lewis for a duet of " cc rider " , " will the circle be unbroken " ( also featuring kris kristofferson ) , and concluding with a performance of " good golly miss molly " , with lewis backing him on piano .
an unbroken list of bishops of lleida goes back to the year 887 .
it also damages his hitherto unbroken friendship with jim carver .
colan 's long run on the series " daredevil " encompassed all but three issues in an otherwise unbroken , 81-issue string from # 20 - 100 ( sept. 1966 - june 1973 ) , plus the initial " daredevil annual " ( 1967 ) .
it is not by an unbroken succession of drinking bouts and of revelry , not by sexual lust , nor the enjoyment of fish , and other delicacies of a luxurious table , which produce a pleasant life ; it is sober reasoning , searching out the grounds of every choice and avoidance , and banishing those beliefs through which the greatest tumults take possession of the soul .
a major piece of the hindu law tradition is , however , not represented in the main body of this translation , but rather in its footnotes - namely , the commentarial or scholastic tradition that took texts like the " laws of manu " and explained and elaborated upon them in an unbroken tradition that extended at least up to the time of the british and in some ways beyond .
whitefield and wesley , however , were soon back on friendly terms , and their friendship remained unbroken although they travelled different paths .
he became " father of the house of commons " , with unbroken service of 49 years 215 days .
for a breadth of a few kilometres the upper snow - fields lie almost unbroken upon this slope , but as they begin to descend towards the main valley they are divided into two icestreams by a ridge which gradually emerges from the névé , and finally presents a rather bold front to the glaciers on either side .
this is a record that remains unbroken by any other steam locomotive .
his father beaupre bell , was a very eccentric individual with many singularities , having " hardly allowed his son the common necessaries of life " , however , owned an estate worth £ 1500 per annum and also was reported to have had over 500 horses , all of which were unbroken and allowed to roam wildly about the estate , ( a possible cause of the damaged beaupre hall heraldic glass ) .
generally speaking , poland is an unbroken plain reaching from the baltic sea in the north to the carpathian mountains in the south .
the bishop , of course , must be from an unbroken line of bishops stemming from the original apostles selected by jesus christ .
after the approach marching was complete , it would be extremely difficult to deploy an unbroken army of men for combat across any but the flattest ground without some sort of intervals .
the so called " long oral transmission " from teacher to student in unbroken disciplic lineages and the " short transmission " of terma .
he ruled for forty years , and died of natural causes at tara , succeeded by an unbroken sequence of six descendants , beginning with his son fínnachta , followed by two more sons , slánoll and géde ollgothach .
first , they can grow in sites that phagocytes are not capable of traveling to ( e.g. , the surface of unbroken skin ) .
a total of 384,000 farm separators are produced in sweden this year – a huge success and an unbroken record .
save for the disastrous defeat at the battle of tunis in africa , and two naval engagements , the first punic war was nearly an unbroken string of roman victories .
juniors in their first year have compulsory auditions especially as one 's unbroken voice was ideal to fill a leading female role or the seemingly predominantly female chorus !
once dubbed the " next seattle " during the independent rock craze of the early - mid 1990 's , san diego 's clubs and cafe 's have produced such pioneering rock acts as three mile pilot , rocket from the crypt , pinback , thingy , drive like jehu , clikitat ickatowi , unbroken , swing kids , creedle , battalion of saints , manual scan , beat farmers , the paladins , morlocks , crash worship , greyboy allstars , boilermaker , physics ( and aspects of physics ) , the black heart procession , the album leaf , tristeza , and pitchfork , among countless others .
his streak remained unbroken until the 1995 nebraska team would extend the stream to 26 games .
harbhajan later contributed an aggressive innings of 40 not out from 51 balls , in an unbroken 49-run final - wicket partnership with kumble in the second innings , their display of unorthodox hitting stretching india 's lead to 508 runs .
the hard shoulder is demarcated with a dashed yellow line ( as opposed to an unbroken yellow line on motorways ) .
will the circle be unbroken ? country music in america " called " walkin ' after midnight , " " bluesy , " while richie unterberger of " allmusic " also praised the song , calling its beat " bouncy " and its overall sound to be different from rockabilly and country music of the time .
under the unbroken subgroup the adjoint 24 transforms as
unlike his monoplane , however , the semi - biplane 's main wing formed a constant , unbroken span .
henry set a pace at 6:49 , which went unbroken for three straight competitors until cena wrestled , which had him beat the time , thus going to summerslam .
this included an unbroken sequence of 423 consecutive county championship matches between 1954 and 1969 , which is still the record number .
she is therefore a descendant , in an unbroken male ( though illegitimate ) line , of king charles ii .
he fought in the cause of italian independence in 1849 ; otherwise his life was an unbroken series of successes in his art .
in addition , they often found that unbroken republican party leadership resulted in corruption and poor practices , as in nassau county on long island .
new york 's strongest run was an unbroken string of placements from 1957 to 1966 .
unbroken played their final reunion show in seattle , wa at el corazon with undertow on october 3rd , 2009 .
during high school , bowler ran track , and set the idaho state record for the half - mile , which remained unbroken for twelve years .
it traces its roots in an unbroken line to the diocese of lindine founded in 678 .
this unity of structure and aesthetics ' has been attained ' he diagnosed , ' by the long unbroken vertical lines of the superstructure.’ montgomery schuyler knew of ' no steel - framed building in which the metallic construction is more palpably felt through the envelope of baked clay . ' " ( twombly 1986 )
however , the british have an unbroken tradition of using fife and drums corps attached to their regiments .
this record of cent percent passes of the 1981 batch remains unbroken .
the narwhals navigate their way along leads , but can become trapped if the ice ahead is still unbroken .
mountains and valleys are joined together in an unbroken succession ....
this record remains unbroken .
the company maintained unbroken service on its main european route to paris cdg and london gatwick from djibouti until 2009 .
while the exploits and adventures of the many who failed to establish themselves and perpetuate their names on the genealogies of the country have faded from the national memory , or are only alluded to in connection with some other more prominent figure , yet sufficiently many succeeded in making themselves famous among their contemporaries and sending their names and their exploits down to posterity as a cherished heirloom through unbroken generations .
the last in an unbroken lineage of drummond 4 - 4 - 0s stretching back to his unsuccessful c8 class of 1898 , the l12 continued the tradition of solid construction and robust operation .
bramston was thus unable to attend the king when required without rendering himself liable to immediate committal , and as no progress was made towards his trial , the king terminated so anomalous a condition of affairs by revoking his patent ( 10 october 1642 ) , sending him shortly afterwards ( 10 february 1642 - 3 ) a patent constituting him serjeant - at - law by way of assuance of his unbroken regard .
the music video for the 1991 single " unfinished sympathy " by band massive attack features singer shara nelson walking along west pico boulevard in an unbroken camera shot .
the papacy needed the support of english henry while german henry was still unbroken .
rené just haüy ( the famed french mineralogist ) in 1797 determined that the enigmatic altyn - tyube mineral was new to science and named it dioptase ( greek , " dia " , " through " and " optima " , " vision " ) , alluding to the mineral 's two cleavage directions that are visible inside unbroken crystals .
the vedic texts were orally composed and transmitted , without the use of script , in an unbroken line of transmission from teacher to student that was formalized early on .
the dock wall continues , mostly unbroken north to riverdale park .
this arrangement began with the 1949 newfoundland act , and continued an unbroken line of monarchical government extending back to the late 1400s .
the truth is that the short story form has reliably inspired brilliant performances by our best writers , in a line unbroken since the time of poe . " "
the tug hill region encompasses 150,000 acres ( 600 km² ) of unbroken , generally second - growth , northern hardwood forest , and is drained by a vast network of streams .
rugby union has an unbroken history in taiwan , but the chinese civil war and souring of relations with the mainland has meant it was effectively cut off .
the nitty gritty dirt band next sought to solidify its reputation as a country band , traveling to nashville , tennessee and recording the triple album , " will the circle be unbroken " with nashville stalwarts roy acuff , earl scruggs and jimmy martin , country pioneer mother maybelle carter , folk - blues guitarist doc watson and others .
the height of the stair is not known , but gandalf said that it climbed many thousands of steps in an unbroken spiral .
" unbroken will : " the song .
" ... a heavily ornamental spirit , a strong tendency to the two - dimensional , a stylized approach to concrete reality which had an almost surreal air , and an unbroken luminous quality to the paint , all of them qualities we can find in a similar fashion in numerous other mozarabic beatus manuscripts too ... certain details , such as the robes worn by a horseman or the bridle of a horse , still betray islamic features . "
catholic and orthodox theology additionally hold that the power and authority to confect the sacraments , or at least all the sacraments aside from baptism and matrimony ( the first of which may be administered by anyone , the second of which is administered by the couple to each other ) is passed on only through the sacrament of holy orders , and an unbroken line of ordination of bishops to the apostles is necessary for the valid celebration of the sacraments today .
for horizontal lines , six or seven glasses must be lined up in an unbroken row .
eric allen , who committed suicide in 1998 , played with the hardcore band unbroken .
the first settlers came to the salt springs area in the 1790s , and found an area of unbroken forest that was dominated by the eastern hemlock tree .
previously , he had held the record for the longest unbroken tenure in the senate .
possidius ( vita s. augustini , xxxi ) , after describing the death of augustine , speaks of his unbroken friendship with him for forty years .
kelvin hughes ltd is one of the longest established instrument manufactures in the world and has unbroken links traceable to the 18th century .
the unbroken thread .
players place special track pieces onto an irregular octagon board , winning by being the first to create an unbroken path between two opposite sides .
the recording was cooley 's first after taking over the band from jimmy wakely , and the first of an unbroken chain of six hits which lead to him being on the cover of " billboard " in march of 1946 .
the northumbrians had enjoyed an unbroken relationship with galloway for a century or longer , beginning with the northumbrian predecessor state of bernicia .
this pattern was unbroken until the 1944 rose bowl during world war ii and then the advent of the bowl championship series game in the 2002 rose bowl .
the gluons correspond to the unbroken gauge bosons and the color octet axigluons -- which couple strongly to the quarks — are massive .
but hope is unbroken , virtue is a safe path ”
injury worries for sainz , meanwhile , came not from himself , but in the form of long - time co - driver luis moya , who was forced to end his unbroken year - on - year chain of appearances with his compatriot in order to recuperate , with marc marti stepping in for the double world champion 's home rally .
he supervised the surveying and construction of all new victorian lines and championed various rail improvements including city station locations , construction of melbourne 's outer - circle railway and adaptations to permit unbroken rail traffic between sydney and melbourne .
according to church tradition , it traces its origins to the original christian community founded by jesus , with its traditions first established by the twelve apostles and maintained through unbroken apostolic succession and its formal history dates from the early days of christianity in the western roman empire .
although not as prominent as in the song period , contemporary chinese texts of the ming dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) describe a relatively unbroken history of designs of mechanical clocks in china from the 13th to the 16th century .
his unbroken nine - month reign was billed as the longest in a decade , lasting 280 days .
on march 4 , 1941 , lopresti set a still - unbroken nhl record when he faced 83 shots against the boston bruins .
this capture is still an unbroken record for any kowloon - based scout troop since 1955 .
only by maintaining an unbroken chain of awareness are they able to discover the gap or junction between two thoughts , or two actions .
the objective is to assemble an unbroken line from the left side of the screen to the right .
it was the finest team in world football , and the six - in - a - row record remained unbroken until the 1960s .
the main figures from the pan - green coalition , including chen shui - bian and former president lee teng - hui , initiated the 228 hand - in - hand rally in which more than two million people joined hands from the very north of taiwan to south to form an unbroken human chain .
the community self - identifying as jewish by birth , irrespective of halakhic ( unbroken maternal line of jewish descent or formal jewish conversion ) status , numbers about 7 million , or 2.5% of the us population .
it consisted of 100 ' nobilissimi cavalieri ' ( most nobile knights ) who , to join , had to show a record of an unbroken family lineage of belonging to the nobility for at least 200 years .
medieval and early modern irish literature portrays an almost unbroken sequence of high kings , ruling from tara over a hierarchy of lesser kings , stretching back thousands of years .
" unbroken " is the sophomore album from american idol season five runner - up , katharine mcphee .
liepāja 's coastline consists of an unbroken sandy beach and dunes as does most of latvia 's coastline .
nevertheless the agreement remained unbroken until 849 .
the art of h.g. wells " ( from 2005 ) connected " the time machine " , " the island of dr. moreau " , and " the war of the world"s together into one unbroken narrative . "
he was back again in 1948 , when he completed the second " double " of his career and made his highest score , an unbeaten 207 against hampshire at portsmouth , sharing an unbroken seventh wicket stand of 241 with albert rhodes that remained the county 's record until 2000 .
though dispersed , the canons met frequently at heeswijk or in some presbytery , and at the death of the abbot they always elected another , so that from the foundation of the abbey in 1134 , there is an unbroken succession of abbots .
while at west point , he became the only cadet to ever run the mile under four minutes ( 3:59.37 ) , and set school records in the 3,000 , 5,000 and 10,000 meters , which remain unbroken 10 years later .
like earlier teachings such as christian science du inculcates that the world is fundamentally an illusion of human ego outside , as it were , of an unbroken perfect spiritual reality in unity with god .
the " fake lamellar plates " were constituted from long unbroken perforated , laced , and notched strips of armour imitating strips of " true lamellar plates " assembled by lace from smaller plates of armour ( as typical lamellar consisted of horizontal rows of small plates arranged in strips ) .
with this , westlife achieved five # 1 singles from the same album in less than a year , a record that remains unbroken to date .
of the fifteen boat races in which he was coach oxford won twelve including an unbroken run of ten victories between 1976 and 1985 .
yet another horse , bowdler , broke the 6-furlong sprint record at the stc ( circa 1960 ) which remained unbroken for several years .
only some grainy video footage exists which was shot from shore ( which appears in the videos " the moment " and " making the call " ) , but the view was partially blocked by a smaller , unbroken wave in front of it .
in one long , unbroken take , cousy talked with nolte while sinking foul shot after foul shot , prompting nolte to say , in an unscripted line , " do n't you ever miss ? "
they recorded their first single " our new skin/ strung " in camden with iain burgess ( friend of steve albini ) and followed this with an ep " stickleback"/ " bed , table , chair"/ " necessary disease " and " unbroken line " .
poly netball club can trace an unbroken heritage back to this match and are therefore seen as the world 's oldest netball club .
unbroken was released on 28 october 2006 .
as the format of unbroken fixed - hour prayer developed in the christian monastic communities in the east and west , longer prayers soon grew , but the cycle of prayer became the norm in daily life in monasteries .
" will the circle be unbroken " was nominated for a dove award in 2002 .
unlike these types of strand lights , el wire is not a series of points but produces a 360 degree unbroken line of visible light .
the façade is an expression of unbroken verticality in " glistening white georgia marble " and sheets of glass .
only much later , emerged a claim that harald iii 's father were a descendent , in unbroken male line , from a younger ( and somewhat obscure ) son of harald fairhair ( this lineage is historically unattested , as pointed out by , for example , assessment of sjöström , 2007 ) .
wolfe , on surveying the town of beauport , found that the houses there had been barricaded and organized to allow for musket fire from within ; they were built in an unbroken line along the road , providing a formidable barrier .
the jlp defeated the people 's national party after eighteen years of unbroken rule .
" how unbroken is your eternal meditation ! "
art is also credited as being the ancestor of " the majority of the kavanagh septs that proliferated from the fifteenth century " ( 2 ) , and is the ancestor of the current chief of the name , andrew macmurrough kavanagh of borris house , the macmurrough ( see chiefs of the name ) , the title having passed in unbroken succession since the death of the last " de facto " king of leinster in 1632 .
however , with a line of strippers stacked up on his lap , it will take all of will ’s willpower to keep the boundaries of his relationship unbroken .
his later mills used a motive of pronounced piers or butresses between the windows , they extended unbroken from the ground to the parapet .
after 1782 , kuchesar mud - fort remained in unbroken possession of the family ; it was granted to them in perpetual lease by the mughal emperor shah alam in 1790 , a grant confirmed by the british in 1807 .
the difficulties of this theory include reconciling the differences between an unbroken week and a lunar week , and explaining the absence of texts naming the lunar week as " shabbat " in any language .
the girl 's softball team has had an unbroken streak of 79 victories from 2005 until 2009 .
in late 2006 , jessica recorded a song , " unbroken " , for a toys " r " us exclusive cd that came with the purchase of a sony cd player .
there was an unbroken view as far as the eye range reached .
his disciplic tradition continues unbroken till today , however the information regarding the leaders between leaders 12 and 13 is lost ; amongst which were many hundred leaders , due to interference from foreign invaders .
the instrument has several strings which are constantly bowed by a spinning wheel turned by a crank , producing unbroken musical notes .
the other derives axioms from the senses and particulars , rising by a gradual and unbroken ascent , so that it arrives at the most general axioms last of all .
casualty 1909 " , like its preceding series , is an unbroken experience of life with pioneering doctors and nurses a hundred years ago among the desperately poor .
it is one of the oldest theatre companies in australia ; since then it has had an unbroken record of operation in the local and northern tasmania community .
sugar cane is no longer grown on the ewa plain and ewa is now one of oahu 's suburban growth centers — an area of substantial sprawl spreading unbroken to ewa gentry and ewa beach on the south , kalaeloa on the southwest , and kapolei on the west .
it is noticeably different from the rest of the stations in the network : in place of the standard ' fosterito ' , a vast glazed atrium pours natural light into the entire station , and the long , unbroken escalator ride to the ticket hall from street level gives a dramatic sense of character to the station .
" this was not strictly true , since the conservative domination of the legislative council lasted unbroken for nearly a century after his death , but berry certainly deserved to be remembered as the most determined liberal politician in 19th century victoria .
this box set contains five unmarked cd - rs in unmarked digipaks , each one including only one unbroken track .
the lion and the salamander at his feet symbolize his purified desire and a decisive will that remains unbroken even when tested by trying circumstances and fire .
the first recorded cornet was in 1703 and other than the world wars there has been an unbroken line to the present day .
his service from november 4 , 1941 to january 3 , 1995 set a record for length of service in the house , which remained unbroken until february 11 , 2009 , when michigan congressman john dingell surpassed it .
the nmi supports the metrological infrastructure in that country ( and often others ) by establishing an unbroken chain , from the top level of standards to an instrument used for measurement .
gans assembled interesting combinations of musicians for lesh to jam with in a series of benefits for lesh 's unbroken chain foundation , culminating with a sold - out show at the fillmore auditorium in san francisco on january 31 , 1998 .
an unbroken flight of steps the full length of the colonnade provides access , for the main floor devoted to customer services is above a functional basement level that rises out of a dry moat giving light and air to workspaces below .
george meegan ( b. circa 1952 ) is a british long - distance walker best known for his unbroken walk of the entire western hemisphere from the southern tip of south america to the northernmost part of alaska , in 2,425 days ( 1977 - 1983 ) .
others believe that there is no way for a tradition to survive unbroken from the middle ages to the present day , and therefore practices are based more on historical studies of pre - christian beliefs than a body of lore passed from one witch to another .
these conventions were unbroken before the 20th century , when rigid gender roles were undermined and begun to dissolve .
during the period from 10 september 1898 to 23 march 1901 , ruddlesdin played every match , an unbroken run of 100 games .
it 's revealed that sark has continued his unbroken track record of survival and is behind the incident dixon is seeking help with .
the next year he slugged.846 , and these records went unbroken until 2001 , when barry bonds achieved 411 bases in 476 at - bats , bringing his slugging percentage to.863 , unmatched since .
their texture is reticulate ( i.e. net - like ) and the lamellate ridges are unbroken .
usage of the term " maafa " to describe this period of persecution was popularized by professor marimba ani 's 1994 book " let the circle be unbroken : the implications of african spirituality in the diaspora " .
the last track on " the struggle continues , " " unbroken " , was written by ex - guitarist matt for nick after his death .
his later works are remarkable for their sense of unbroken development , progressing by means of thematic permutations and derivations .
according to church teaching , spousal love is intended to form an unbroken , two - fold end : the union of husband and wife and the transmission of life .
the book is autobiographical and deals with many different areas of acting skills , including action , imagination , concentration of attention , relaxation of muscles , units and objectives , faith and a sense of truth , emotion memory , communion , adaptation , inner motive forces , the unbroken line , the inner creative state , the super - objective and the subconscious mind .
at the start of the repair phase , all the territory that is so damaged that there is no longer a complete , unbroken wall around it is lost .
this arrangement began with the 1867 british north america act , and continued an unbroken line of monarchical government extending back to the late 1500s .
the use of the didgeridoo in this part of australia continues as an unbroken tradition since time immemorial .
unless " c=0 " , there ca n't possibly be any state which leaves the entire infinite dimensional conformal symmetry unbroken .
it has almost complete dense and unbroken bush and tree cover , sheltering numerous rare or endangered animal species .
he gathered up the wrecks of napoleon 's army and retired , swiftly and unbroken , to paris , where , after interposing his reorganized forces between the enemy and the capital , he resigned his command into the hands of marshal davout .
the trident in its original unbroken form was taken from the former colonial seal , which itself was replaced by the current coat of arms .
this series continued in unbroken production into the 1960s , although later designs were progressively simplified to reduce the high cost of hand - painting .
nikortsminda has a massive dome and has unbroken arcatures as its twelve windows , which are decorated with ornamented architraves .
the atomic oxygen then combines with unbroken o2 to create ozone , o3 .
this unbroken stretch ends with a new light shortly into the next town , pavilion , where ny 63 crosses at an angle .
the kuravanji named after viralimalai has had an unbroken tradition of presentation for nearly two centuries .
their motto was : “ frangas non flectes : virtus probitas ” meaning ‘ unbowed , unbroken , honor and courage.’ their coat of arms barry of ten per pale argent and gules counterchanged .
the saddle has had unbroken use since 1859 .
until the demolition of the stadium in 2003 , this record remained unbroken .
varnae reigned as the unchallenged leader of earth 's vampires for many thousands of years before ceding the title and position to vlad dracula sometime in the middle of the 15th century a.d. dracula retained this title in a nearly unbroken reign until earth 's sorcerer supreme , dr. stephen strange , uncovered a mystical spell that would banish all vampires from this dimension .
the film is centred by the extraordinary performance of sarala as the young chuyia , a girl whose spirit remains unbroken .
full ( i.e. , unbroken ) consecutive interpreting of whole thoughts allows for the full meaning of the source - language message to be understood before the interpreter renders it in the target language .
" the view " when stabilized or unbroken , is the nondual perception of the dzogchenpa , or dzogchen practitioner .
behind them — behind us — behind the armies and fleets of britain and france — gather a group of shattered states and bludgeoned races : the czechs , the poles , the norwegians , the danes , the dutch , the belgians — upon all of whom the long night of barbarism will descend , unbroken even by a star of hope , unless we conquer , as conquer we must ; as conquer we shall .
halifax choral society was founded in 1817 and has an unbroken record of performances .
what followed were an unbroken string of commissions , large and small , institutional and private , commercial and residential that made the practice of williams , williams , & williams , and in particular e. stewart williams , one those most fecund practices and architects in the region .
he made his first impression in february 1946 , when , on a matting wicket , he scored 314 not out for barbados against trinidad as part of an unbroken stand of 574 for the fourth wicket with schoolfriend frank worrell ( 255 not out ) , setting a world record for any partnership in first - class cricket that remains a record in the west indies .
this arrangement began with the 1867 british north america act , and continued an unbroken line of monarchical government extending back to the early 1500s .
sariputta declares that meditating on these 31 body parts leads to " the attainment of vision , in four ways , " and briefly outlines how this method can be used as a springboard by which one " comes to know the unbroken stream of human consciousness that is not established either in this world or in the next . "
the region is unbroken by highlands except in meta department , where the serranía de la macarena , an out lier of the andes has unique vegetation and wildlife believed to be reminiscent of those that once existed throughout the andes .
he died , hunger strike unbroken , on 13 september .
along with other shī‘a , nizari believe that following the prophet 's death his relative ali ibn talib was selected by divine decree to succeed the prophet as imam in the institution of imamate ( imama ) which continues in an unbroken hereditary chain through ali ibn talib , and fatimah az zahra ( the prophet muhammad 's daughter ) to the present day , under the aegis of his highness prince shah karim al - husayni , the aga khan iv , their forty ninth imam .
the mother circle of nroogd hived off daughter and granddaughter covens , which trace an unbroken line of initiation and share a common liturgy .
for an unbroken period of sixty years from 1895 - 1955 these sisters guided the students of bishop 's college : not only in their mental development , but in the levels of charity , community spirit and public service , and upholding of he school motto " non sibi sed omnibus " ( not for self , but for all ) .
because the tunnel tubes emerge within downtown mobile , the riverbank along the mobile river appears as an unbroken , continuous waterfront , with no other signs of the tunnels below .
each hexagram is a figure composed of six stacked horizontal lines ( 爻 " yáo " ) , each line is either yang ( an " unbroken " , or " solid " line ) , or yin ( " broken " , an " open " line with a gap in the center ) .
during the first millennium , the territory of northern bulgaria ( moesia ) was covered with an unbroken forest , known in europe as " magna silva bulgarica " .
during the relief of khe sanh , unbroken waves of six aircraft , attacking every three hours , dropped bombs as close as 900 feet from friendly lines .
his 1960 score on the platform was an olympic record that remained unbroken when the scoring system was changed in 1972 .
the ep 's cover of the country standard " will the circle be unbroken " , recorded during a jam session with canadian rock group spirit of the west , was also a popular radio single in canada .
syro malabar catholics of thrissur archdiocese have unbroken christian traditions going back to 52 ad .
farther north the still unbroken troops of the right wing drew off by the allenburg road ; the french cavalry of the left wing , though ordered to pursue , remaining , for some reason , inactive .
the university maintained an active philosophical tradition of platonism and aristotelism , with the former being the longest unbroken platonic school , running for close to two millennia until the 15th century in the middle ages , neoplatonist ideas influenced jewish thinkers , such as the kabbalist isaac the blind , and the jewish neoplatonic philosopher solomon ibn gabirol , who modified it in the light of their own monotheism .
the club played there for an unbroken period of 119 years until it moved to its new ground at the britannia stadium in 1997 .
later generations may have included this name to the list of emperors of japan , thus making him posthumously an emperor and assigning him as one of the early sovereigns and ancestors of the dynasty that has reigned unbroken since time immemorial .
earlier , there was an unbroken narrow - gauge line running from silchar , in assam , via bihar , and into pilibhit .
the record which he set that day was to remain unbroken until 1954 , when he again shattered it by almost 10 mph , this time in a ferrari sports car .
rungwe has unbroken 10m-15 m closed - canopy forest up to the tree - line at 2600 m , and is home to numerous important bird species .
an unbroken series of dated engravings makes it possible to follow his career as a print - maker and to date many of his paintings , but no clear pattern of stylistic development emerges .
this record remains unbroken .
in 2004 the book and the film were translated into an english version , called " unbroken will " , and were presented in the us with a tour including the united states holocaust memorial museum in washington , d.c. , columbia university in new york and the simon wiesenthal center in los angeles .
there are more than thirty miles of sandy beaches ( in an unbroken line from cleethorpes to gibraltar point ) , which give way in the north and south to acres of salt marsh and estuarine mud .
this is the start of a " phrase " i.e. an any unbroken chain of recognisable offensive and defensive actions , such as lunging or parrying performed by the two fencers .
yehoshua sofer is an israeli martial artist ( born 1958 in jamaica ) is the grandmaster of abir / qesheth hebrew warrior arts , a recognized martial art in israel , that it is claimed has an unbroken tradition from its roots as a fighting system of the warriors of ancient israel .
in the 1850s , with improved travel ( the great western railway and two branches of the grand union canal ) , villages began to grow into towns and merged into unbroken residential areas .
the weather at the time of accident was rainy and foggy ( unbroken clouds at 240 m , light rain ) .
the principle support for such a relationship comes from special cell / cell junctions , the belt desmosomes , that occur not just in the placozoa but in all animals except the sponges ; they enable the cells to join together in an unbroken layer like the epitheloid of the placozoa . "
the la ventanilla area consists of a long , unbroken stretch of undeveloped beach and a lagoon wedged between the pacific ocean and the sierra madre del sur .
when tendulkar and vinod kambli shared in a then - record unbroken 664-run partnership for their school in a harris shield match , he was on the same team and was due to bat next .
and from that time onwards the sons of vulcan passed the metavirus down in an unbroken line , sworn to hunt and kill white martians .
the lanes are separated with white dashed lines , while unbroken white lines are used to mark the edges of the median and shoulder .
the royal leicestershire heritage was included in the new regiment 's button design , which features the royal tiger within an unbroken wreath .
little river 's rushing waters and winds sweeping up the narrow hollows typically create an unbroken roar emanating from the valley below .
the coptic orthodox church of alexandria claims unbroken succession to the throne of saint mark
the belly is an unbroken pale cream , white or ivory .
the legislative assembly had been created in 1974 , and the clp had held government for an unbroken stretch of 27 years before clare martin won the alp 's first victory in 2001 .
he kept this record for a total of 20 years - the longest unbroken time period for this record .
a further distinction from the northumbrian smallpipes is that the scottish smallpipes lack an unbroken line of traditional playing .
