in some cancers , this receptor is altered to cause uncontrolled cell division , a hallmark of cancer .
in the united states the national institute for occupational safety and health ( niosh ) refers to this hazard as " the uncontrolled release of mechanical , electrical and other types of hazardous energy "
a convulsion is a medical condition where body muscles contract and relax rapidly and repeatedly , resulting in an uncontrolled shaking of the body .
] all of the uncontrolled studies and several of the unmasked experiments suggested that iridology was a valid diagnostic tool .
hemiballismus is a hyperkinetic movement disorder that causes uncontrolled movement on one side of the body .
classes f and g are uncontrolled airspace .
before joining giuffria , lanny was the main songwriter for his original bands named lights , american heroes and mondo cane with such songs as " all for one , " " lonely money , " " blow it all away , " " nasty girl , " " gypsy in a twisted world , " " dream carnival , " " high on a dream , " " empty cabaret , " " ca n't wait any longer , " " uncontrolled fire , " " prime time , " " ( she 's so ) photogenic , " " walking on the edge , " " violent city " and " riddles in the night . "
the uncontrolled epithelial cell growth occurs in the inner lining of the gallbladder and bile duct .
this most commonly results from an intercurrent illness ( such as pneumonia ) , myocardial infarction ( a heart attack ) , arrhythmias , uncontrolled hypertension , or a patient 's failure to maintain a fluid restriction , diet or medication .
" the night that all time broke out " is a short story by brian w. aldiss from harlan ellison 's " dangerous visions " , in which an uncontrolled eruption of time gas resets the clock on civilization .
all - way stop intersections need the least , and uncontrolled intersections require the most .
due to this industrial activity , sabadell received massive waves of immigration in the 1950s , 60s and early 70s leading to uncontrolled urban expansion and the creation of some new neighborhoods such as ca n'oriac and torre - romeu .
uncontrolled acceleration of the turbine rotor can lead to an overspeed trip , which causes the nozzle valves that control the flow of steam to the turbine to close .
the film is essentially a depiction of obsession and its constituents of sex , alcohol and uncontrolled emotions .
executions did continue and it is possible that this association eventually drove the cricketing patrons away , especially given their subsequent withdrawal from the artillery ground because of its reputation for uncontrolled gambling .
if cells ignore these signals and multiply inappropriately , their uncontrolled growth causes cancer .
decades of uncontrolled digs followed to fuel the antiques trade , and many of these pieces eventually entered collections in europe , the us , canada and japan .
in susceptible individuals , these drugs can induce a drastic and uncontrolled increase in skeletal muscle oxidative metabolism , which overwhelms the body 's capacity to supply oxygen , remove carbon dioxide , and regulate body temperature , eventually leading to circulatory collapse and death if not treated quickly .
all junctions are at - grade and controlled , with the exceptions of north beach road , everingham road , duffy road , and lord street , which are uncontrolled , and wanneroo road , which is grade - separated .
however , as well as the shrinking of the wetlands further severe damage to wildlife was caused by uncontrolled hunting of animals such as buffalo and waterbuck during the mozambique civil war and now the conflict has ceased it is likely the floodplains will become more populated , and further damming has also been discussed .
in addition , bands of english , gascon , german and spanish " routiers"— unemployed mercenaries and bandits employed by the english during outbreaks of the hundred years ' war— were left uncontrolled , to loot , rape and plunder the lands of northern france almost at will , the states general powerless to stop them .
some uncontrolled studies have suggested that vagal nerve stimulation might be helpful for patients with intractable seizures of primary generalized onset , such as jme .
a mutation of this gene may lead to loss of control over the cell cycle leading to uncontrolled cellular proliferation .
meanwhile , the birth of a son of antiochus , by laodice , is said to have excited in the mind of this ambitious minister the project of getting rid of the king himself , in order that he might rule with still more uncontrolled authority under the name of his infant son .
route 1 traverses the southern shore of prince edward island and is an uncontrolled access 2-lane secondary highway with a maximum speed limit of 90 km / h ( 55 mph ) .
in the event that proliferating cells become uncontrolled , by any measure , this mutated activity would certainly be characteristic of an increased risk in one ’s chances of developing cancer .
at uncontrolled airports , pilot controlled lighting may be installed which can be switched on by the pilot via radio .
because infiltration is uncontrolled , and admits unconditioned air , it is generally considered undesirable except for ventilation air purposes .
some degradation has occurred due to uncontrolled vehicular access , clearing for stock grazing , fire and rabbits .
as time passed , siegel 's grandiose ambitions mushroomed into uncontrolled greed .
reflex uncontrolled echoing of others words and sentences occurs in roughly half of those with gilles de la tourette syndrome .
installation of low - nox burner retrofits are the most common means of compliance , generally reducing emissions from uncontrolled levels by up to 50% .
disuse because of unprofitability and uncontrolled intentional and unintentional cross - pollination and crossbreeding ( genetic pollution ) , formerly huge gene pools of various wild and indigenous breeds have collapsed causing widespread genetic erosion and genetic pollution .
since the 1960s , resort development on the sea islands has threatened to push gullahs off family lands they have owned since emancipation , but they have fought back against uncontrolled development on the islands through community action , the courts , and the political process .
this leads to inappropriate activation of the anti - apoptotic ras signalling cascade , eventually leading to uncontrolled cell proliferation .
a bmj editorial noted that four positive studies of metformin were in patients who did not respond to clomifene , while the population in the negative studies was drug - naive or uncontrolled for the previous treatment .
for example , some incidents of hypoglycaemia may cause erratic and uncontrolled movements for which the person would not be responsible .
wildfires are an uncontrolled fire burning in wildland areas .
the result is water flowing uncontrolled to the cliffs edge where it is saturating the cliffs and causing the catastrophic " top - down block erosion " that we have been experiencing at sunset cliffs for decades .
stabilizers for polymers are used directly or by combinations to prevent the various effects such as oxidation , chain scission and uncontrolled recombinations and cross - linking reactions that are caused by photo - oxidation of polymers .
a crc ( clearwater revival company ) report claimed that " until a more detailed investigation of uncontrolled hazardous waste sites at clark afb is completed no conclusions can be reached about the present or future safety of the groundwater supply basin . "
in 1902 , the bubonic plague broke out among the population which the authorities soon blamed on " these uncontrolled kafir hordes " ( iliffe , p. 115 ) leading to many whites demanding segregation .
explosive growth of the population , uncontrolled growth of the cities and industries , and
when the un finds out this , their worst fears are realized - uncontrolled technology is becoming a threat , so they send a fleet to destroy the outpost and make sure no scientist or elf survives .
the hazards related to uncontrolled illegal collection of blood and plasma were realised in 1994 after an outbreak in blood donors , and countermeasures were initiated .
neonatal onset multisystem inflammatory disease ( also known as nomid , chronic infantile neurologic cutaneous and articular syndrome , or cinca ) is a rare genetic periodic fever syndrome which causes uncontrolled inflammation in multiple parts of the body starting in the newborn period .
x - ray diffraction shows pyramidalization on the nitrogen atom ( 59° compared to 0 for reference dimethylformamide ) and torsion around the carbon - nitrogen bond to an extent of 91°. attempts to prepare the free base lead to uncontrolled polymerization .
however , the beneficial effects of this policy were limited as the trade of precious metals from tsushima and satsuma was uncontrolled by the " bakufu " .
an " uncontrolled " spillway , in contrast , does not have gates ; when the water rises above the lip or " crest " of the spillway it begins to be released from the reservoir .
hellion manages to bring laura to the mansion in the nick of time , but the strain of his uncontrolled powers and the previous battle causes him to pass out and fall asleep for a few days .
tokka has a very uncontrolled appetite which leads him into dirk savage 's trap which consists of a buffet .
the most popular rumor suggests that the uncontrolled swinging led to cars slamming into a support pillar crushing riders .
his intention was supported by general public and physicians of the empire as he wanted once and for all to prevent uncontrolled and unsafe use of springs and develop a modern , provincial - run spa .
unfortunately , lmlv-1 was terminated in mid - flight after uncontrolled oscillations of the rocket were detected .
it is also a disadvantage in that care is needed to avoid uncontrolled operation at dangerously high power levels .
the game is strictly for two players , with all other countries being shown firmly as satellites of one or other superpower , or else uncontrolled .
a dread risk elicits visceral feelings of terror , uncontrollable , catastrophe , inequality , and uncontrolled .
de hidalgo recalled hearing " tempestuous , extravagant cascades of sounds , as yet uncontrolled but full of drama and emotion " .
" free " , uncontrolled formation of sports- or football clubs was not possible , as the " dfv " controlled everything .
despite all its shortcomings as the theatrical game of the actors , the errors of an army of extras uncontrolled by direction which provoked unintended laughter in some scenes and rendered dramatically limp those of the beginning , the film was well received by spectators , being shown for several weeks .
retvizan " , along with most of the rest of the squadron , returned to port arthur after their formation had been disrupted by the uncontrolled movements of the flagship after admiral vitgeft had been killed by japanese shells .
it is perhaps the need to balance the social and scientific aspects of archaeoastronomy which led clive ruggles to describe it as : " ... [ a ] field with academic work of high quality at one end but uncontrolled speculation bordering on lunacy at the other . "
hastings aerodrome is uncontrolled .
a b-52f-70-bw stratofortress bomber , " 57 - 0166 " , c / n 464155 , carrying two nuclear weapons , that had departed from mather air force base near sacramento , experienced an uncontrolled decompression that required it to descend to 10,000 feet in order to lower the cabin altitude .
other threats include uncontrolled vegetation , vandalism , climatic conditions , and public trespassing and encroachment .
the 2006 cape town truck - train collision was an accident that occurred on november 13 , 2006 when a metrorail train collided with a truck that had stalled on an uncontrolled level crossing at near somerset west , a town outside cape town , south africa , at approximately 08:00 local time ( 06:00 gmt ) .
when properly designed , this uncontrolled reaction can lead to an explosive energy release .
this study investigates safety , tolerability , pharmacokinetics and the impact on pulmonary and systemic haemodynamics of single doses of 0.5 and 1 mg of riociguat in patients with pah and stable treatment of sildenafil ( 20 mg thrice daily ) in a non - randomized uncontrolled trial .
polanyi wrote that an uncontrolled free market would lead to repressive economic concentration and then to a co - opting of democratic governance that degrades civil rights .
the amount , location , and timing of water reaching a drainage channel from natural precipitation and controlled or uncontrolled reservoir releases determines the flow at downstream locations .
march organizers believed that politicians were failing the black community by “ papering over the most vital dimensions of the crisis in international capitalism ” and blaming urban blacks for “ domestic economic woes that threatened to produce record deficits , massive unemployment , and uncontrolled inflation . ”
according to the cochrane collaboration review of the scientific literature , " in spite of encouraging results reported from uncontrolled case series there is very limited evidence from controlled trials concerning the effectiveness of treatments for vaginismus .
surface irrigation is often referred to as flood irrigation , implying that the water distribution is uncontrolled and therefore , inherently inefficient .
cargo and transport aircraft are typically used to deliver troops , weapons and other military equipment by a variety of methods to any area of military operations around the world , usually outside of the commercial flight routes in uncontrolled airspace .
foreign and other mining firms have replaced the uncontrolled miners , trees have been planted , and measures have been taken to protect endangered species .
north palm beach county airport , also known as north county airport , is an uncontrolled general aviation airport located 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) northwest of west palm beach off the bee line highway in palm beach gardens , florida .
drought and uncontrolled overgrazing denuded much of the island .
generally only entry is controlled and exit is uncontrolled .
these have been shown by the usda to reduce yields by 25–60% if left uncontrolled .
transaction is conducted to the price at which a comparable uncontrolled transaction
a downhole safety valve refers to a component on an oil and gas well , which acts as a failsafe to prevent the uncontrolled release of reservoir fluids in the event of a worst case scenario surface disaster .
" the problem with continuing to allow uncontrolled access to salvia is that the long term effects appear to be the same as other hallucinogens , such as lsd and mescaline , and that is often depression and schizophrenia , " said sen. gene therriault .
a good number of tributaries of the yangtze have been contaminated from the uncontrolled construction of chemical factories in the suburb areas .
uncontrolled traffic occurs in the absence of lane markings and traffic control signals .
today , palermo is a city of 720,000 inhabitants still struggling to recover from the devastation of world war ii and the damage caused by decades of uncontrolled urban growth .
sulfamethoxazole / trimethoprim is also known to increase blood concentrations of the drug warfarin ( u.s. brand name : coumadin ) and can cause an unexpected increase in clotting time and uncontrolled bleeding .
wargoth also teaches her how to fight , but every weapon she wields melts in her hand due to her uncontrolled energy .
the introduction of the cane toad was done as a biological control aimed at insect pests of sugar cane ; as has been the case elsewhere , lack of predators to control the cane toad has led to uncontrolled populations in some areas .
with the rise in the market now halted , uncontrolled selling began in august , which caused the stock to plummet to £ 150 by the end of september .
it is not unusual to see two or three male wasps locked together in midair combat , the aggregate adopting an erratic and uncontrolled flight path until one of the wasps breaks away .
she characterizes these ideas as " quasi - scientific dreams and prophesies " involving visions of escape from the body coupled with " self - indulgent , uncontrolled power - fantasies " .
in addition , uncontrolled studies have been performed , one of which reported 72% to 87% rates of successful insertion .
the defective protein allows the cell to divide in an uncontrolled way and prevents damaged cells from dying , which can lead to the growth of tumors .
in addition , wellspring campers are permitted to have as much " uncontrolled " food as they wish , as long as they measure and self - monitor their eating .
uncontrolled blood sugars suppresses the immune systems and generally lead to more severe cases of the common cold or influenza .
which in case of engine fire could cause a uncontrolled fire , damaging the wing structure .
uncontrolled composting is when compost " happens " , and although that may be functional in some circumstances , as with forest floor detritus , a neglected heap of kitchen and yard wastes will more likely result in " smells happen " , or " rodents happen " long before useful compost does .
the air in a ballooned suit can overcome the diver 's neutral buoyancy , and can cause a sudden uncontrolled ascent to the surface , resulting in decompression sickness and loss of consciousness .
patients with heavy , uncontrolled bleeding may not tolerate the hemodynamic effects of regional anesthesia .
uncontrolled manifold ( ucm ) hypothesis provides a way to quantify the muscle synergy .
these fish are being overexploited in their range , and it is possible that uncontrolled fishing has led to the disappearance of " pseudoplatystoma " species in some local tributaries of the amazon , orinoco , and magdalena .
uncontrolled substance .
shankland concluded that miller 's observed signal was spurious , due mainly to uncontrolled temperature effects rather than to the observed existence of an aether .
a third appearance of the ino mutation occurred in germany around 1933 , when mr kuhlewein bred a lutino hen in an uncontrolled breeding flight .
with loss of its natural habitat from deforestation and uncontrolled logging and hunting , philippine warty pigs have been forced into close contact with domestic pigs ( " sus scrofa domestica " ) ( the domesticated variety of the non - endemic eurasian wild boar ) , and hybridization between the two species has been reported .
isoflavones also have been found to have antiangiogenic effects ( blocking formation of new blood vessels ) , and may block the uncontrolled cell growth associated with cancer , most likely by inhibiting the activity of substances in the body that regulate cell division and cell survival ( growth factors ) .
as this uncontrolled ability threatens any telepath that might be near her , she is quarantined — even from her newborn sons .
uncontrolled build - up of methane in the atmosphere is naturally checked — although human influence can upset this natural regulation — by methane 's reaction with hydroxyl radicals formed from singlet oxygen atoms and with water vapor .
the aircraft entered an uncontrolled turn to the right , and in efforts to correct the ka-22 pitched into a steep dive .
in general , cancer is caused by damage to dna that leads to uncontrolled cellular growth and spread throughout the body , either by increasing chemical signals that cause growth , or interrupting chemical signals that control growth .
it is a notoriously dangerous stretch of road that has claimed many lives due to speed and uncontrolled intersections .
as a result , uncontrolled and duplicate information can become common and can lead to more problems than benefits .
uncontrolled proteolysis also is attributed to the disruption of vascular development and premature deaths in murine embryos deficient of the inhibitor " reversion - inducing - cysteine - rich protein with kazal motifs " ( reck ) .
there was generalized concern that the procedure would " induce uncontrolled bleeding . "
uncontrolled and unprotected reentries .
less than 2 full days into the experiment , one inmate began suffering from depression , uncontrolled rage , crying and other mental dysfunctions .
the viral promoter or other transcription regulation elements in turn cause overexpression of that proto - oncogene , which in turn induces uncontrolled cellular proliferation .
uncontrolled studies have suggested theories about the disorder , however a large scale formal prospective outcome trial using class a study , designed as outlined by the american college of physicians , found that the weight of the evidence - based medicine is that piriformis syndrome should be considered as a possible diagnosis when sciatica occurs without a clear spinal cause .
in addition , there may be uncontrolled movements , vomiting , breath holding , and pupillary dilation .
2c - t-8 is unscheduled and uncontrolled in the united states , but possession and sales of 2c - t-8 will probably be prosecuted under the federal analog act because of its structural similarities to 2c - t-7 .
the relative risk of late rupture of an aortic aneurysm is 10 times higher in individuals who have uncontrolled hypertension , compared to individuals with a systolic pressure below 130 mmhg .
the channels ' primetime news program , " repórter áfrica " , focus on independent daily news for the five african countries , often the only independent news source in these countries and it has been criticised by some regimes , namely são tomé and príncipe and the former regime of guinea - bissau , in the latter the channel was put off air for some weeks due to its " uncontrolled " news broadcasts although currently there are no problems . "
this uncontrolled growth causes significant difficulties in terms of traffic , sanitation ( access to safe water , sanitation ) , pollution .
although the original air station air traffic control tower is still standing , attached to one of the former navy aircraft hangars , the airfield remains an uncontrolled facility .
stopping the periodic and uncontrolled flooding of the river will lessen bank erosion in the long run .
however , data regarding the efficacy of corticosteroid injection is sparse and uncontrolled ( oxford level of evidence 4 ) and it is not clear that there is a benefit over the natural history of the illness .
air movement into buildings can occur due to uncontrolled infiltration of outside air through the building fabric ( see stack effect ) or the use of deliberate natural ventilation strategies .
she experienced uncontrolled illusions .
specifically devoting a chapter to his treatment of anger and its management she shows seneca 's appreciation of the damaging role of uncontrolled anger , and its pathological connections .
the system is said by rossy to be highly responsive and reactive in flight , to the point where he needs to closely control his head , arm and leg movements in order not to enter an uncontrolled spin .
while development is now tightly controlled in the vicinity of the forbidden city , throughout the past century uncontrolled and sometimes politically motivated demolition and reconstruction has changed the character of the areas surrounding the forbidden city .
the issues of uncontrolled growth , premature rural subdivision , loss of productive soils , strip growth , loss of forest land , loss of bay fisheries , loss of public bay access , the need to plan for infrastructure and other capital improvements and the need to acquire forest land and set goals for agricultural land preservation have been troubling state planning officials since the late 1930s !
just north of manchester , vermont the expressway ends and the road is either two lane or 4 lane undivided , uncontrolled road all the way to the canadian border ( except between shelburne and burlington , known as shelburne road , which is a 4 lane divided highway , and also for a section south of rutland ) .
it is a 20 kilometre long uncontrolled access 2-lane secondary highway with a maximum speed limit of 90 km / h ( 55 mph ) .
hore - belisha described this as ' mass murder ' shortly after being appointed he was crossing camden high street when a sports car shot along the street without stopping nearly causing him ' serious injury or worse ' when he was involved in a public - relations exercise to demonstrate how to use of the new ‘ uncontrolled crossings’.
the spillway is an uncontrolled concrete crest and concrete lined chute at the right abutment .
wrath ( latin , ) , also known as anger or " rage " , may be described as inordinate and uncontrolled feelings of hatred and anger .
the airport is uncontrolled , and the ctaf is 122.8 mhz , and the asos can be received on 132.275 mhz or by calling 831 - 724 - 8794 .
it was destroyed in the mid-1950s by an uncontrolled fire .
this was due to outgassing by an uncontrolled system that , today , would have been backfitted with activated carbon and hepa filters to prevent radionuclide release .
it may be required for those with severe infection and uncontrolled bleeding .
the two srbs , which can withstand greater aerodynamic loads , separated from the et and continued in uncontrolled powered flight for another 37 seconds .
during the course of fortitude the almost complete lack of german aerial reconnaissance , together with the absence of uncontrolled german agents in britain , came to make physical deception almost irrelevant .
during the decline of the roman empire and the early middle ages , much of the quality breeding stock developed during the classical period was lost due to uncontrolled breeding and had to be built up again over the following centuries .
the uncontrolled enrolment of an enormous number of students resulted in a significantly lower efficiency of studies and a hyper - production of personnel in certain educational areas .
uncontrolled legal and illegal mining of river sand leading to depletion of water table .
article 123 was perhaps the most radical of the provisions of the 1917 constitution and was intended to give the working class a relief to the many abuses and hardships they had previously faced from uncontrolled labor managers .
aniruddha ( ) means " uncontrolled " or " without obstacles " .
the fears among the upper classes for this uncontrolled force were eased by domesticating the police in stories explicitly devoted to them .
if the gene happens to be one regulating cell division , uncontrolled cell division ( i.e. , cancer ) can occur .
class g is completely uncontrolled .
if left uncontrolled yield losses due to clubroot can be as high as 50% .
the dc-7 , although still operating under ifr , was now " off airways "— that is , flying in uncontrolled airspace .
the local officials blamed the rechannelization and uncontrolled quarrying of gravel and sand at the side of river as the cause of the flood .
the mainly uncontrolled migration from india has always been of concern to the nepali government and it was reluctant to grant civil rights even in the second or third generations .
uncontrolled release of pressure has been the cause of many accidents in the oilfield and so the two barrier rule is considered very important for increasing safety .
in two uncontrolled clinical studies , about half of participants achieved a complete response after bl22 treatment .
the spillway is called an uncontrolled spillway because it has no tainter gates .
while narratives that depict unexpected and uncontrolled mutation ( e.g. as a result of radioactivity from nuclear tests ) are usually often pessimistic in their attitudes to science and technology , more optimistic ( or at least ambiguous ) attitudes are sometimes found in narratives that deal with the deliberate alteration of human or other beings .
the lake appears to have returned to its uncontrolled pre - claudian area by the end of the 5th century and certainly by the end of the 6th century .
when treatment with dmards fails , cyclophosphamide or steroid pulse therapy is often used to stabilise uncontrolled autoimmune disease .
the magicians must find her before her uncontrolled and untrained powers kill her and destroy the city , as well as overcome sonea 's distrust and fear of the magicians and their guild as they try to convince her to join their ranks .
he suffered from a rare disease , an uncontrolled movement of the midriff , which is now named " van leeuwenhoek 's disease " .
these people are in great danger , because these lands and the river are menaced by uncontrolled forest exploration , the cattle and the farming growing around the park , and the construction of a hydroelectric power plant in the kuluene river , the most important ascendant of the xingu river , despite the fight of these people against this .
caught between the uncontrolled magic of both his parents , iuz was inadvertently split into his human and fiendish halves .
a by - pass for the uncontrolled section of route 7 is under construction as of october 2009 .
independent authors commenting on the study have cautioned against drawing conclusions from the uncontrolled study considering the everyday experience of depressed people exposed to aspartame .
the uncontrolled increase of petrol vehicles such as buses , taxis , and private cars started chocking the streets of istanbul .
while these properties define the " core " classes of unaccusatives and unergatives , there are intermediate classes of verbs whose status is less clear ( for example , verbs of existence , appearance , or continuation , verbs denoting uncontrolled processes , or motion verbs ) .
when sprayed on broad - leaf plants they induce rapid , uncontrolled growth , eventually killing them .
the disease is an uncontrolled proliferation of b cell lymphocytes following infection with epstein - barr virus .
a departure from " uncontrolled substances darker , soul - inspired sound , " the movement " is more upbeat and expressive .
the creek was formerly ephemeral , but significant amounts of urban runoff that flow uncontrolled into the creek have created a perennial flow , known also as a " nuisance flow " .
a fire in the city , which began at 3 o'clock in the morning of march 6th ( " tenmei 8 , 29th day of the 1st month " ) , continued to burn uncontrolled until march 8th ( " tenmei 8 , 1st day of the 2nd month " ) ; and embers smoldered until they were extinguished by heavy rain on march 11th ( " tenmei 8 , 4th day of the 2nd month " ) .
the early complications were occasional cases of uncontrolled infection , resulting in significant morbidity and mortality ; the very frequent development of an immune response , while harmless to the patient , destroyed the virus and thus prevented it from destroying the cancer .
by the end of 2009 , as a result of a combination of international ( financial crisis ) and local ( uncontrolled spending prior to the october 2009 national elections ) factors , the greek economy faced its most severe crisis after 1993 , with the highest budget deficit ( although close to those of ireland and the uk ) as well as the second highest debt to gdp ratio in the eu .
section 6 measures , by direct questions , whether the respondent is depressed , by items relating to " feeling low " , uncontrolled crying , anhedonia , loss of feeling , suicidal tendencies , social withdrawal , insomnia or hypersomnia , dysthymia , etc .
though in name tikait rai was hasan raza 's assistant , he , like haidar beg , exercised uncontrolled authority .
crucially , it was neither meant to be an uncontrolled opening nor to apply to east germans wishing to visit the west as tourists .
due to a reduction of more than 95% of the original 20 million bat individuals population , as a result of vandalism , pollution , and uncontrolled tourism , the organization decided to buy the property in order to place it under conservation .
buffy then throws a large piece of broken glass and cuts off gwen 's arm , causing the now uncontrolled power of the glove to incinerate her .
classes a to e are controlled airspace and classes f and g are uncontrolled airspace .
it is about a love triangle between a young man with a married woman who first got tangled because of their uncontrolled urge to make love .
the suggestion here is that , left uncontrolled , the bureaucracy will become increasingly self - serving and corrupt , rather than serving society .
other jurisdictions treat a dark signal as an uncontrolled intersection , where standard rules of right - of - way apply without the requirement of a complete stop .
the former is a comparable uncontrolled transaction in the purest sense of the term -- if company a , in france , sells widgets to its subsidiary a(sub ) in turkey , then an external comparable transaction would be the sale of widgets from an unrelated french company b to an unrelated turkish company c on comparable terms as the trade between company a and its subsidiary a(sub ) .
the airport is uncontrolled and is open to the public .
this is critical in a drilling operation to avoid a kick and ultimately a blowout from uncontrolled production of formation fluids .
clozapine is contraindicated in individuals with uncontrolled epilepsy , myeloproliferative disease , or agranulocytosis with prior clozapine treatment .
aircraft experienced an uncontrolled roll of 120 degrees in five seconds
start of the current flow can be delayed past the point at which the arc would form in an uncontrolled valve .
in 1973 albury - wodonga was selected as the primary focus of the whitlam federal government 's scheme to redirect the uncontrolled growth of australia 's large coastal cities ( sydney and melbourne in particular ) by encouraging decentralisation .
a freeway interchange was constructed in 2008 at plumas lake boulevard for access to the plumas lake development previously served at an uncontrolled intersection with plumas arboga road .
in 2008 , an nuhs research team discovered runx3 , a gatekeeper gene which prevents the uncontrolled growth of cells leading to colorectal cancers .
excessive apoptosis causes hypotrophy , such as in ischemic damage , whereas an insufficient amount results in uncontrolled cell proliferation , such as cancer .
he rejected current experimental evidence for relativity , for example rejecting the rossi - hall experiment of muons as evidence of time dilation for allegedly having too many uncontrolled variables and judgment factors .
generally uncontrolled decompression results from human error , material fatigue , engineering failure or impact , that causes a pressure vessel either not to pressurize , or to vent into lower - pressure surroundings .
both types of rot , if left uncontrolled , will turn wood useless .
like haidar beg he also exercised uncontrolled authority .
in both controlled and uncontrolled fields , the pilot in command may decide to go around at any time , for example if the aircraft is not lined up or configured properly for a safe landing ; an aircraft , vehicle or other object has not cleared the runway ; no landing clearance was received ( in a controlled field ) ; the landing gear is not properly extended ; a dangerous meteorological condition is experienced on final approach ( e.g. , poor visibility , excessive cross - winds , etc . ) ; excessive energy ( too high or too fast ) ; or some other unsafe condition is detected .
the united states , schlesinger said , needed the ability , in the event of a nuclear attack , to respond so as to " limit the chances of uncontrolled escalation " and " hit meaningful targets " without causing widespread collateral damage .
such pins were then awarded to nurses who were needed by society during periods of spread of uncontrolled illnesses during the early period , and to recognize them as nurses who are educated , trained and experienced in the said field .
the system of public transportation in the city of san juan and surrounding areas ( big john ) , include bus identified with numbers and letters with routes that connect downtown with other cities such as villa krause rivadavia , santa lucia villa paula sarmiento albarracín and aberastain remise and taxis , but uncontrolled growth in population has led the study for the instslación new means of transport , is why this project in the installation of bus and streetcar .
of the 16 studies included in the review , 5 were uncontrolled .
the geostationary ring is a volume segment around the geostationary orbit defined by variations in altitude and declination that can occur for uncontrolled objects left in the geostationary orbit .
known for his convictions of young royalist minister , he was protected and saved by his own congregation from the " cleansing " massacres orchestrated against the aristocrats by some uncontrolled revolutionary mobs during the " reign of terror " period .
uncontrolled airspace is an aviation term to describe airspace where an air traffic control ( atc ) service is not deemed necessary or can not be provided for practical reasons .
uncontrolled sympathetic detonations may cause excessive ground vibrations and/or flying rocks .
north shore aerodrome sometimes also called dairy flat airfield , is a small , uncontrolled aerodrome located 2 nautical miles ( 3.6 km ) south souwest of silverdale on the north island of new zealand .
he was forced to kill anna , his wife and lloyd 's mother , when she was turned into a monster by an uncontrolled exsphere .
burn piles have the potential to spread uncontrolled fires , if for example wind blows burning material off the pile into surrounding combustible grasses or onto buildings .
willing to slow down uncontrolled email exchanges , they also slowed down internet speed and blocked email services such as google and yahoo , while campaigning for a state supported email service .
her androgyny was seen as symbolic of a wild , uncontrolled nature and , as a trait threatening to the gods , was condemned and destroyed by them .
although brittle diabetes normally refers to a severe , uncontrolled form of type 1 diabetes , it can also describe poorly controlled type 2 diabetes .
facebook stated : " as with any counterfeit product , studivz 's uncontrolled quality standards for service , features and privacy negatively impact the genuine article . "
he must also be fully alert and aware of the incoming cars at all times , otherwise a car could come into the station uncontrolled and crash into the cars in the station , or even derail .
as animals and plants no longer have humans taking care of them or controlling them , they are free to breed uncontrolled and to prey upon one another .
of another cavalier , lord goring a general in the royalist army , the principal advisor to charles ii , edward hyde , 1st earl of clarendon , said that he " would , without hesitation , have broken any trust , or done any act of treachery to have satisfied an ordinary passion or appetite ; and in truth wanted nothing but industry ( for he had wit , and courage , and understanding and ambition , uncontrolled by any fear of god or man ) to have been as eminent and successful in the highest attempt of wickedness as any man in the age he lived in or before .
uncontrolled burning frequently caused ( and causes ) problems , and was forbidden by statute in 1607 .
the uncontrolled banknote issuing aggravated inflation .
uncontrolled air infiltration from poor weatherization / weatherstripping / draught - proofing can contribute up to 40% of heat loss during winter , however strategic placement of operable windows or vents can enhance convection , cross - ventilation , and summer cooling when the outside air is of a comfortable temperature and relative humidity .
uncontrolled crystallization of cocoa butter typically results in crystals of varying size , some or all large enough to be clearly seen with the naked eye .
regulation of the cell cycle involves processes crucial to the survival of a cell , including the detection and repair of genetic damage as well as the prevention of uncontrolled cell division .
the commission is composed in part of uncontrolled , zealous volunteers .
the orange water of the roşia river is already heavily polluted from 2000 years of uncontrolled mining , with 110 times the legal limit of zinc ; 70 times the legal limit of cadmium ; and 3.4 times the legal limit of arsenic ..
the four are quickly involved in chaotic adventures , complicated by the sawhorse 's tendency to race off uncontrolled , and involving a menagerie of beings that includes " lollies " and their " pops , " water spirits and kelpies , talking animals and a grumpy grandfather clock .
b. emergency venting by " rupture disk " , a sacrificial device that prevents vacuum or pressure from destroying the chemical tank and release uncontrolled chemicals into the environment .
uncontrolled motor commands that only have excitatory postsynaptic potentials ( epsps ) would produce uncoordinated , jerky and even spastic movements .
since it was declared the capital of the state of paraná in 1853 , the city has gone through several major urban planning projects to avoid uncontrolled growth and thus has become an international role model in dealing with such sensitive issues as transportation and the environment .
uncontrolled agglomeration of powders due to attractive van der waals forces can also give rise to in microstructural inhomogeneities .
human control and the removal of " wild , uncontrolled " nature is underlined .
chronic wound healing may be compromised by coexisting underlying conditions , such as venous valve backflow , peripheral vascular disease , uncontrolled edema and diabetes mellitus .
in november 2007 , nigel hastilow resigned as conservative candidate for halesowen and rowley regis after he wrote an article in the wolverhampton " express & star " that included the statement : " enoch , once mp for wolverhampton south - west , was sacked from the conservative front bench and marginalised politically for his 1968 ' rivers of blood ' speech , warning that uncontrolled immigration would change britain irrevocably .
a significant threat in the coming decades will be the increasing uncontrolled discharges of wastewater within rapidly developing countries .
purebred naturally evolved region specific wild species can be threatened with extinction through the process of genetic pollution i.e. uncontrolled hybridization , introgression and genetic swamping which leads to homogenization or replacement of local genotypes as a result of either a numerical and/or fitness advantage of introduced plant or animal .
uncontrolled , these growths create a near monoculture of amur honeysuckle .
d - lysergic acid α-hydroxyethylamide is unscheduled and uncontrolled in the united states , but possession and sales of it for human consumption could potentially be prosecuted under the federal analog act because of its structural similarities to lsd .
route 3 is a 33 kilometre long , two - lane uncontrolled access secondary highway in prince edward island , canada .
like fire , it should be useful when controlled , dangerous if uncontrolled , " she says .
although kernighan decried pascal 's lack of type escapes ( " there is no escape " from " why pascal is not my favorite programming language " ) , the uncontrolled use of pointers and type escapes have become highly criticized features in their own right , and the languages java , and others feature a sharp turn - around to the pascal point of view .
accounts of a schizophrenia - like syndrome are thought to be rare in the historical record prior to the 1800s , although reports of irrational , unintelligible , or uncontrolled behavior were common .
a reversible form of dilated cardiomyopathy may be found with alcohol abuse , pregnancy ( peripartum cardiomyopathy ) , thyroid disease , stimulant use , and chronic uncontrolled tachycardia .
the term " three sheets to the wind " , " meaning " staggering drunk , " refers to a ship whose sheets have come loose , causing the sails to flap uncontrolled and the ship to meander at the mercy of the elements .
well control situations that are improperly managed cause blowouts , which is the uncontrolled and explosive expulsion of fluids from the well , usually resulting in a fire .
the original military control tower was brought down in december , 1999 and has been restored and re - erected as a historical icon , although the airport continues to operate as an uncontrolled airfield .
in this context , " stable " means that an uncontrolled bike will continue rolling forward without falling over as long as forward speed is maintained .
he said his constituents claimed that enoch powell , a politician noted for his rivers of blood speech , was right to warn that uncontrolled immigration would change the country dramatically .
however this does not eliminate the danger that road traffic may be hit by an uncontrolled event , especially in the area of the homer tunnel portals .
the oral model developed by the form critics drew heavily on contemporary theory of folkloric transmission of oral material , and partly as a result of this form criticism posited that the jesus tradition was transmitted informally , added to freely , and was uncontrolled .
inappropriate use of tools such as gouges and skew chisels can cause a " catch " , where the tool bites suddenly and aggressively into the wood in an uncontrolled manner .
( see aim table 4 - 1 - 2 ) at uncontrolled airports without a unicom , pilots are to self - announce on the multicom frequency .
this is also necessary in other types of reactor plants to prevent moderators from having uncontrolled properties .
two uncontrolled ogee crest spillways are concrete lined and located on each abutment .
however , the increase in uncontrolled extraction of rubber was on the road to provoking an international conflict .
since the break - up of the soviet union , tbilisi has been the site of uncontrolled / unsanctioned building projects .
