instead , the wsp(i ) began to court the ashbourne court group , a small group of ex - members who had been expelled from the spgb in 1991 for undemocratic behaviour .
these governments refused to have any contact with the gdr government due to its undemocratic character , and the hallstein doctrine stipulated that the frg would withdraw diplomatic contact from any country that established diplomatic relations with the gdr .
the present system is seen by some as undemocratic , but adopting a more conventional system would place the 7,800 residents of the city in control of the local planning and other functions of a major financial capital that provides most of its services to hundreds of thousands of non - residents .
in 2005 over 50 reforms were approved , which eliminated some of the remaining undemocratic areas of the text , such as the existence of non - elected senators ( appointed senators , or senators for life ) and the inability of the president to remove the commander in chief of the armed forces .
it is argued that the activists have a democratic and civic responsibility to operate within the confines of the law and that to do otherwise would be undemocratic , possibly even tyrannical .
among aft 's " undemocratic " practices are its abolition of the secret ballot -- its requirement that delegates to its convention vote for officers by roll - call ballot , identifying their choices and their names in writing .
in his 2008 new year 's message , biya expressed support for revising the constitution , saying that it was undemocratic to limit the people 's choice .
a large number of countries , both democratic and undemocratic , resort to administrative detention as a means to combat terrorism , control illegal immigration , or to protect the ruling regime .
this could lead to undemocratic results if different segments of the population used strategy at significantly different rates .
the rushed pace and what some consider an undemocratic goal and process , have brought strong criticism of his handling of the matter .
often , gongos are set up by undemocratic governments to create confusion when ngos seek to promote democracy in the country in question .
2 ) it gives too much power to the unelected judiciary which is argued to be undemocratic .
columnists for the boston globe and the new yorker have argued that this represents a surprisingly undemocratic action by a leader of china 's 1989 protests .
eight of them entered the coalition with the communists and founded the people 's front of yugoslavia ( " narodna fronta jugoslavije " ) , while the democratic party of milan grol boycott the first post - war elections of 1945 because the elections were held under undemocratic conditions .
scholar perry nodelman responded to the panel in the following " children ’s literature association quarterly " issue , describing the process as " an undemocratic but praiseworthy endeavor " where " some books " are " more important than others " .
they contend that some locals were merged without members’ consent through a top - down , undemocratic process .
their propaganda machine convinced many americans in the northern states that the citizens of upper and lower canada were being oppressed by undemocratic british government , and were simply waiting for the intervention of liberty - loving american sympathizers .
in 1912 , he had denounced the white australia policy as being " unbrotherly , undemocratic and unscientific . "
as the ideal of popular democracy came from prepositions of populism ( ex : popular rule in democracy is fairer than elitist parliaments ; decisions by general referendums are fairer than decisions by limited groups like parliaments and governments ) , and as platforms of certain groups claiming to be popular democratic are very similar to those of various democratic and undemocratic populist movements , there is discussion on the relation between both political philosophies .
following the june 26 , 2004 , the green national convention , forrest hill wrote an essay with carol miller , titled " ' , " which described the convention elections as undemocratic .
this election was criticized by local monitoring non - governmental organizations as being undemocratic .
these officially sponsored brothels were closed in january 1946 when the occupation authorities banned all " public " prostitution on the grounds that it was undemocratic and violated the human rights of the women involved .
there , dunstan spoke to a crowd of more than 10,000 : " we need to show that the people of sa feel that at last the watershed has been reached in this , and that they will not continue to put up with a system which is as undemocratic as the present one in sa . "
after the referendum , they stated that they did so because they vehemosly oppose milo đukanović 's rule , which they see as a corrupt tyranny and undemocratic dictatorship .
but he has also been criticized for an undemocratic leadership which has made several – especially female – politicians to leave their assignments within the social democratic party .
he is a vehement opponent of the european union and is noted for his belief that it represents a conspiracy to create an undemocratic superstate .
although al - sadr initially promised to support the conference , he changed his mind , claiming through a spokesman that it was " a sad joke " and " a trick on the iraqi people " because of the allegedly undemocratic process for selecting the delegates .
their political views seemed congruent as well , for the two men opposed the undemocratic structure of vancouver island ’s government .
other critics call the un undemocratic , representing the interests of the governments of the nations who form it and not necessarily the individuals within those nations .
he denounced as sacrilegious and undemocratic the petitions signed by thousands of clergymen in 1854 who said the nebraska act offended god 's will .
the underlying concept is " streitbare demokratie " ( self - defending democracy ) that legally hinders the rise of all anti - constitutional and thus undemocratic movements .
finally , his majesty the interceded to help restore peace and calm amid growing protests and threats of widespread violence between opposing parties in the national debate by declaring the elections undemocratic .
al baldeo , who claims he was promised the nomination by congressman gregory meeks , state senators john sampson and malcolm smith argued that the selection process was undemocratic .
the increasing influence of the society came to be seen by many as undemocratic and contrary to the free flow of intellectual ideas in american academia , and , as a curious side effect of the anti - masonic controversy of the early republic , the secrets of phi beta kappa in the appendix to a book published in 1831 .
the far - left sees the system as undemocratic , because it negates representation to a substantial minority .
it considers the soviet model to have been preferable to capitalism for the working class , but it has always criticised that model for its bureaucratic and undemocratic features , accepting trotsky 's definition of the ussr as a degenerated workers ' state .
“ political freedom ” comprises the variables “ free and fair elections ” , “ absence of undemocratic veto - players ” and “ press freedom ” . “ rule of law ” subdivides into “ independence of the courts and checks and balances ” , “ corruption ” and “ human rights protection ” .
in it , he described the gdr as a democratic and free state and the frg as undemocratic and fascist .
but some large freeman boroughs , such as cambridge , had small and undemocratic electorates because the right to be a freeman was restricted to a small group .
the request was granted despite overwhelming disapproval for such move that deem undemocratic by recent polls .
advocates of majoritarianism argue that majority decision making is intrinsically democratic and that any restriction on majority decision making is intrinsically undemocratic .
since most canadians did not mind whether the pipeline was there or not , the actions of the government seemed at best an overreaction , and at worst an undemocratic move .
echoing prentice 's sentiment harper insisted that the government " ... will use all legal means to resist this undemocratic seizure of power . "
some critics accused the leadership of undemocratic procedures and also withdrew from the party .
for much of the period , the tories commanded a broad base of support in rural england , but the relatively undemocratic nature of the franchise and the maldistribution of the borough seats ensured that this popular appeal was never translated into a tory majority in parliament .
upper canadians had similar grievances ; they were annoyed at the undemocratic governance of the colony , and especially by the corrupt and inefficient canada company .
new party leaders argued that classic third - party strategies were doomed to failure , but that the democratic party was too entrenched and undemocratic to be a useful institution for " small - d democrats " either , even if they could succeed in taking it over , and so a new kind of organization was needed .
the vicious and unprovoked attack on a respected and distinguished colleague is an example of the intolerant and undemocratic character of extremist politics that is increasingly being used against the free press . "
these amendments called for a gradual return to democratic political processes between 1978 and 1984 and were designed , in part , to assuage united states concerns over the undemocratic nature of the panamanian political system .
he saw these weak governments as undemocratic , as despite their slim hold on the commons they were able to pass a large number of their bills .
benkler contends that within the industrial information economy " most opportunities to make things that were valuable and important to many people were constrained by the physical capital requirements of making them " and thus in comparison to the networked information economy undemocratic .
by this new statute , an undemocratic act with eminently symbolic importance in the absence of its approval by the parliament , there is a new line of succession to the defunct throne of romania , in which nicholas is in the third place , after his aunt and mother .
list dedecker opposes the cordon sanitaire that is used to keep the hard - right flemish interest party from power , claiming that it is unsuccessful and undemocratic .
it is completely undemocratic . "
by the 1920s this was felt to be undemocratic and undesirable , so in 1933 the method of choosing members of the council was changed by referendum .
he has also frequently travelled abroad and spoken of singapore 's undemocratic situation to foreign media .
when president james buchanan and his southern allies attempted to pass a federal slave code , to support slavery even against the wishes of the people of kansas , he battled and defeated this movement as undemocratic .
during the 2004 general election , disgruntled former members of the independent democrats accused her of running the party in a " dictatorial and undemocratic " manner - in direct contrast with the image of transparency and accountability that she grounded her party on .
the conservatives accused the liberals of perpetuating " undemocratic practices " in parliament , by limiting the powers of mps .
shevchuk is highly critical against the undemocratic society that has grown in putin 's russia .
critics have argued , however , that the conferences were undemocratic , with a significant number of delegates not having been elected by cross - campus ballot .
the democratic party has faced accusations that it has been conducting its nominating process in an undemocratic way , because superdelegates are generally chosen without regard to their preferences in the presidential race and are not obligated to support the candidate chosen by the voters .
the un security council is the element considered the most distorted , undemocratic , and in need of reshaping .
judge anatoly kononov , who had frequently dissented from decisions taken by the majority of the court , in his interview to sobesednik supported yaroslavtsev , claiming that there was no independent judiciary in russia and criticized the new amendments concerning appointment of the court chairman as undemocratic .
mra , it said , was undemocratic : " buchman does not build up his movement from below ... but from the ranks of leaders ...
in march 1960 the pki denounced the undemocratic handling of the budget by sukarno .
he was interim president of syria from june 10 to july 17 , 2000 , between the death of hafez and the election of his son ( the election was undemocratic and the results were unbelievable where the ba'ath claims 97% of the votes ) , bashar al - assad , as the new president .
in spain bans are also considered undemocratic .
he was strongly opposed to the draft federal constitution on the grounds that it was undemocratic , particularly the nature of the senate , and unfair to new south wales .
uganda 's capital , kampala , had been arranged to host the 2007 chogm , and the commonwealth leaders were keenly aware that to hold the chogm in a country that was deemed undemocratic would reflect badly on the commonwealth secretariat and undermine the commonwealth 's commitment to human rights and good governance .
his most famous writing was a series of articles attacking the roman catholic church in america as a dangerous , powerful and undemocratic institution .
disputes between democratic states are significantly shorter than disputes involving at least one undemocratic state .
the mfdp refused this " compromise " which permitted the undemocratic , white - only , regulars to keep their seats and denied votes to the mfdp .
" socialist revolution " , under its founding editor james weinstein , began with a revolutionary perspective which was , however , very critical of the existing marxist left ( including the new communist movement as well as established organizations ) which it saw as undemocratic both in its way of operating and in its political aspirations .
takeuchi saw it undemocratic and he decided to resign as professor of tokyo metropolitan university .
the plans were passed in a closed session of parliament , after a pro forma hearing , a procedure which many considered to be undemocratic .
a civic body elected by the people of belgaum has been dissolved in an undemocratic manner .
the caf later stated that it is undemocratic and dangerous for a cabinet minister to " bully " an elected president and board of directors .
the students considered the traditional universities undemocratic and controlled by the professors and wanted more influence as well as more flexible teaching methods .
united states secretary of state condoleezza rice criticised the tv closure as " undemocratic " and went on to say " ... disagreeing with your government is not unpatriotic and most certainly should not be a crime in any country , especially a democracy . "
as the mechanics of the recall became widely known , some observers noted that it could produce a seemingly undemocratic result .
the party , perforce , endorsed federation , however they took a view of the draft commonwealth constitution as undemocratic , believing the senate as proposed was much too powerful , similar to the anti - reformist colonial state upper houses , and the uk house of lords .
the 1971 elections were preceded by a concerted effort by a group of dissidents calling themselves the socialist movement of czechoslovak citizens to urge citizens to boycott the elections or cross off official names in protest of the undemocratic character of the 1971 election law .
upon encountering these traditions , the intellectuals who co - founded the ezln found their marxist , leninist , and maoist preconceptions " totally inadequate for communicating with the local population , " and eventually concluded that their original plans for struggle were " undemocratic and authoritarian , " in their words .
owens highlighted the undemocratic manner in which the project was pursued , the exclusion of community input , and the abuse of eminent domain as key justifications , amongst others , for his opposition .
proponents of the measure called the double majority rule undemocratic because , in their view , the rule gave non - voters unfair influence in the democratic process by allowing them to make measures fail that otherwise won support among the majority of those who actually voted .
the campaign calls upon the south african government and those of other sadc countries to acknowledge that they are in effect protecting the undemocratic and repressive swaziland regime .
however , given the undemocratic nature of upper canada at this time , this win did not give the reformers the right to form a cabinet , with the cabinet ( the executive council of upper canada ) still being chosen by the lieutenant governor of upper canada , sir peregrine maitland , who remained allied with the family compact .
however , the wosm rejected nors 's constitution as " undemocratic " and favored a rival organization , the all russia national scout organization ( arnso ) — a group that had formed the day after nors , joining such groups as the federation of orthodox scouts ( fos ) , the russian union of scouts ( rus ) , and several local scouting organizations .
here , the press , seen as the pure expression of democracy , is protected from the government , which , despite having been elected democratically , is assumed automatically by your political culture to have undemocratic tendencies .
vanguard strongly criticised the imposition of direct rule and in its booklet ' ulster – a nation ' published in april 1972 , it pledged " resistance to an undemocratic and un - british regime " and suggested the possibility of a federal british isles .
their appointments were attacked by the young liberals as undemocratic .
the increasing influence of the society came to seem undemocratic and contrary to the free flow of intellectual ideas in american academia , and under great pressure , the undergraduate members at harvard revealed the secrets of phi beta kappa in 1831 .
ahi and ahipac both opposed american support of the 2004 annan plan for unification of cyprus , calling the plan " undemocratic " and " unworkable . "
the swp 's seattle branch , with support from individuals in other cities , split off from the swp over what it described as the swp ’s entrenched opportunism and undemocratic methods .
he resisted the undemocratic and dictatorial actions of dewan sir c. p. ramaswami iyer and was instrumental in getting a resolution passed by the sabha council ( church council ) condemning sir c. p ’s move to proclaim travancore as an independent state following the lapse of british paramountey ..
in 1997 , he published " the tainted source : the undemocratic origins of the european idea " , a critique in which he contends that the european union shares some ideological affinity with fascism , nazism and communism , notably its rejection of the nation - state .
proponents cite the case of oliver jufer to paint thailand as an undemocratic nation .
critics such as pat buchanan accuse the ned of fomenting revolution and regularly interfering in the affairs of other countries , especially dictatorships and undemocratic regimes .
some scholars of electoral systems argue that the hagenbach - bischoff quota should be used for elections under the single transferable vote ( stv ) system , instead of the droop quota , because in certain circumstances it is possible for the droop quota to produce a seemingly undemocratic result .
the council of europe has barred belarus from membership since 1997 for undemocratic voting irregularities in the november 1996 constitutional referendum and parliament by - elections .
the erc campaigns only against the undemocratic ratification process .
at that time , and in response to a european council report highlighting ireland as the most centralised country in the european union , it was decided that a single county dublin was unmanageable and undemocratic from a local government perspective .
during the final period of the undemocratic regime , the newspaper was frequently subjected to media attacks and acquired the reputation of being an opposition publication , although in the strictest sense it was not , but it was unique in the european socialist east .
asking for a royally appointed prime minister is undemocratic .
it was a response to what adler characterized as the united states ' antidemocratic or undemocratic educational system , a holdover from the 19th century , when the understanding of universal suffrage and basic human rights fell short of 20th century expectations .
republicans view the canadian monarchy as " outdated and irrelevant , " and an undemocratic institution because the incumbent sovereign is neither elected and nor a citizen once on the throne ; republicans will phrase this argument as " no canadian citizen can become head of state , " though this is technically not a valid claim .
some pro - democracy politicians boycotted the ce and ec elections , claiming that to participate would legitimize undemocratic practices .
he is an unwavering supporter of human rights and condemns violence and undemocratic governance .
he later elaborated on his foreign policy views , particularly relating to muslim countries , in a high - profile speech given at cairo university in june , where he called for reform of undemocratic countries from within .
most domestic and international observers consider his regime to be one of the most corrupt , ethnocentric , oppressive and undemocratic states in the world .
the " imperative mandate " provision of ukraine 's constitution came under strong criticism by the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe as being undemocratic .
zam ( speaking over her ) : … ya , ya , we are not like you , you have early perception , you come here , you want to project us like undemocratic country .
but hamilton favored a slew of measures that nowadays we would think of as undemocratic ...
unicameral supporters also argued that a bicameral legislature had a significant undemocratic feature in the committees that reconciled assembly and senate legislation .
the king himself , in a speech on 26 april , responded " asking for a royally appointed prime minister is undemocratic .
on the other hand he has criticised european countries , in particular france , for being undemocratic .
according to bacar , some of the countries backing military intervention are undemocratic themselves , and it was hypocritical for them to try to " give [ anjouan ] lessons in democracy " ; he said that an invasion would ultimately solve nothing and that he was ready to fight and die if necessary .
the old " proporz " system , where basically the spö and the övp would divide everything up between them , was increasingly seen as outdated and even undemocratic .
the g20 does not have a charter and its debates are not public , making it an " undemocratic institution . "
but acrimonious relationships between the two unions on the local level and aft 's insistence on what nea and its affiliates consider undemocratic practices -- as well as aft 's insistence upon affiliation with the afl - cio -- have proven significant obstacles .
the traditional congressional caucus nominated crawford for president and albert gallatin for vice president , but it was sparsely attended and was widely attacked as undemocratic .
the fraudulent polish elections , held in january 1947 resulted in poland 's official transformation to undemocratic communist state by 1949 .
he still rejected the idea that local rulers who favored the british should be given a role in governing , since he viewed them as undemocratic .
other historians have cited more general trends in europe that resulted , by the end of the 1930s , in more or less undemocratic governments in almost all european nations .
guéï retained some political power and was included in a reconciliation forum in 2001 , in which he agreed to refrain from undemocratic methods .
in 1827 he resigned his post due to his discomfort with the political establishment which he labelled as undemocratic .
it was instantly criticised for being one - sided , undemocratic and patronising .
in 1988 , the israeli government banned " kach " as " racist " and " undemocratic " under the terms of an ad hoc law .
his starting the prn is also criticized as the beginning of a long undemocratic period in mexico .
this was seen as the climax of a very undemocratic regime and it led to widespread agitation for constitutional reform .
he concluded that both the old politicians of the ruling party and various opposition parties have been clearly ineffective , undemocratic and inflexible .
the appointment procedure is considered undemocratic .
canadian content remains controversial at times — some canadians believe that cancon represents an unreasonable and undemocratic intrusion into the right of consumers to make their own entertainment choices , and claim that the policy is too often used to prop up weak or untalented artists .
like other internal labour party processes of the time ( e.g. " labour london mayor selection " and the " welsh labour leadership election " ) , the process to determine the order of candidates on the party list for the 1999 elections was controversial , with allegations that it was undemocratic and designed to sideline left - of - centre candidates , such as morris .
he justified this undemocratic action as a necessity of war .
during the draconian emergency which was clamped in 1975 for 20 long months he lead an underground life while continuing his work of educating the people on the undemocratic measures of smt . indira gandhi and
on 2 june 2009 , the former parliamentary speaker marian lupu ( who had been expected to become prime minister in a musical chairs - like shift of offices among voronin , greceanîi and lupu ) defected to the opposition , stating that he had realised that the pcrm was undemocratic and could not be reformed from within .
they claimed that the 40% rule was undemocratic and that the referendum results justified the establishment of the assembly .
in the singapore model , the elected government is the expression of democracy , and it is protected from the press , which is unelected and therefore undemocratic ...
an article by sayeed was published in " the guardian " on 24 january 2003 : entitled " an undemocratic war " .
after thailand 's revered monarch his majesty king bhumibol adulyadej took an unusual step but socially unifying step in declaring the landslide elections undemocratic , the election was declared invalid by the constitutional court , and new elections would have be held in october , but were canceled by the military that led a coup against the thai government .
while the clergy and the seigneurs ( landowners ) were happy with provisions favorable to them , british merchants and migrants from the thirteen colonies were unhappy with a number of its provisions , which they saw as undemocratic and pro - catholic .
entrenched clauses are , in some cases , justified as protecting the rights of a minority from the dangers of majoritarianism , but they are often challenged by their opponents as being particularly undemocratic .
the french media viewed the poll as undemocratic and a plot by the americans to sabotage any prospect of national reunification , however , france recognised the republic of vietnam soon after .
the 2006 report from human rights watch states : “ cuba remains a latin american anomaly : an undemocratic government that represses nearly all forms of political dissent .
ycsu supported the decision of majority of democratic organizations to take an active part in campaign of boycott of the unfree and undemocratic " parliamentary elections " .
after the party had appointed a candidate in ottawa centre rather than hold nominations , turmel claimed that it was undemocratic and called a meeting at which all greens were invited to elect candidates to run in various ottawa area ridings under the green party banner .
they argue that the compatibility is simply not there between secular democracy and arab - islamic culture in the middle east which has a strong history of undemocratic beliefs and authoritarian power structures .
the kind of workers ' state envisaged varies between the bureaucratic apparatus and internally undemocratic state departments and armed forces of capitalist states through to internally democratic and anti - bureaucratic structures such as workers councils .
the process which led to the confederation was considered illegitimate because in their opinion it was undemocratic .
in november 2007 , simon tisdall of the guardian pointed out that " just as russia once exported marxist revolution , it may now be creating an international market for putinism " , as " more often than not , instinctively undemocratic , oligarchic and corrupt national elites find that an appearance of democracy , with parliamentary trappings and a pretence of pluralism , is much more attractive , and manageable , than the real thing . "
unchristian ... unprincipled , undemocratic and racialist " .
it allowed his critics to portray him as undemocratic and grasping for personal power .
i am particularly surprised that the record industry has chosen to endorse s.17 of the deb , which i consider is wholly undemocratic and contrary to centuries of good practice regarding the forming of our copyright legislation .
rdpc secretary - general rene emmanuel sadi denied the opposition 's accusations of fraud , saying that by blaming the rdpc instead of engaging in self - criticism and refusing to acknowledge legitimate defeat , the opposition displayed an undemocratic mindset .
the 1970s revolt of the baloch , which manifested itself in the form of an armed struggle against the pakistani army in balochistan , was provoked by federal impatience , high - handedness and undemocratic constitutional deviation .
anarchists support their arguments by pointing to the undemocratic nature of the soviet union and other self - identified " marxist " states .
mckinney worked on legislation to stop conventional weapons transfers to governments that are undemocratic or fail to respect human rights .
the election of his daughter indira as congress president in 1959 aroused criticism for alleged nepotism , although actually nehru had disapproved of her election , partly because he considered it smacked of " dynastism " ; he said , indeed it was " wholly undemocratic and an undesirable thing " , and refused her a position in his cabinet .
many people in france attacked the undemocratic nature of the government , pushed for freedom of speech , and challenged the roman catholic church and the prerogatives of the nobles .
there have been accusations that the decision - making structure is undemocratic as the us has a veto on some constitutional decisions with just over 16% of the shares in the bank ; decisions can only be passed with votes from countries whose shares total more than 85% of the bank 's shares .
machines were undemocratic , but at least responsive .
the legislative council was seen by the australian labor party as undemocratic and a tool of patronage , and upon the establishment of a secure labor majority in the assembly in 1915 , labor sought the house 's abolishment .
there was , however , disagreement over the nepali congress proposal to include a member of the opposition on the national security council ; the cpn ( m ) and the cpn ( uml ) described this as undemocratic .
this undemocratic action was the main reason her civic rights were suspended in the later years .
further controversy followed as layton suggested the removal of the clarity act , considered by some to be vital to keeping quebec in canada and by others as undemocratic , and promised to recognize any declaration of independence by quebec after a referendum .
although , the language of the bill is couched in language to give the impression of what is hoped for is a more professional journalistic standard , the problem is that politicians and government actors would determine what that is and the law has been roundly criticized both inside and outside of government as being undemocratic and inhibiting free speech .
at times , snow 's defense of various undemocratic allied governments took on the character of blatant war propaganda , not neutral journalistic observation , but snow defended his reporting , stating
a review cites several other studies finding that the increase in the risk of war in democratizing countries happens only if many or most of the surrounding nations are undemocratic .
the new ceremony retains some of the religious elements of earlier rites , while eliminating other features now considered to be " undemocratic " .
from a distance winston churchill opposed the pact as undemocratic , and made a long statement on 31 may. he was responsible at the time for steering the transitional arrangements between the provisional government and britain , in the period between the ratification of the treaty and the creation of the irish free state .
the fact that voters in safe seats usually have little chance to affect election outcomes - and thus , those voters ' concerns can theoretically be ignored by political parties with no effect on election outcome - is often regarded as undemocratic , and is a major argument of supporters of various multi - member proportional representation election methods .
according to the organizers , the fundamentally undemocratic development hurt the poorest people in the world .
however , a review by the state department 's inspector general made the following conclusion : " our government ’s opposition to the use of undemocratic or unconstitutional means to remove president chávez was repeated over and over again during the relevant period by key policymakers and spokespersons in washington and by our representatives in caracas in both public and private forums .
he stated : " it has become clear that the danish presidency - in the most undemocratic fashion - is advancing the interests of the developed countries at the expense of the balance of obligations between developed and developing countries ...
on september 19 , after her defeat in the democratic primary , hong tran lamented to the seattle times of " how undemocratic the democratic party really is " , saying the state democratic party had tried to keep her from getting attention , forbidding her from putting up signs at coordinated campaign events and not giving her access to the state party voter rolls .
the prssa and other local campus organizations also opposed new student regulations presented by the campus administration that were deemed undemocratic by students .
members of other left - wing organisations , and ex - members of the swp sometimes claim that the party is undemocratic , that it has an inability to work with other groups on an equal and democratic basis or that it even deliberately aims to seize control of campaigns and control them .
the world awaits us ” , said lars løkke rasmussen responding to criticism of the danish led negotiations coming from several countries who regarded them as undemocratic .
one undemocratic aspect of the buccaneers was that sometimes they would force specialists like carpenters or surgeons to sail with them for some time , though they were released when no longer needed ( if they had not volunteered to join by that time ) .
liberal islam represents an islam that emphasizes individual freedom in accordance with the muta'zilah ( or mu'tazilite ) doctrine of human freedom and liberation of socio - political structure from oppressive and undemocratic domination .
in response to the undemocratic process and pro - capitalist orientation of the pt , they left and formed the united socialist workers ' party ( pstu ) but were also part of the iwl disintegration after moreno 's death .
the bill would not be withdrawn , he insisted on 16 december ; to do so would be undemocratic , he considered .
government officials claim that the withdrawal of the opposition candidates was a tactic to undermine the vote as undemocratic and was done after seeing their low standing on the polls .
in 2005 , the magazine " new internationalist " described oxfam as a " big international non - government organisation ( bingo ) " , having a corporate - style , undemocratic internal structure , and addressing the symptoms rather than the causes of international poverty – especially by acquiescing to neoliberal economics and even taking over roles conventionally filled by national governments .
in march 1829 , detrosier led a break - away from the manchester mechanics ' institute , which he considered to be undemocratic , and established the new mechanics ' institution .
it has been criticized for being undemocratic by definition , since through it the president is elected indirectly rather than a direct system of election .
president wilson saw in the incident an opportunity to put pressure on a government he felt was undemocratic .
kikuchi also called for a " agriculture revitalization " and critizised what he called " undemocratic policies " of the incumbent mayor .
the ndp campaign also experienced controversy after layton suggested the removal of the clarity act , considered by some to be vital to keeping quebec in canada and by others as undemocratic , and promised to recognize any declaration of independence by quebec after a referendum .
bhumibol , in a speech on 26 april 2006 , responded , " asking for a royally - appointed prime minister is undemocratic .
in some of its aspects , " vergangenheitsbewältigung " can be compared to the attempts of other democratic countries to raise consciousness of earlier undemocratic historical eras , such as the south african process of " truth and reconciliation " , or the czechoslovakian or polish " lustration " .
many states have failed to develop their economies despite enviable natural resources , and political instability is often accompanied by undemocratic government .
some african members had spoken out against what they saw as the ' undemocratic ' suspension of zimbabwe , but were criticised for not respecting the principle of consensus , under which dissenting voices to an issue that had already been decided and voting on are usually only heard privately .
after meeting with some opposition parties , the british mps stated that the ethiopian government should stand firmly against those who try to use " undemocratic and unconstitutional means " to change government .
selwyn appealed against the sedition conviction , calling the decision " dangerous and undemocratic " and having serious implications for freedom of speech .
in 1871 he was elected a second time , much to the dismay of his opponents within the liberal party , who considered reelection to be somewhat undemocratic .
enacted in 1959 after revelations of corruption and undemocratic practices in the international brotherhood of teamsters , international longshoremen 's association , united mine workers and other unions received wide public attention , the act requires unions to hold secret elections for local union offices on a regular basis and provides for review by the united states department of labor of union members ' claims of improper election activity .
it resembles trotskyism in its opposition to the totalitarianism of stalinist government while simultaneously avoiding the reformist politics of modern social democracy , but differs from trotskyism in arguing that lenin and trotsky also made undemocratic errors .
some criticized this , arguing that the nomination process should be open to other candidates ; mpombo , the defense minister , resigned from his post in july 2009 while criticizing the process as undemocratic .
thus , the media reports on an ' election campaign ' when only 800 individuals are allowed to vote , or refers to tsang , beijing 's choice , as a " candidate " when the possibility of his failing is a non - starter . the euphemism , ' small - circle election ' is also repeatedly employed to refer to what in reality is a thoroughly undemocratic process . "
however , hindu politicians repeatedly tried to eliminate reserved seats as they considered them to be undemocratic and to hinder the development of a shared hindu - muslim indian national feeling .
many states have failed to develop their economies despite enviable natural resources , and political instability is often accompanied by undemocratic government .
therefore , in practice , the assemblies were so unrepresentative as to be undemocratic .
the protesters did not recognize the results of the election , deeming them undemocratic , and asked for the exclusion from the political life of the former high - ranking communist party members .
the cited reasons for the departure were internal disputes within the party , or as gašparovič puts it , a " protest against the undemocratic way the party is led by vladimír mečiar . "
in connection with that work he cooperated closely with the cia , feeding information about communist labor - union activities to james jesus angleton , the cia 's counterintelligence chief , in order to undermine communist and other undemocratic influence in the international union movement and provide intelligence to the us government .
the social radical democrats ran on a programme of hostility to the social democrats , loudly accusing it of undemocratic practices , and received 21.2% of the vote and five seats in the parish council .
on 8 october 1966 , he led an illegal protest march of 30 supporters to parliament house and handed a letter to the clerk of the house demanding a general election be held under eight named conditions , with the release of all political detainees and the revocation of all " undemocratic " laws .
on september 30 , 2007 , another director , ali özgentürk , in support of ünal , accused the festival as being undemocratic and that golden orange " has been using turkish cinema as an extra for the last few years .
trotsky argued that the soviet state had become a " degenerated workers ' state " controlled by an undemocratic bureaucracy , which would eventually either be overthrown via a political revolution establishing workers ' democracy , or degenerate into a capitalist class .
the common elements within the no campaign were the view that the model proposed was undemocratic and would lead to a " politician 's republic , " playing to a general distrust of politicians . "
3 . partition is based on the undemocratic assumption that quebec is not divisible as long as it is voting " no " to secession , but that it is divisible as soon as it votes " yes . " in 1997 , future parti québécois leader bernard landry expressed this point of view when he wrote ,
the new york times also criticized the coup , noting that " with the coup , thailand became one more southeast asian nation that has reinterpreted democracy in undemocratic terms , either manipulating or sidestepping constitutional processes to achieve political ends ...
some critics have argued that a central paradox at the heart of the american political system is democracy 's reliance on the what the critics view as undemocratic bureaucratic institutions that characterize the administrative agencies of government .
opponents have claimed that the approval process was undemocratic and dishonest .
after a trip to australia in 1931 , george norris campaigned for reform , arguing that the bicameral system was based on the inherently undemocratic british house of lords , and that it was pointless to have two bodies of people doing the same thing and hence wasting money .
the war goals were achieved — and further federal military interference was an undemocratic violation of historic republican values .
they criticized the world bank for being undemocratic and becoming too powerful , at the cost of the united nations .
the australian state of queensland had a legislative council before abolishing it in 1922 ; at this time members of the legislative council ( the formal name of the state parliament ) were not elected by the citizenry and so the council was found to be undemocratic and thus unconstitutional .
these mobilizations have taken a more critical line towards both economic globalization ( which they reject entirely ) and the g8 itself , which they generally regard as illegitimate and undemocratic .
in it , he argues against " interpretivism " of which hugo black was an exponent , " originalism " advanced by robert bork , and " textualism " advanced by antonin scalia , by contending that " strict construction " fails to do justice to the open texture of many of the constitution 's provisions ; at the same time , though , he maintains that the notion that judges may infer broad moral rights and values from the constitution is radically undemocratic whether the " moralism " of ronald dworkin or the libertarian richard epstein .
in general , on issues pertaining to national sovereignty , the hankyoreh 's editorial stance can be seen as one issuing aggressive criticism on a government 's undemocratic attitude or united states unilateral policy towards korea , the korean peninsula or elsewhere .
pavía , who was a unitarian republican , offered to allow emilio castelar to continue in the presidency , but he refused , not wanting to maintain power through undemocratic means .
in order to join the chinese revolutionary party , members must take an oath of personal loyalty to sun , which many old revolutionaries regarded as undemocratic and contrary to the spirit of the revolution .
it was his way of protesting against the undemocratic process .
the 19th century manx democracy activists robert fargher and james brown both spent time in the castle rushen gaol as punishment for attacking the house of keys as an undemocratic institution and demanding public elections in the isle of man .
because of this it is seen as fundamentally undemocratic , existing or operating in a way that facilitates economic exploitation .
furthermore , both states continue to maintain their civil procedure laws in the form of codified statutes enacted by the state legislature , as opposed to court rules promulgated by the state supreme court , on the ground that the latter are undemocratic .
even so , the proposed amendment remains hotly debated and controversial in algerian political circles , with many in opposition groups describing it as an undemocratic attempt to further strengthen bouteflika 's personal rule .
he has also argued that the bush administration " has put the united states on the side of undemocratic iraqis who are iran 's allies " .
in 2001 , he was re - elected as president in elections described as undemocratic by western observers .
both populations were " undemocratic " , or without the qualities , intellectual and otherwise , needed to live in a democracy .
in 2005 over 50 reforms were approved , which eliminated some of the remaining undemocratic areas of the text , such as the existence of non - elected senators ( appointed senators , or senators for life ) and the inability of the president to remove the commander in chief of the armed forces .
according to the osce , the elections were undemocratic and the work of international observers was seriously hindered as the observers were refused access to the facilities where the votes were counted .
in a modern context it can be used to denote undemocratic practices and the use of violence in political life ; it has been often used in the context of south - eastern european ( balkan ) politics .
in like wise , illiberal and undemocratic sentiments are evinced by a statement issued by the office of israeli defense minister ehud barak ; according to that statement , the defense minister rules that rabbi melamed 's actions and remarks undermine the foundations of israeli democracy and have encouraged and incited some of his students to insubordination , protests and harming the idf 's spirit , and there is no room for this in a normal country .
the party 's origins lie in a non - governmental organization that bent itself on enlightening the people woven by the , as they refer to it , " undemocratic regime of the democratic party of socialists " that rules in montenegro , and ended up as a pro - european democratic political party whose main goal is to dethrone milo đukanović and defeat dps .
the paper also supported internment without trial in northern ireland : " internment without trial is hateful , repressive and undemocratic .
the fdf objected to a fixed representation of the language groups in the agencies , considering this to be undemocratic .
the failed revolution of 1905 , by which the ucr sought to bring about reforms to the undemocratic electoral system , led to the appointment of a conservative congressman , retired col .
the movement recommended rejecting the european constitution as they considered it to be undemocratic and to introduce too much central control .
the architects were responsible for the construction phase of the thomas jefferson memorial beginning in 1939 , two years after the death of its original architect , john russell pope , despite protests that their appointment had been undemocratic and therefore " un - jeffersonian . "
the sleeper awakes " ( 1899 , 1910 ) predicted the spirit of the 20th century , technically advanced , undemocratic and bloody .
sayegh had revolted against fahd 's leadership in the iraqi communist party , accusing him of adventurism and undemocratic practices .
keane ’s book shows as well that ideas of democratic governance have flourished in many different places and , ironically , were often sparked by undemocratic ideas and actions .
the first continental congress in late 1774 sent letters to montreal denouncing the quebec act for being undemocratic and for promoting catholicism by allowing catholics to hold civil service positions , and reinstating the tithe .
the national revenue minister jean - pierre blackburn said " it 's a kind of coup d'etat , " while environment minister jim prentice declared the coalition to be " irresponsible and it is undemocratic . "
it has also been critical of the united nations as an undemocratic body without moral authority .
critics of the cordon sanitaire claim that it is also undemocratic .
the united kingdom unionist party 's leader robert mccartney is reported to have rejected the power - sharing arrangements of the new agreement as undemocratic .
diem had not been elected to his post , so he saw the referendum as an opportunity to rebuff opponents , who claimed that he was undemocratic and autocratic .
service criticized the nationalist government as " fascist , " " undemocratic , " and " feudal , " .
people 's politics is opposed to party politics or politicians ' politics ( as well as to top down undemocratic forms of ngo politics ) and it is argued that the former is a popular democratic project undertaken without financial reward and with an explicit refusal of representative roles and personal power while the latter is a top down , professionalised representative project driven by personal power .
