it was dissemination of spiritual knowledge through his literature , and service of the underprivileged .
volunteers served in communities throughout the u.s. , focusing on enriching educational programs and vocational training for the nation 's underprivileged classes .
in 2009 maybin founded project mayhem , a charitable organization established to “ provide aid , both personal and economic , to help underprivileged and at risk youth excel beyond their current conditions . ”
at the community level , it meant the realization of the educational aspirations of many underprivileged and backward community children and illiterate adult women .
ve global is a non - profit international volunteer organization which works to bring social support and new opportunities to underprivileged children in santiago , chile .
i want to be able to use my triathlon result to help develop social programs for underprivileged kids in south east asia .
the film flashes back and forth between the 1970s and 1980s and centers on the relationship between fielding pierce , a young coast guard officer with political ambitions , and radical and idealistic roman catholic sarah williams , who is drawn to programs designed to better the lives of the underprivileged and has mixed feelings about his career goals .
boys & girls clubs of canada is a national youth organization of associated clubs throughout canada , primarily serving underprivileged youth in communities throughout the country .
many of these schools are in urban slums , where over 7,000 underprivileged children gain access to education .
the 30 hour famine is an annual schoolwide event that raises thousands of dollars every year for famished and underprivileged children overseas .
" i have dedicated this movie to all the underprivileged children of this world .
it created lessons for adults who are underprivileged , and it created a musical program for children .
joyce devotes time to numerous charities including the tim horton children 's foundation , which he founded , that sends underprivileged kids to camp each year .
he was , throughout his life , a firm believer in the value of education , seeing it as the way up the ladder for his underprivileged rural constituency in southern lebanon .
the school was originally established for impoverished , healthy , caucasian , male orphans , while today it serves underprivileged students of various backgrounds .
upward bound math science ( ubms ) is an american program for high school students who are underprivileged or are the first person in their family to attend college .
haz sponsors underprivileged and street - children in order to allow them to participate in the games .
in addition there are a few seats for the students coming from underprivileged communities .
the toys for tots program is also well known for its charity to underprivileged children .
the pair finally meet their chosen surrogate marci in nevada , an underprivileged caucasian woman expecting a half african - american son .
she recently announced a new education after - school program call " orchkids " , in which underprivileged children from baltimore will receive free music instruction , based on venezuela 's el sistema program .
capitaland hope foundation'"(嘉德希望基金 ) , the philanthropic arm of capitaland was established in november 2005 to further capitaland ’s corporate social responsibility commitment to building a better future for underprivileged children .
she worked as a secondary school teacher , mostly in underprivileged areas for the next twenty years .
he soon began to focus his attention on teaching the underprivileged children and thus set up an orphanage - cum - school for destitute anglo indian children on tirpai hill .
by the late 1930s their occasional all - steel bands were seen at carnival and by 1940 it had become the preferred carnival accompaniment of young underprivileged men .
ucc hosts the fundraising youth 4 youth concert , which also features bands and performers from underprivileged areas of toronto .
the main goal of this program is to bring an initiation to the french language and francophone world to underprivileged elementary dc public schools ( dcps . )
the facility offers education and marine conservation programs to local schools and underprivileged children .
in addition , childer 's runs a non - profit organization called " likwid joy " , dedicated to providing music and songwriting as a healing element to underprivileged youth .
since its inception in 1988 , the edmund rice foundation has supported the education of over 100 students as well as providing much needed assistance to the poor and underprivileged .
the lorena ochoa foundation operates la barranca , a primary school in guadalajara with 250 underprivileged students and an innovative curriculum .
cry america works to ensure these rights to all underprivileged children , who could be street children , children bonded in labor , children of commercial sex workers , physically and mentally challenged children , or children in juvenile institutions .
in 2001 , marie lenotre , with a group of philanthropist socialites of houston , created the culinary endowment & scholarship , a texas non - for - profit organization that raises scholarship funds for underprivileged students who aspire to a culinary career .
he worked as one of derry 's best - known solicitors and often represented the poor and underprivileged .
despite the many opportunities of earning big as a doctor , leo chose to answer god 's call to bring the good news and fullness of life to the deprived , underserved and underprivileged .
ecom - lac was tasked with provisioning broadband connectivity for the underprivileged schools that lacked resources .
they were set up as gratis institutions and offered to care for the infants , which made them attractive to underprivileged women , including prostitutes .
while it is commonly known as a charity for street children , the homeless and the underprivileged , its founder , father silva , claims his real motivations were to create an educational community where children would be the new citizens of a world based in christian principles .
also like berkowitz , wolsey 's social activism transcended religious and geographical bounderies ; he established the mount vernon center for underprivileged children in the neighborhood surrounding the congregation 's mount vernon street edifice and created the well baby clinic to teach young mothers homemaking and preventive medical care .
he and his wife mandakini also run a school and a hospital at hemalkasa village in the underprivileged district of gadchiroli in maharashtra where people belonging to the " madia gond " tribe live .
t - lac serves to aid in the tsunami recovery effort in thailand by sponsoring all legal costs and providing pro bono representation and counseling for underprivileged survivors of the december 2004 tsunami disaster .
the international headquarters of operation smile , a nonprofit organization that specializes in repairing facial deformities in underprivileged children from around the globe is based in the city .
the proceeds went to the city of joy aid charity to aid underprivileged children in india .
the series premiered on march 20 , 2010 starring manilyn reynes , carmina villaroel and michael v. as the title role whose " simple and underprivileged life significantly changes when he becomes the lone winner of p700 million in the national lottery " .
on december 22 , 2007 , arrington previewed the restaurant for 1,000 underprivileged children , who were treated to a holiday meal and donated toys .
in the 1960 's , the ql instituted 2 programs : " operation head start , " which helped to introduce children to books , and " library - go - round , " a bus which would travel to children in underprivileged areas .
the calorx foundation is involved in social projects for underprivileged and dyslexic children .
the education of the young with a preferential option for the poor , the marginalized or the underprivileged in the slum / interior rural areas .
proceeds from chico 's 2010 single " it 's england time " will go to the rainbow child foundation to help underprivileged children in africa .
government employees that advocated a public responsibility to assist the poor and underprivileged with material aid and necessary services .
he started the " rene bourque hockey fund " with the goal of providing hockey equipment to underprivileged kids , and has appeared as a spokesman for native americans in sport at youth symposiums .
carter opens his clinic for the underprivileged , with peter benton ( eriq la salle ) and his son reese ( matthew watkins ) , kerry weaver ( laura innes ) and susan lewis ( sherry stringfield ) among the guests .
for the band 's donations related to this album 's sales proceeds , thrice chose novelist dave eggers 's charity 826 valencia , a tutorial program for underprivileged children , which promotes literacy and aids teens develop creative writing skills .
opposite this is the don bosco shelter which is a centre for the rehabilitation and education of underprivileged children .
the song is a charity single and was released to raise funds for akon 's charity ' konfidence ' to aid underprivileged children in africa .
these exercises generally take place in rural , underprivileged areas .
the purpose of the gsu is to provide money for underprivileged graduate students to travel to educational leadership conferences throughout the country , and to have speakers talk at the saint peter 's lecture hall , pope hall .
kaiizen ( aka kaiizen foundation ) is a non - profit organization that serves underprivileged children ( mostly orphans ) through a workforce of college - aged american volunteers .
he attempted to expand his activities in 1842 , by creating an institute in saí , santa catarina ( " instituto homeopático de saí " ) training locals in homeopathy , which he saw as a weapon in combatting the endemic diseases within underprivileged communities - especially the afro - brazilian one .
he was one of the founders of the ngo open constitution initiative and an active rights lawyer in china who helped those underprivileged .
seva bharati has numerous hostels for the economically underprivileged children across the country , especially the tribal and the rural poor .
the so - called underprivileged gained self - respect and self - confidence , paving way for a quantum leap forward .
founded in 1995 , chill has provided over 12,000 underprivileged kids the opportunity to learn to snowboard .
erin finally earns michael 's respect in " scott 's tots " when she points out the benefit of the promise michael could n't fulfill to a group of underprivileged high school students .
the organisation is community - based and involves the provision of low - cost structured activities to children and adults , aimed specifically at the underprivileged persons in the community .
he was elected and served as president of the montana trial lawyers association where he began a program to provide hundreds of bicycle helmets each year to underprivileged montana school children .
his zeal for helping the underprivileged is commendable .
brown is partners with a charity called dress for success where she gives underprivileged women attractive clothes to wear to job interviews .
anugrah narayan sinha , brajkishore prasad , mulana mazharul haque , jayaprakash narayan , thakur jugal kishore sinha , ram dulari sinha , satyendra narayan sinha , basawon singh , rameshwar prasad sinha , yogendra shukla , baikuntha shukla , sheel bhadra yajee , pandit yamuna karjee and many others who worked for india 's freedom relentlessly and helped in the upliftment of the underprivileged masses .
the conference is expected to motivate the underprivileged and marginalized sections like dalits , backward classes and minority communities to work for human rights and social justice .
he also serves as a mentor to underprivileged youths in the big brothers of america .
tamassee is home to the tamassee dar school ; a school founded in 1919 by the daughters of the american revolution to serve the underprivileged children of appalachia .
the school also runs a program for educating underprivileged children in the evenings .
count and countess von bose provided substantial funding for the education of underprivileged and neglected children in kassel , louise’ childhood home , and established the children 's hospital of brabant ( destroyed in 1943 ) , which cared for hessian teachers , widows and orphans .
more than 150 wesleyan students from this program tutor and mentor underprivileged pupils from columbus .
ray was the oldest of several children born to an underprivileged family .
the camp was established to serve the needs of underprivileged jewish boys .
• siam - care reaches out to underprivileged families , those living with hiv / aids , and people affected by the tsunami to improve their quality of life .
he also wrote social and political satires aimed at socio - economic inequalities and exploitation of the underprivileged .
mr. wang is a very respected businessman and eminent philanthropic figure in both china and the u.s. mr. wang is a main donor of the huntington library in pasadena , ca and involved in numerous charitable activities helping the handicapped and underprivileged .
spurred by this , she started taking to the streets to understand the plight of the underprivileged .
in 1974 he founded enonchong memorial college , besongabang , a secondary commercial college , aimed at the education of underprivileged children .
on july 5 , 2004 , jericho was awarded the order of the buffalo hunt in a ceremony held in manitoba for his achievements in wrestling and his commitment to working with underprivileged children .
the social worker worked with groups of children with an underprivileged social background and organized summer camping for them .
as a college composed of various disciplines , including a division of professional education and a laboratory high school designed to train underprivileged youth especially from rural areas , the cas takes the lead in strengthening programs related to science and technology , professional competence , and values clarification , inculcating in the student a better understanding of himself / herself as a filipino , with a deep sense of nationalism and pride in the cultural heritage .
pro - tv ( professional youth media training ) is a program designed to train students from new york city 's underprivileged communities in media arts , using state - of - the - art equipment .
akshaya patra is the name of a non - governmental organization in india which supplies school meals to underprivileged school children .
when it came to her turn to take up the pen , she built herself a role as a discreet , usually anonymous , voice for the underprivileged and under - educated .
the international headquarters of operation smile , a nonprofit organization that specializes in repairing facial deformities in underprivileged children from around the globe , is also based in the city .
in 1939 , the episcopal diocese of south carolina rented land on seabrook to establish a summer camp for underprivileged children .
the books in homes scheme , co - founded in 1995 by duff and christine fernyhough , with commercial sponsorship and government support , aims to alleviate poverty and illiteracy by providing low - cost books to underprivileged children , thus encouraging them to read .
a group of chiefs fans in kansas city formed the " 37forever foundation , " which works with the american red cross to provide swimming lessons for underprivileged children .
the team 's history goes back to when ian ainslie taught sailing skills to underprivileged youngsters in the navy village of simon 's town and captain salvatore sarno asked them to crew his durban yacht .
the couple created " the adrian and betsy gonzalez foundation " , which is focused on empowering underprivileged youth in areas of athletics , education and health .
there is the second theory , which has the mycenaean civilization falling in the course of internal societal conflicts brought on by a rejection of the palatial system by the most underprivileged strata of society , who were impoverished at the end of the late helladic .
the high school is an experimental laboratory for innovative teaching strategies designed to provide academic training for underprivileged students in order to better prepare them for access to tertiary education in the university of the philippines .
the pittsburgh harlequins rugby football association was created in 1995 to support the club , its facilities , and rugby youth outreach programs targeting underprivileged youth .
he had a special love for the poor and underprivileged , and so in 1817 he founded the little brothers of mary , later to become known as the institute of the marist brothers of schools .
the commission 's report mobilized a segment of the indian population know as " other backward classes " ( obcs ) and initiated a fierce debate on the policy of " reservations " ( i.e. affirmative action ) for underrepresented and underprivileged groups in the indian polity .
scott also became involved in real estate and rental properties , as well as his involvement in numerous charitable events , specifically his assistance in establishing the eblen foundation in asheville , north carolina , which helps underprivileged families .
he is friends with golf icon gary player and regularly plays in the gary player invitational charity golf series to help raise funds for underprivileged children .
4,000 was spent on poor widows and orphans every year and rest on running and maintaining two alms houses for the poor and underprivileged .
imran has maintained a keen interest in the charitable sector , which has led to the creation of a network of hospitals and universities in the indian sub - continent , education development in china , and a series of uk - based community projects which have been designed to target underprivileged sectors of society , with particular interest in young people , the elderly , orphanages and women 's centre support in tanzania and ghana .
in early 2002 , microsoft proposed to settle the private lawsuits by donating $ 1 billion usd in money , software , services , and training , including windows licenses and refurbished pcs , to about 12,500 underprivileged public schools .
kurylenko is a philanthropist noted for her work for the underprivileged , focusing on children in her native ukraine .
the ttk group social contributions include several charitable and social organizations , such as the ttk voluntary blood bank , the t.t. ranganathan clinical research foundation , a hospital for alcohol & drug addiction , ttk schools for the underprivileged and a strong association with the chennai ( madras ) music academy .
with retired judge jack mandel and the episcopal diocese of california as his partners , nicholas announced that his education foundation will open , " academic centers , " in orange- and los angeles counties , to provide a safe and nurturing school environment to help high - potential , underprivileged students realize their educational goals .
his most famous work was " record of conern for the underprivileged " which lays down the cardinal principles of reform ideas .
camp excel , founded in 1996 with childhood friend , psychologist , dr. gary altheim , is a week - long overnight camp for underprivileged children struggling with learning disabilities .
anugrah narayan sinha , brajkishore prasad , mulana mazharul haque , jayaprakash narayan , satyendra narayan sinha , basawon singh , rameshwar prasad sinha , yogendra shukla , baikuntha shukla , sheel bhadra yajee , pandit yamuna karjee and many others who worked for india 's freedom relentlessly and helped in the upliftment of the underprivileged masses .
these programs get the students involved in teaching other students from underprivileged schools skills such as computer literacy and chess .
irion has donated 1,000 children ’s dictionaries annually to local underprivileged children .
currently dr. camara is a member of afeed ( assistance aux femmes et aux enfants desherites/ assistance to underprivileged women and children ) in guinea .
the fred hollows foundation was launched as an australian charitable foundation in sydney on 3 september 1992 to continue the work of fred hollows in providing eye care for the underprivileged and poor , and to improve the health of indigenous australians .
coming from an underprivileged family his desire to attend college was fueled by his aspirations of receiving a scholarship for his athletic abilities .
vos is an ambassador for youth united for sri lanka ( yu4sl ) , set up by young people to help underprivileged people in sri lanka .
ja rule founded the l.i.f.e foundation , which opens its doors to underprivileged children through various programs such as art , music , poetry and sports .
the product sells for $ 37.95 , although hundreds are given away free to underprivileged children .
versus 94,000 for nearest rival vivek pandit of the shiv sena who also leads an ngo for tribal and underprivileged groups " shramjeevi sanghatana " .
or more specifically the " objects of the charity are to provide assistance to underprivileged children in russia through : the provision of recreational facilities , designed to improve their conditions of life ; providing financial assistance to help with the medical care of such children ; making distributions to charitable entities that further the afore - mentioned objects . "
in mumbai she is a member of voluntary organisation of reconstructive and plastic surgeon reconstructive foundation , which offer free plastic and reconstructive surgery to primarily children and people from economically underprivileged section of our society .
lyrically , too , the album differed from earlier rpm efforts and more traditional worship music ; harvie 's experiences of peer pressure soon after his conversion to christianity inspired " now or never " , whilst the church 's work with underprivileged youths set the backdrop for lee 's " why we live " .
the sara has introduced rugby training and coaching accredited by the irb , as well as a youth development scheme , and schemes to help underprivileged youth through the sport .
we also tutor underprivileged children and conduct workshops for them at the garden school , colaba .
books for brazil – fairy godmother is a non - profit organization dedicated to helping underprivileged children from brazil have access to books .
seva bharati has large number of centers that provide vocational training to economically underprivileged women .
the school is a non - denominational private high school with a mission to serve underprivileged and struggling students .
he gives after school tuitions to the underprivileged in new delhi .
the jimmy raye youth foundation was started by coach jimmy raye ii with his late friend ronald " chase " chalmers as a means of benefiting underprivileged children in the cumberland county area of north carolina .
the strives to enhance the quality of it education for underprivileged youth through technological grants and teacher training .
she is also a member of a young researchers group at the van leer institute in jerusalem , and a member of the international women commission , ( iwc ) which brings together palestinian , israeli , and women of a variety of nationalities , in an effort to engender a just and sustainable peace , and a board member of ahoti movement which promotes the rights of underprivileged women within the israeli society .
as the student in - charge of national service scheme in college , he set - up and led a small team of volunteers who would devote two hours in the evening during the weekend teaching underprivileged children at the delhi university ridge .
muhammad denounced aristocratic privileges and attitudes and called for a new order based on respect for human dignity and compassion for the underprivileged including orphans , wayfarers and the needy .
cultural exchange programs , funded by the u.s. department of state , which bring academically gifted and motivated high school students from underprivileged communities in latin america to the u.s. participants interact with local youth and families , learn about society and institutions , share their own culture and prepare for a lifetime of leadership and service .
the thousand smiles foundation is a non - profit 501(c)(3 ) californian corporation dedicated to providing free maxillo - facial surgeries and dental work to underprivileged children in mexico who suffer from facial deformities such as cleft lip and cleft palate cleft lip and palate .
their “ sparrow projects ” have placed god ’s word in the hands of many underprivileged adults and children ( at no charge ) in orphanages , prisons , and homeless missions .
espada was known to travel from houston to guatemala on a monthly basis , to treat underprivileged patients requiring special cardiothoracic procedures .
educational enrichment for romanian children , inc. ( eerc ) is a non - profit 501.3(c ) organization , located in sudbury , massachusetts ( usa ) , with the stated aim of " create the opportunity for academically proficient , underprivileged romanian teenager ( 12 - 15 ) children to attend summer schools in the boston area . "
also this centre is unique in organising such socially relevant activities as regular visits for specially abled children , sensorimotor development skill workshops for autistic children and those with cerebral palsy , breast cancer awareness and early detection for destitute women , life skill development for underprivileged children
dravidar kazhagam " was one force which ploughed upside down the traditional hindu and indian attitudes for the betterment of the underprivileged .
one of the organization 's programs is an intercultural exchange between underprivileged youths from los angeles and south africa .
high schoolers are sent on outreaches to interact with kids in various underprivileged areas .
a criticism could be leveled that the movement , with its upper - class roots , lacks compassion for the plight of the underprivileged .
she helped create the " music carry - out " , teaching music and making musical instruments that were made available to the underprivileged .
he also continues to help the underprivileged children through various charities and has been a vocal activist for drug addictions and aids .
chantal compaore has made some donations in order to help underprivileged women .
under the op sisters , the high school night session was opened in 1982 to cater to the underprivileged out - of - school youth and working students .
examples of these include walking for multiple medical causes , gathering food and supplies for u.s. troops , coordinating local reading programs , fundraising so underprivileged women can attend college , providing shoes to needy children , and assisting habitat for humanity .
in 1998 , winfrey began oprah 's angel network , a charity aimed at encouraging people around the world to make a difference in the lives of underprivileged others .
sponsored by the yusef - khan grotto , all mentally challenged , handicapped , and underprivileged children were admitted free .
she became known for her strong antipathy toward colonialism and corruption , as well as for her relentless work for the underprivileged .
the 43 hoops foundation solicits tax deductible corporate and individual gifts to provide opportunities for these underprivileged children .
the henry street settlement is a social services and arts programming organization for underprivileged new yorkers that was founded by pioneering social worker lillian wald .
according to the organization , its mission is " to contribute to the education and health of underprivileged children in rural areas of northern thailand .
the site was converted to a catholic school devoted to the care and training of orphaned , dependent , and underprivileged girls .
provided free legal assistance to the underprivileged .
in 2007 and 2008 , kippax uniting community centre hosted " chef 's challenge " , whereby several chefs from act restaurants design weekly menus based on the funds available for food for various categories of underprivileged groups in the australian society .
igorina renford - a young , underprivileged olympic hopeful who is a survivor from an unnamed war zone in europe .
the patients welfare association ' " , abbreviated as pwa , is a non - government , charity non - governmental organization within civil hospital , karachi run by the students of dow medical college , which works for the medical aid of underprivileged patients by providing a number of services free of charge .
art for all also organizes art exhibitions , workshops , hosts the international art education model group as well as conducting research and publishing an annual that incorporates leading research papers related to art , education and the underprivileged .
the so - called underprivileged gained self - respect and self - confidence , paving way for a quantum leap forward .
located in south los angeles , it has a culturally and religiously diverse staff serving an equally diverse , though underprivileged population .
he was widely known as a hard - drinking lawyer with a sharp wit and a skill for defending the underprivileged class of society .
thus , jared devotes his money to the aides for everyone foundation , dedicated to providing aides to everyone , including personally giving aides to every underprivileged child in the world .
he is best known as founder and ceo of the player group and black knight international , founded in 1980 to provide luxury goods and services to the golf industry , and as a philanthropist through the establishement of the player foundation , a non - profit dedicated to underprivileged children and impoverished communities worldwide .
sigma lambda upsilon has a passion for leading and developing underprivileged communities through the sorority 's goals of academic excellence , leadership , sisterhood , cultural enrichment , and service to the community and campus .
barnard divided the remainder of his years between austria , where he established the christiaan barnard foundation , dedicated to helping underprivileged children throughout the world , and his game - farm in beaufort west , south africa .
in mid-2006 , simpson gave an interview to " marie claire " magazine , in which she was said to have " had it with hollywood 's twisted view of feminine beauty " and was photographed painting a pro - female mural with a group of underprivileged girls from los angeles 's green dot public school .
well - known ones include hotel sheraton ( formerly hotel intercontinental , the second five - star hotel in dhaka ) ; the dhaka club , the oldest and largest club in dhaka , established in 1911 ; the national tennis complex ; shishu park , the oldest children 's entertainment park in dhaka , notable for admitting underprivileged children " gratis " on weekends ; " sakura " , the first bar in dhaka ; and " peacock " , the first dhaka bar with outdoor seating .
in 2006 , along with hockey hall of fame player mike bossy , he established “ bossy ’s bunch , ” a program which sends more than 50 underprivileged and challenged children to every new york islanders home game .
the adopt a family & youth scheme ( afys ) is an all - encompassing scheme that represents a family - based approach in providing assistance to underprivileged families .
wuerffel helped run desire street ministries , a faith - based organization for underprivileged kids in new orleans .
through these projects seva bharti aims at making the underprivileged sections of the society self - reliant in all aspects of their lives .
help us reach out to the underprivileged through our module ‘
his father is a japanese government official , and his mother is a nurse and occasionally travels south asia such as myanmar to help underprivileged individual and family .
an important step for garouste was the founding in 1991 of the association the source , which sets itself the task of helping culturally underprivileged young people to achieve personal development through artistic expression .
it cemented mgr 's onscreen image as a champion of the underprivileged and hinted at his political ambitions .
the western suburbs of sydney are " traditionally regarded as real people , working - class , underprivileged and crime - ridden , " and have substantial immigrant communities .
the program provides monthly reading activities and career advice to underprivileged children in the city of tampa .
newsong has always had a heart for abandoned and underprivileged children .
since his retirement from the game , noah has remained in the public eye as a popular music performer and as the co - founder , with his mother , of a charity organization for underprivileged children .
she was also a member of the johns hopkins university zanvyl krieger school of arts and sciences advisory council and founder of the jochebed scholarship , which supports an undergraduate student in the school of arts and sciences with a demonstrated career interest in improving the health and medical care of underprivileged mothers and children .
when rita bahr cari passed in 2003 , mr. cari created a living memorial in her honor that underscores her compassion for the underprivileged , particularly in the central and south american region where she spent a considerable amount of time as a child .
in september 2007 , he held an auction that raised 965,000 u.s. dollars ( 6.75 million yuan ) , and competed in a charity basketball match to raise money for underprivileged children in china .
coleman dedicated many years to bringing scouting to underprivileged youth .
alhijrah adopts a single platform approach in efforts to assist the underprivileged .
scotland 's senior anglican bishop idris jones also had a positive view of the new pope and stated " i offer the warmest of welcomes to the new pope … under his leadership the church will continue to work for the poor and underprivileged in the world . "
“ in the selection of persons [ for the senate ] , particular regard shall be had to the knowledge , expertise or experience beneficial to the performance of duties of senators , and regard shall also be had to factors in relation to persons with varying knowledge and capability in varying fields , sexual opportunities and equality , a close proportion of persons in each sector … , and the provision of opportunities to the socially underprivileged persons ”
it strengthened the anti - war movement all over america as people decried discrimination by the draft system " against low - education , low - income , underprivileged members of society "
having lived closely with destitute people , knowing the impoverished widowhood of his mother , and experiencing his own status as an orphan , muhammad gained empathy of the underprivileged and needy .
the party was launched on february 10 , 2010 to support the " underprivileged majority " its founding president is wale feratelia .
youth renewal fund ( yrf ) is a non - profit organization that provides supplemental education to underprivileged children in israel .
rising above traditional charity and welfare approaches , pbsp promotes the philosophy of efficiency , self - help and participation in improving the quality of life of the underprivileged .
in 2000 , he established in 2000 s life ( landmark international foundation of empowerment ) , to support underprivileged children in india , through school and healthcare development programmes , homes for destitute children , vocational and non - formal schools , community clinics and medical camps for slum - dwellers and an old age home chennai .
michael ( steve carell ) is forced to face the music after he realizes he ca n't keep a promise he made to a group of underprivileged kids 10 years ago , that he would pay for their college tuition provided they graduated from high school .
in 1997 she founded and later collaborated with active child aid to help the underprivileged children of russia .
to effectively implement this program , the social housing finance corporation ( shfc ) , which maintains its headquarters in the philippine financial district of makati city , began enlisting the support of accredited originators to help facilitate the program by educating community associations , whose members are underprivileged sector of the philippine society .
shamiana aims to promote and catalyse universal education among underprivileged children , create the process to embrace these children into mainstream in a sustained manner , facilitate them to emerge as productive assets , and set the foundation for nation building .
she argued that the public schools should offer social service programs for underprivileged children and that they should serve as community centers .
the juan s. alano memorial hospital , inc. was established way back 1953 by its founder , first assemblyman of zamboanga province to the national assembly of the philippine commonwealth ( 1936 - 1941 ) , and congressman of the same at the 1st philippine congress ( 1946 - 1949 ) , don juan s. alano after recognizing the fact that the province was in need of a healthcare institution which caters to the underprivileged people of the community .
in august 2008 , waters introduced hr 6796 , or the " stop very unscrupulous loan transfers from underprivileged countries from rich exploitive funds act , " also known as the stop vulture funds act .
the honda dreams fund focuses on helping underprivileged youths by providing them with the opportunity to pursue higher education in malaysian colleges and universities .
under wittenberg 's leadership , the nyrr has helped develop new initiatives such as the world marathon majors series and several community programs that have introduced running to underprivileged children .
the place , which had become a ceramics factory , burned down on april 29 , 1961 from a fire started by the new owner — who was converting it into a " camp - type operation " for underprivileged children — burning trash in the fireplace .
de la hoya started a charitable foundation to help underprivileged youth to education .
resuming his blue - collar career after his marriage , voorhis moved to north carolina with his wife and went to work in a ford plant in charlotte until being offered work as a teacher in an illinois school for underprivileged boys , teaching three grades , coaching sports , and giving religious talks in the school 's chapel each morning .
he fought for commoners too , and was one of the founders of the nigerian union of teachers ( nut ) in the 1930s - a platform established to fight for the rights of the underprivileged poor teachers of the colonial era - and of the nigerian union of students ( nus ) .
latest events have included taking underprivileged children to an indians game ; monday morning coffee hours ; sunday brunches ; planting flowers at hooverwood ; and a wine tasting .
he dedicated this film for all the underprivileged children on this earth .
a prominent member of both the tampa showmen 's association , and the international independent showmen 's association , he was involved in their charitable activities and for many years played santa claus for the tampa clubs christmas party for underprivileged children .
champagnat , disillusioned with the encroaching culture of post - revolution secularism that gripped the areas of rural france where he worked , decided to start an order of consecrated brothers in the marian tradition , building schools for the underprivileged where they might learn to become " good christians and good citizens " .
these scouters serve underprivileged youth .
it was at this point that nazia decided to continue her music only to further the cause dearest to her heart - helping the underprivileged .
in communities across the world , individuals and groups plan holiday for hope events , from simple visits to homeless shelters to grand parties for underprivileged and homeless youth .
on april 2 , 1880 , while studying law , hall founded the good will club , a charity for underprivileged boys , particularly newspaper boys .
among other criteria , organizations must have no political ties and 50 percent of their beneficiaries must be economically underprivileged .
to prabhu 's despair , the true god is forced to lead an ordinary ( yet underprivileged ) life in the hostel .
her advocacy includes raising funds to provide decent housing for underprivileged communities in the philippines through gawad kalinga , women and children 's rights , and cancer research .
bihar 's contribution in the freedom struggle has been immense with outstanding leaders like swami sahajanand saraswati , shaheed baikuntha shukla , " bihar bibhuti " anugrah narayan sinha , mulana mazharul haque , " loknayak " jayaprakash narayan , satyendra narayan sinha ( singh ) , basawon singh ( sinha ) , yogendra shukla , sheel bhadra yajee , pandit yamuna karjee and many others who worked for india 's freedom relentlessly and helped in the upliftment of the underprivileged masses .
hyperghettoization , a concept invented by sociologists loic wacquant , william julius wilson , and willy aybar ( see further reading ) , is the extreme concentration of underprivileged groups in the inner cities .
since 2002 , daumas has actively embraced causes in favour of underprivileged or sick children when she became a sponsor of unicef .
the modern matriculation school was founded in 1979 by the cholvaram nagar welfare and cultural association , in the indian city of chennai ( madras ) , to provide primary education to children underprivileged sections of society .
he was an executive member and honorary vice president of the playgrounds association that brought recreation and social services to children in philadelphia 's underprivileged neighborhoods .
it works to restore basic rights to underprivileged children , especially from india .
wilson 's speeches and letters expressed the sentiments of a defender of the underprivileged .
this initiative has made computers accessible to underprivileged children studying in ngo schools .
therefore , the distinction applied to indigenous ethnic groups can be formulated as " a politically underprivileged group , who share a similar ethnic identity different to the nation in power , and who have been an ethnic entity in the locality before the present ruling nation took over power " .
his work with underprivileged children won him a naacp freedom award , the ellis island medal of honor for humanitarian efforts , as well as the aclu freedom of speech award , among many others .
founded in 1877 , the order was founded with a mission to serve the poor and underprivileged .
thus his underprivileged upbringing helped make him the feared commando that he became .
the projects have resulted in hambantota , one of the underprivileged districts in sri lanka , becoming the fastest developing region in the island .
his politics focused on gaining civil rights for the underprivileged and women ’s equality , and he also opposed the huge oil and other interests that had long dominated texas politics .
being an advocate for hiv / aids awareness the foundation was established as a channel for hiv / aids life skills education in underprivileged communities of zambia .
maa was founded in 2006 with the goal of giving underprivileged children the possibilty of a solid education which will provide them with a future of choices and opportunities .
rosales said that the backbone of his government program would be the social arena , saying it would be a " sound and well defined " program , including a " fair allocation of oil revenues by means of two axes – minimum wage for all unemployed and direct contribution to the underprivileged " .
in the spring of 2008 , as the republican and democratic parties were still trying to choose their presidential candidates , virginia businessman earl stafford felt compelled to do something special for local underprivileged americans during the presidential inauguration festivities of 2009 .
upon retiring after the sale of freshwater software , donna founded the leave a little room foundation , llc , a philanthropic organization that helps to provide housing , electricity , and vaccinations to poor and underprivileged communities around the world .
acknowledging the scholarship funds that enabled him to attend , kluge gave more than $ 110 million to columbia university between 1987 and 1993 , primarily to endow financial aid for undergraduates from underprivileged backgrounds .
at tottenham we do a lot with kids , a lot of them underprivileged .
today they omit the pillar of solidarity with the underprivileged , leaving them with the " three solidarities " : " solidarity with animals , nature and the ecological system " , " solidarity with future generations " , and " solidarity with all the world ’s people . "
in an interview , her coach brett sutton said : she has kicked around for years through south east asia , working for underprivileged people .
once agreed upon , independence was secured quickly and peacefully , with no concessions being made to the underprivileged groups in society . "
he supports ' enfants de la terre ' , a charity run by his mother , marie - claire , and founded ' fête le mur ' in 1996 , a tennis charity for underprivileged children , and was mentioned in association with this charity in the june 2008 french gcse listening paper in england .
she is has also spoken and toured worldwide for several international relief efforts in places like the philippines where she has founded and operates a school for the underprivileged children of mindanou and sponsoring orphanages in haiti and uganda .
in june 2008 , nancy participated in the big ball , a charity event in dubai which raised over dhs 940,000 for helping underprivileged children by auctioning one of her favourite dresses and encouraging children 's fund - raising events ; she announced , " the big ball is doing a wonderful thing and i 'm happy to support it .
he has dedicated his life to the establishment of " zindagi trust " , the non - for - profit charity helping the underprivileged children of pakistan .
gonella was born in a deprived area of east london , but took up cornet while attending an institution for underprivileged children , st mary 's guardian school in islington .
fgg 's mission is to improve the quality of life of the underprivileged by empowering them through scholarship grants , hunger alleviation and disaster relief projects .
in 2006 , the project to move the montreal casino to the peel basin , as part of an entertainment complex in partnership with the cirque du soleil , caused a controversy because of the social impact of the establishment of gambling in an underprivileged district .
jackson state university started as natchez seminary , a private school , under the auspices of the american baptist home mission society of new york , for the purpose of educating mississippi ’s newly freed and underprivileged blacks .
the score is an outcome of the need identified in the acheson committee report ( into general practitioner ( gp ) services in the uk ) , to create an indicy to identify ' underprivileged areas ' where there were high numbers of patients and hence pressure on general practitioner services .
jackie also has a non - profit organisation in sri lanka focusing on empowering the underprivileged .
in 2005 he founded the maysles institute , a nonprofit organization that provides training and apprenticeships to underprivileged individuals .
shanghai children 's hospital ( ) , formerly known as underprivileged children 's hospital , is one of the earliest founded children 's hospitals in china , and a prominent comprehensive hospital specialized in children 's diseases .
though democracy has been reinstated in the country , the tharu community has called for a more inclusive democracy as they are fearful of remaining a backward , underprivileged people .
