a positive result , in the absence of unequivocal hyperglycemia , should be confirmed by a repeat of any of the above - listed methods on a different day .
rees denied that he was a contender for the role , saying that " premier iemma has my rock - solid , unequivocal support and he knows that " .. two months after this interview , morris iemma was deposed as new south wales premier in favour of rees .
michigan district judge distinguished dezarn 's answer from the one at issue in bronston by not only noting the factual evidence that he was aware of which party was at issue , but that unlike " bronston " , his answer was " unequivocal and directly and fully responsive " .
in april 2007 , attach , an organisation originally set up by attachment therapists , formally adopted a white paper stating its unequivocal opposition to the use of coercive practices in therapy and parenting .
while there is some anthropological evidence that horses were ridden before they were driven , the most unequivocal evidence of domestication and use of the horse as a driving animal are the sintashta chariot burials in the southern urals , circa 2000 bc .
the collective expert opinion is unequivocal : poker is a game of skill , and in the long run , a skilled player will beat an unskilled player ...
another famous name is associated with the type ; when asked his favorite aircraft to fly , neil armstrong 's immediate and unequivocal answer was " bearcat " .
these misdeeds , which constitute so grave a betrayal of trust , deserve unequivocal condemnation .
the conservatives were perceived as being unequivocal in their support for gibraltar 's continued british status .
as can be seen , not even unequivocal distant relatives can be determined .
this reflects the fact that the system is gauge invariant and a " gauge fixing " is needed , i.e. impose 4 constraints on the system , in order to obtain unequivocal results .
promissory estoppel requires ( 1 ) an unequivocal promise by words or conduct , ( 2 ) a change in position of the promisee as a result of the promise ( " not necessarily to their detriment " ) , ( 3 ) inequity if the promisor was to go back on the promise .
however , not unequivocal and it was never fully accepted .
this enables the user to carry out unequivocal confirmations of the analytes present in the sample .
terrazas argued not only that his action in applying for a mexican nationality certificate ( including the signing of a formal renunciation of u.s. citizenship ) could not be taken as proof of his actual intent to give up his u.s. citizenship , but also that the supreme court 's ruling in " afroyim v. rusk " denied congress the ability to set a standard of proof in such cases and allowed revocation of his citizenship only if the government could prove by " clear , convincing and unequivocal evidence " that he had intended to relinquish it .
although many lahars are triggered by volcanic eruptions they are often mistaken as unequivocal sign of eruption , which is not the case .
skeptics point out that the available can not be seen as unequivocal support for any particular plant species due to the generally indistinct " blobiness " , even under powerful microscopes , of these tiny , spotty impressions .
" ligand - gated ion channels " are likely to be the major site at which anaesthetic agents and ethanol have their effects , although unequivocal evidence of this is yet to be established .
the committee is waiting for unequivocal proof that the species still exists .
sometimes called " true bugs " , that name more commonly refers to hemiptera as a whole , and " typical bugs " might be used as a more unequivocal alternative since among the hemiptera the heteropterans are most consistently and universally termed " bugs " . " heteroptera " is greek for " different wings " : most species have forewings with both membranous and hardened portions ( called hemelytra ) ; members of the primitive enicocephalomorpha have wings that are completely membranous .
no unequivocal volcanic features , such as flow lobes , leveed channels , domes , or cones are visible . crater
franken mocked controversial nbc president fred silverman as " a total unequivocal failure " and displayed a chart showing the poor ratings of nbc programs .
he clearly perceived that the emperor , charles v would not rest until the problems were grappled in earnest , and a council was an unequivocal procedure that should leave no room for doubt of his own readiness to make changes .
third , that the information communicated by each character was a specific one with an unequivocal meaning .
sensing nelson 's rising star in the republican establishment , washburn tried on the one hand to obtain unequivocal assurance from nelson that he was not in the race for the senate ; while solidifying his standing as the minneapolis candidate .
the lyrics , unlike most football songs , spoke not of unbounded optimism for victory - but instead told of how , ever since 1966 and the one unequivocal success of the english football team , every tournament has ended in dashed hopes and the feeling that england will never again reach those heights ( " three lions on a shirt , jules rimet still gleaming / thirty years of hurt , never stopped me dreaming " ) .
in dorset could hardly be more unequivocal about its identity as a rabbitry .
both also argue for the official and unequivocal recognition of galicia as a nation and the defence of galician speakers outside administrative galician territory , namely in galician speaking areas of the spanish regions of asturias and castile and león .
in 2003 a malaysian court ruled that , under sharia law , a man may divorce his wife via text messaging as long as the message was clear and unequivocal .
the conference issued an unequivocal denunciation of imperialist war and called for the workers to take state power .
he did not attach conditions to it : the commitment was unequivocal .
while prospects at the outset of the conference initially seemed bleak , the new agenda coalition put together a historic agreement outlined in the 13 steps , in which the nuclear weapons states affirmed , in accordance with article vi of the npt , that nuclear disarmament can and should proceed independently of general disarmament , that the nuclear powers have a responsibility to work together on " an unequivocal undertaking " to eliminate their arsenals , and that 13 relatively simple steps could help rid the world of nuclear weapons quickly , verifiably , and irreversibly .
the most practical way is to give unequivocal file names , or extensions .
the government of ghana support for basic education is unequivocal .
the company behind the planned development of a new supermarket were unequivocal in stating in april 2007 that there would be no development upon the an aird pitch ..
unequivocal legal recognition was given in the ministers of the crown act ( 1937 ) which made provision for paying a salary to the person who is both " the first lord of the treasury and prime minister " .
mukasey has refused to state an unequivocal legal position on the interrogation technique known as waterboarding ( in which water is poured over a rag on the prisoner 's face to simulate drowning ) , and it appears that he was concerned about the potential pursuit of government employees or agents , and their authorizing superiors in american or foreign courts under criminal charges , when responding to the senate judiciary committee questions .
yet , this freedom is not at all unequivocal .
despite islam 's unequivocal teaching that god is one and that no being resembles him in sanctity , some people accepted the notion that certain persons ( saints ) have baraka , a special quality of personal holiness and affinity to god .
she said that the people of china " do n't believe that an ... unequivocal and sincere apology has ever been made by japan to china " and that a written apology from japan would send a better message to the international community .
large areas can be clearly specified as filled polygons , without the need to " paint " or " vector - fill " as on mechanical gerber plotters , and , hence , on rs-274d. rs-274x is a complete , powerful and unequivocal description of a single pcb layer .
such theories have been superseded by unequivocal depictions of lateen - rigged mediterranean sailing vessels which pre - date the arab invasion .
the french fleet was anchored in a narrow harbour and , despite the unequivocal terms of the ultimatum , was not expecting an attack and was not fully prepared for battle .
when questioned about this at a gathering of the british ssi ( society of strip illustrators ) ' the usual gang of idots ' from mad magazine were unequivocal in their response .
a failure could be unequivocal .
among other measures , they gave the western nations unequivocal control of tariffs on imports and the right of extraterritoriality to all their visiting nationals .
5 . assertion : in each case , the assertion must be clear and unequivocal .
they constitute often an unequivocal sign of human occupation but are however prone to be eroded , buried by sand dunes or washed away by transgressions or tsunami waves .
the doctrine of martinez , whose christian character is unequivocal , is described as a key to any eschatological god , the primordial unity , had a desire to " emanating " beings from his own nature , but lucifer , who wanted to exercise his own creative power , fell victim to his own faults in some leading minds in his fall he found himself trapped with them in an area destined by god to serve as their prison .
when they are joined by daniel hughes , hacker obliquely threatens to table a question in the house of commons , asking the pm to make an unequivocal commitment to the policy — which would infuriate either the british or the rest of europe , depending on his answer — unless the plan to dismantle the daa is abolished .
the commission was at the same time unequivocal about the continuation of white political privilege , it stated that " in south africa , we the white men , can not leave and can not accept the fate of a subject race " .
its design was influenced by the latest trends to be found in continental europe in castle construction and was clearly intended as an unequivocal statement of his power and influence .
in the attempt to characterise him by some academic classification , velíšek ’s work is commonly referred as grotesque , gothic , or absurdist , though he himself avows a self - conceived school of " parealism " , and indeed the peculiarity of his artistic style eludes unequivocal definition .
framini selected a new ( plausible ) running mate , though his unofficial slogan was unequivocal : " framini - anglada , perón to the rosada ! "
audiences to guillotinings told numerous stories of blinking eyelids , speaking , moving eyes , movement of the mouth , even an expression of " unequivocal indignation " on the face of the decapitated charlotte corday when her cheek was slapped .
the " fiji times " published an editorial condemning the destruction of a local " landmark " by " thugs " and calling upon " the leaders of christian churches [ to ] make an immediate and unequivocal call on their members to desist from the temple burning which continue ( sic ) to plague our nation " .
middle jurassic terrestrial tetrapods are very rare , and " entradasuchus " was the first unequivocal north american middle jurassic nonmarine tetrapod known from body fossils when it was described ( 1995 ) .
cornerstone mentors have an unequivocal commitment to the ideals of sigma chi , willingness to be a role model and accessibility and availability to the chapter and its members .
the depiction of dalila , and women , is similar to that in milton 's divorce tracts and , as john guillory states and then asks , " we scarcely need to observe that " samson agonistes " assumes the subjection of women , a practice to which milton gives his unequivocal endorsement ; but is there any sense in which that practice of subjection is modified by the contemporaneous form of the sexual divisions of labor ? " .
after 1996 , most foreign countries have carefully avoided taking an unequivocal stand on the imia / kardak issue in favour of either side .
his answer was unequivocal ... that he saw the plates and heard the angel with unmistakable clearness . "
justifying his position , goldsmith said " the military deserved an unequivocal judgement on the legality of its action " .
like " achtung baby " , the tour was intended as an unequivocal break with the band 's past .
in short , there are no clear , unequivocal definitions of ' consensus ' , ' harm ' , ' injury ' , ' offender ' , and ' victim ' .
strauss and bloom 's interpretations , however , involve more than just pointing out inconsistencies ; by calling attention to these issues they ask readers to think more deeply about whether plato is being ironic or genuine , for neither strauss nor bloom present an unequivocal opinion , preferring to raise philosophic doubt over interpretive fact .
after some unpleasant experiences with american criminals and police , jon - tom takes the unequivocal decision to go back to what he realizes is now his true home .
although the " new scientist " article was somewhat negative , the " discovery institute " touted it as unequivocal evidence that the " biologic institute " is engaging in scientific research .
he " reversed [ the country 's ] unequivocal support for the kanak national liberation front in new caledonia , its systematic enmity towards france , its flirting with radical regimes , and its openly anti - american nuclear - free pacific stance . "
the unequivocal 1859 coining of " pandeism " explicitly in contrast to both pantheism " and " deism by moritz lazarus and heymann steinthal is discussed below .
part i of the symphony closes in d major ( end of movement 3 ) , and part ii begins there , but during movement 4 the tonality shifts to e major , which for the remainder of part ii is opposed by its relative minor c - sharp until the unequivocal e major of the final " a cappella " bars .
the oldest known unequivocal bird footprints from south america were also discovered in the anacleto formation .
on april 30 , 2004 , a three - judge panel of the 6th us circuit court of appeals ruled that demjanjuk could be again stripped of his us citizenship because the justice department had presented " clear , unequivocal , and convincing evidence " of demjanjuk 's service in nazi death camps .
- unequivocal excellence both in aspiration and achievement
the 2000 and 2008 editions of the government printing office 's ( gpo ) " style manual " are unequivocal in their guidance regarding this convention : " a single justified word space will be used between sentences .
the peace process was to be put on hold until there was a “ clear and unequivocal commitment ” that the ira would disband .
the " unequivocal " date of domestication and use as a means of transport is at the sintashta chariot burials in the southern urals , ca 2000 bc .
for whatever reason , maria theresa 's reply to the archduke was unequivocal , describing the mozarts as " useless people " whose appointment would debase the royal service , and adding that " such people go around the world like beggars " .
despite sharing in his earlier years in the old - fashioned anti - semitism of conservative france , his response to the radical racialist nazi version was unequivocal ; he had written an open letter to the world jewish conference in 1935 condemning the nuremberg laws as " abominable and stupid " .
this population , the only unequivocal cougar representative in the eastern united states , currently occupies only 5% of its historic range .
among other measures , they gave the western nations unequivocal control of tariffs on imports and the right of extraterritoriality to all their visiting nationals .
alphonsus maria duran , m.j. ( founder of miles jesu ) defends this expulsion in his article , " queen isabel and the jews " and states that it was not done out of " that queen isabel did not act out of any anti - semitic , racial or religious hatred or bigotry can be firmly substantiated by her unequivocal condemnations of , and personal interventions to stop riots and acts of violence against jews even before her formal accession to the throne , and sometimes at the loss of support of wealthy and influential partisans .
talking about definitions of mystical philosophy , as well as the mysticism in general , one must emphasize that their unequivocal defining is impracticable , just as it goes for terms like consciousness , spirit , soul and similar .
meanwhile , zaya retained the support of the vatican 's apostolic vicar , laurent trioche , and the metropolitan gregory peter di natale , who wrote to the vatican denouncing the conduct of the other bishops and requesting an unequivocal show of support for the new patriarch .
amoralism is the complete absence of moral beliefs , and/or the unequivocal belief that the theory of morality is immaterial .
it is orthodox to roman catholic teachings and policies , and its main policies are based upon traditional , and unequivocal , pro - life natalism .
moreover , the unequivocal statements by diodorus , the earliest greek chronicler of this saga , that their women had also fought side by side with their menfolk and " ' preferred death to a life of dishonor ' " clearly leaves no room for doubt about " the psyche , spirit and moral / ethical values of the oriental massaga women " whom cleophis had led and represented in the battle - field .
kerry miller is unequivocal in stating that at the time of its first competitive match , on 18 august 1990 ( vs worcester city ) , the jewson stadium was “ certainly the most innovative football ground built in england for many years ” .
flamingoes are well attested in the fossil record , with the first unequivocal member of the extant family phoenicopteridae , " elornis " known from the late eocene .
the shah put these reforms in place to show his unequivocal powers and at the same time by killing his political opponents the shah increased those powers .
united nations security council resolution 1904 , adopted unanimously on december 17 , 2009 , after reiterating its " unequivocal condemnation " of osama bin laden , the taliban and al - qaeda for " ongoing and multiple criminal terrorist acts " , the council adopted new measures to its decade - old regime of sanctions on the groups and others associated with them .
the task of robert and his fellow roman catholics was , therefore , to find a way of persuading his sceptical compatriots that they did not recognise the authority of the pope in temporal matters and that , whatever rome might say , their allegiance to king george was unequivocal .
despite the altalena affair , the jewish authorities expressed an unequivocal support of their return , although moshe sharett did not rule out the option of arresting them immediately on arrival , fearing that they might subvert the government .
early synthesis of the available data by the cochrane collaboration suggested that there was a beneficial effect but did not provide unequivocal support for general application .
despite the unequivocal abolition called for by the 1559 act , payments termed peter 's pence undoubtedly continued in england in the succeeding centuries .
current techniques of functional brain imagine now give unequivocal evidence for the simultaneous activation or coactivation of two or more sensory areas of the cerebral cortex in synesthetes , just as cytowic ’s work predicted . ”
it was so without communication , but through an unequivocal act of election , demonstrating caldwell no longer wished to be bound .
tai solarin was unequivocal and explicit on the side of justice , truth and fairplay , was always ready to suffer for the sake of others , share in their misery and stand by the weak
peter bradshaw in the guardian and peter byrne in the student bmj ( british medical journal ) are much more unequivocal in their praise .
an unequivocal undertaking by the nuclear - weapon states to accomplish the total elimination of their nuclear arsenals leading to nuclear disarmament to which all states parties are committed under article vi .
the czech public defender of rights claimed in 2002 and 2003 annual reports the discrepancy between theoretical and practical interpretations of the act and recommended to enact an unequivocal formulation .
a malaysian court had ruled that it is legal to divorce through the use of text messaging as long as you are clear and unequivocal .
on march 22 , germany put russia on the spot , demanding that russia give a clear and unequivocal " yes " or " no " as to whether it committed to accept this amendment .
retaliating for perón 's unequivocal rejection of the 1971 accords , lanusse limited the field of candidates to " those residing in argentina as of august 25 , 1972 " - a clear denial of the aging perón the right to run on his own party 's ticket ( the likely winners ) .
although it is impossible to make an unequivocal diagnosis of a long - dead person , matthews ' description of his torment by the " air loom gang " reads as a classic example of paranoid persecutory delusions brought on as part of a psychotic episode .
official zionism ’s firm , unequivocal stand did not please every one , however .
there is no unequivocal european record from the neogene .
during the 1960 election , i saw richard nixon as the winner ” , and at the time made unequivocal predictions that jfk would fail to win the election .
if this information does not allow unequivocal identification of the protein , its peptides can be subject to tandem mass spectrometry for de novo sequencing .
like fellow israeli novelists david grossman and a.b. yehoshua , amos oz changed his position ( of unequivocal support for a military act of " self - defense " at the outbreak of the war ) in the face of the cabinet 's decision at a later stage to expand operations in lebanon .
the last packet ... has indeed brought the clearest and unequivocal proofs that the independence of america is unconditionally to be acknowledged , nor will there be any conditions insisted on for those who have joined the king 's standard ...
being unequivocal , he told his audience that condoms were a sin in any circumstances .
there was certainly no unequivocal commitment to such a settlement .
the peculiar presbyornithids were used to argue for a close relationship between flamingos , waterfowl , and waders , but they are now known to be unequivocal waterfowl with a peculiarly derived morphology paralleling waders and flamingos .
a " times " review of " the spy who came in from the cold " strongly criticised john le carré for failing to provide a happy ending , and gave unequivocal reasons why in the reviewer 's opinion ( shared by many others ) such an ending is needed : " the hero must triumph over his enemies , as surely as jack must kill the giant in the nursery tale .
the site provided the first unequivocal association of stone artefacts with fossil remains of australian megafauna .
with knowles ' wide role assumed in the production of " survivor " , gil kaufman of mtv noted that " it became clear that beyoncé was emerging as dc 's unequivocal musical leader and public face " .
praise for the game was unequivocal and unanimous .
venona has added information — some of it unequivocal , some of it ambiguous — to several espionage cases .
kennedy stated that the national guard was at the college “ to carry out the final and unequivocal order of the united states district court of the northern district of alabama . ”
robert christgau in a review for " the village voice " felt that " she [ madonna ] does n't speak for the ordinary teenaged stiff any more " , adding that the " antiabortion content of ' papa do n't preach ' is n't unequivocal , and would n't make the song bad by definition if it were , the ambiguity is a cop - out rather than an open door , which is bad . "
adams refers to the decree as an , “ unequivocal act of war on the commerce of the nations it attacks , " and states that if the u.s. has the means it can " reconcile nothing with their interest and honor but a firm resistance . "
these goals were accomplished and the court of appeals was generally viewed as an unequivocal success .
rædwald did not establish unequivocal christian rule , but at his death edwin acquired even greater dominion than rædwald ( except in kent ) , and was baptized .
dio 's version , though fragmentary , is unequivocal ; romulus is surrounded by hostile , resentful senators and " rent limb from limb " in the senate - house itself .
a few modern genera are tentatively dated to a miocene origin , but their unequivocal record stretches back only some 5 million years ( see genus articles for more ) .
lenin ’s unequivocal hostile intolerance towards religious belief became a distinctive feature of ideological soviet atheism , which was contrasted with milder antireligious views of marxists outside the ussr .
the chair of the nevada commission 's medical advisory board reviewed morrison 's status after learning about his comeback and concluded the positive results " are ironclad and unequivocal . "
the main case against the ' faked death ' theory is that , whilst there is evidence for marlowe 's death , there is no equally unequivocal counter - evidence that he survived , or did anything more than exert a considerable influence on shakespeare .
this impressed the media , who prominently noted diem 's unequivocal stance in their reports .
reference to “ pyes ” as food items appeared in england ( in a latin context ) as early as the 12th century , but no unequivocal reference to the item with which the article is concerned is attested in the oxford english dictionary until the 14th century ( oxford english dictionary sb " pie " ) .
the piece evolves from uncertain and hesitant beginnings to an unequivocal c major finale , with its echoes of wagner 's " die meistersinger " : indeed , at the premiere the overture to this opera was performed after the symphony .
margaret cox and simon mays sum up the position : " although it can hardly be said that craniometric data provide an unequivocal answer to the problem of the beaker folk , the balance of the evidence would at present seem to favour a migration hypothesis . "
miller 's family asked that the british government ensure his killer is prosecuted , accusing the israeli authorities of " an abject failure to uphold the fundamental and unequivocal standards of international humanitarian and human rights law . "
the dtg argue that the bbc trust 's provisional approval document does not contain a " clear and unequivocal condition " that project canvas will have to work with industry and there appears to be a " parallel process " taking place where project canvas and its preferred technology partners are developing a separate standard .
the islands of molucca also find mention in several records : " meluza " or " melucha " is mentioned by a member of the brazil - india expedition under cabral ; amerigo vespucci mentions " maluche " in a letter to lorenzo de medici ( 1501 ) ; a javanese chronicles ( 1365 ) mentions the moluccas and " maloko " ; and navigational works of the fourteenth century and the fifteenth century contain the first unequivocal arab reference to moluccas .
ochs wrote that " in the future , intelligent men will read in amazement about the murder of caryl chessman , " a rather unequivocal condemnation of the execution of a convicted rapist .
the important thing to understand is that the sense of giri felt in japan is unequivocal ; yolanda did not pay back the obligation by giving rock anything physical , instead she paid it back by giving him the proper consideration he deserved and by following through with her original deal .
the success of his visit to america was unequivocal , although he fell into a vexatious dispute with the press .
if that is the intention of parliament , cartwright argues that parliament would have added an express provision to s. 2 of the bill of rights making that unequivocal , like " ... and if any law of canada can not be so construed and applied it shall be regarded as inoperative or " pro tanto " repealed . "
in 1995 he became the subject of huge ( mainly negative ) attention from the british media after " wisden cricket monthly " published his essay " is it in the blood ? " ( originally titled " racism and national identity " ) , which suggested that the england cricket team should only be made up of " unequivocal englishmen " and called for the non - selection of all non - white cricketers , wherever they were born or brought up , and white cricketers born or brought up outside england ( the latter have been a substantial part of the team in recent decades ) .
all contemporary sources are unequivocal in praising bacurius ’s military skills and courage .
the comment written on the blog " the unequivocal notion " said those who opposed the board ’s decision had a “ messed up view of sex ” and “ can not understand people who wish to protect children from becoming people like you . ”
lennon was unequivocal in stating that the songs he wrote for the album had nothing to do with the " sgt .
analysis of mtdna cytochrome " b " sequence and ndna microsatellite fingerprinting data , though not unequivocal , together with the evidence from morphology , behaviour and biogeography confirms the suspicion that the present bird is a distinct species .
additionally , the repudiation must be unequivocal .
together with the female singer roya arab and the young rapper rosko john , the band released their first album " londinium " on island records in 1996 , a mix of dark trip hop ( in a similar vein to massive attack ) , electronica and naturally , their breakbeat and hardcore roots , but with the unequivocal match of string arrangements and almost baroque and classically influenced songwriting .
the sisterhood has been active in liturgical renewal and unequivocal in its acceptance of the " book of alternative services " .
opposition to official zionism ’s firm , unequivocal stand caused some prominent zionists to establish their own party , ichud ( unification ) , which advocated an arab – jewish federation in palestine .
" future primitive " is an unequivocal assertion of the superiority of the hunter - gatherer lifestyle .
however no unequivocal documentary or archaeological evidence has been adduced in support of this .
on this point the clear and unequivocal words of [ muhammad ] are as follows:"there are three categories of people against whom i shall myself be a plaintiff on the day of judgement .
the unequivocal consensus in the scientific community is that intelligent design is not science .
the first unequivocal historical mention of glogowek in a silesian source dates from 1212 .
because of skuld 's lack of magic power , noble scarlet lacked the full unequivocal obedience an angel must have for her goddess .
some subsequent studies of the claw hypothesis have uncovered some evidence to support its mechanism , although this is not unequivocal .
however , a molecular analysis has shown unequivocal support for monophyly of the individual families and the genus " conorhynchos " into a clade called pimelodoidea , including pimelodidae + pseudopimelodidae and heptapteridae + " conorhynchos " .
there is also unequivocal evidence of at least one temple priest .
committed to unequivocal independence , the mtld firmly opposed abbas 's proposal for federation .
the prc 's un ambassador , wang yingfan ( chinese 王英凡 ) , has stated multiple times in the un general committee : " taiwan is an inseparable part of china 's territory since antiquity " and " both the 1943 cairo declaration and the 1945 potsdam declaration have reaffirmed in unequivocal terms china 's sovereignty over taiwan as a matter of international law . "
in later years , toshi was unequivocal .
the enigmatic " diatryma " cotei " is known from remains almost as old as the paris basin footprints ( whose date never could be accurately determined ) , but in north america the fossil record of unequivocal gastornithids seems to end even earlier than in europe .
the last reliable sight record was in 1884 , with a doubtful one in 1893 ; a dedicated search in 1887 failed to find the bird , but as it was rather cryptic , this can not be taken as unequivocal proof that it was completely extinct by then .
using conventional functional morphology , physical modelling and microwear analysis , purnell uncovered unequivocal evidence that conodont elements had performed a mechanical tooth function in life , resolving a palaeobiological debate that had run for more than a century .
to date there is ( relatively ) small body of evidence that simulator training improves health - care education , practice , and patient safety , but , gaba argues , " ... no industry in which human lives depend on skilled performance has waited for unequivocal proof of the benefits of simulation before embracing it . "
he " reversed [ the country 's ] unequivocal support for the kanak national liberation front in new caledonia , its systematic enmity towards france , its flirting with radical regimes , and its openly anti - american nuclear - free pacific stance . "
the requirement that a waiver be unequivocal is to be distinguished from situations in which the suspect makes an equivocal assertion of their miranda rights after the interrogation has begun .
monarchy , public order and good government – understood as dedication to the common good – preceded , moderated , and balanced an unequivocal belief in individual rights and liberty .
since the witness of their lives was not as unequivocal as that of the martyrs , they were venerated publicly only with the approval by the local bishop .
however , a number of meta - analyses , including those done by the cochrane collaboration in the united kingdom in 2002 , germany 's institute for quality and cost effectiveness in the health care sector [ iqwig ] released in 2007 , and the canadian agency for drugs and technology in health ( cadth ) also released in 2007 have shown no unequivocal advantages in clinical use of insulin analogs over more conventional insulin types .
bergonzoli replied : " i am aware of the honour and i have today repeated to my troops your message — simple and unequivocal .
unequivocal attribution would require controlled experiments with multiple copies of the climate system , which is not possible .
it is difficult to produce an unequivocal definition of a domain and this is one area in which cath and scop differ .
in that study , " prodiplocynodon " was excluded from the alligatorinae because it lacked all seven of the unequivocal synapomorphies that were proposed for the clade .
though they all look quite similar in habitus , there are few unequivocal characters that can be easily used to recognize adult members of this tribe .
to mirror the new musical direction that the band took with " achtung baby " , the tour was intended as an unequivocal break with the band 's past .
additionally , some researchers claim that pornography causes unequivocal harm to society by increasing rates of sexual assault , a line of research which has been critiqued in " the effects of pornography : an international perspective " on external validity grounds , while others claim there is a correlation between pornography and a decrease of sex crimes .
about the size of a chicken , it is the earliest known unequivocal example of secondary flightlessness : its skeleton shows clear indications that the ancestors of " patagopteryx " were flying birds .
all medieval georgian sources are unequivocal in praising his handsomeness , military talents , valor , and devoutness to tamar .
this led to the creation of the conseil national de la résistance ( cnr ) by the addition of the political parties and ultimately to de gaulle 's unequivocal recognition as free france 's political representative to the allies .
some molecular development studies have given limited support to the idea of an " ocular " segment corresponding to the protocerebrum ; but these data are not unequivocal .
the state trial court issued jury instructions that the decision be based on " clear , unequivocal and convincing evidence " that addington was mentally ill and that hospitalization was required for his own welfare and the welfare of others .
bell and cooper were not members of erodelphian , but their support for the dissenting four was unequivocal .
the 7th circuit court of appeals ruled in terrazas ' favor , holding that according to " afroyim v. rusk , " congress had no power to legislate any evidentiary standard for proving terrazas ' intent to relinquish his citizenship that fell short of a requirement of proof by clear , convincing and unequivocal evidence .
the second group is that of those who , " under the pressure of particular circumstances , have consented to receive episcopal ordination without the pontifical mandate , but have subsequently asked to be received into communion with the successor of peter and with their other brothers in the episcopate " ; in view of the existing confusion on the part of chinese catholics , the pope said : " it is indispensable , for the spiritual good of the diocesan communities concerned , that legitimation , once it has occurred , is brought into the public domain at the earliest opportunity , and that the legitimized bishops provide unequivocal and increasing signs of full communion with the successor of peter . "
the company behind the planned development were unequivocal in stating in april 2007 that there would be no development upon the an aird pitch ..
however , both are alternatively considered to be hesperornithes or other seabirds ; at any rate , there is no unequivocal proof that loons " ever " occurred in the southern hemisphere , and the overwhelming majority of evidence clearly points to a western european origin of the order ( see loon for details ) .
at the time of the controversy in britain , irving was the only historian who gave " unequivocal " support for hochhuth 's thesis , others consulted by tynan considered it highly improbable .
the poor results of internet retailers following the 1999 christmas season may have been first unequivocal and public evidence that the " get rich quick " internet strategy was flawed for most companies .
in 1976 president omar torrijos of panama began campaigning for belize 's cause , and in 1979 the sandinista government in nicaragua declared unequivocal support for an independent belize .
in the xeer , law and crime are defined in terms of property rights ; consequently the criminal justice system is compensatory rather than the punitive system of the majority of states , and the xeer is " unequivocal in its opposition " to any form of taxation .
in 2004 , south africa announced formal recognition of the sadr , delayed for 10 years despite unequivocal promises by nelson mandela as apartheid fell .
he concluded by classifying it as diapsida " incertae sedis " , and a dubious name , adding an exhortation not to name pterosaurs from material lacking unequivocal pterosaur characters .
clarence page of the orlando sentinel wrote in 1992 “ [ the washington redskins ] are the only big time professional sports team whose name is an unequivocal racial slur .
perhaps surprisingly , this is relatively rare in practice , perhaps because administrative failure is of less interest to populist elements of the media than personal scandal , and less susceptible to unequivocal proof .
for an unequivocal study of this cipher two chapters of " de cifris " are herewith reproduced in english .
jherek is sentenced to death , as the case against him is unequivocal , but he can not understand why all the people around him are so upset ; inhabitants of the end of time are immortal , and for them death is merely transitory .
yet , it is also unequivocal in its proclamation of a restoration for those who survive the ‘ great day of the lord ' .
the new york city medical examiners office asserted in october 2007 that zadroga 's death was not related to his time at ground zero , with chief medical examiner charles hirsch and another medical examiner signing a statement that " it is our unequivocal opinion , with certainty beyond doubt , that the foreign material in your son ’s lungs did not get there as the result of inhaling dust at the world trade center or elsewhere " .
shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development , supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment .
however , although evidence exists to suggest a positive relation between sa and performance , this connection is probabilistic and not always direct and unequivocal ( endsley , 1995b ) .
although , " he is unequivocal , however , in believing that the prospect of eu membership has already prompted a ' quiet revolution on the edge of europe .
chapter 2:12 contains a succinct but unequivocal message : “
" gay republicans " is a 2004 documentary directed by walsh westmoreland that focuses on four log cabin republicans as they struggle with president bush 's unequivocal opposition to gay marriage and are forced to make a choice , whether to be good republicans and support the president , or stand up for their civil rights as gay americans .
a more recent analysis states " unequivocal evidence is still lacking in order to define the way the lake drained ( i.e. , either by a breach through the ice - dam , a supraglacial spillover or a subglacial flood ) , whether it drained by one or more pulses and the location of the northward flood routes toward hudson bay " and proposes that new evidence indicates that the process was in fact subglacial flooding .
during the futian incident zhu de and peng dehuai were unequivocal supporters of mao , despite their different political characters .
kearns ' position found unequivocal support in precedent from the u.s. court of appeals and from the supreme court of the united states . "
on march 14 , 2008 , the new hampshire supreme court unanimously affirmed the superior court ruling and issued an unequivocal opinion declaring that the macdowell colony , by promoting the arts , is a charitable institution .
in april 2007 , attach , an organisation originally set up by attachment therapists , formally adopted a white paper stating its unequivocal opposition to the use of coercive practices in therapy and parenting , promoting instead newer techniques of attunement , sensitivity and regulation .
literature which limits one 's potential understanding to a single , unequivocal line , the " closed text " , remains the least rewarding , while texts that are the most active between mind and society and life ( open texts ) are the most lively and best — although valuation terminology is not his primary area of focus .
" a big , black mercedez - benz of a book ... ideology aside , the pictures are hard to resist , combining all the voyeuristic pleasures of national geographic - style anthropology with an unequivocal appreciation of the innate grace and symmetry of the human form ...
the reaction of london was unequivocal , rejecting the principle and doctrine of the sanhedrin .
the court also followed " gonzales v. landon " , 350 u.s. 920 , where the court had held that the burden of proof in cases of denaturalization under section 401(j ) was on the government " by clear , convincing and unequivocal evidence . "
it seems g desires reconciliation so that if you write to me be unequivocal . "
the criteria for a common law marriage are : ( 1 ) when two parties have a present intent ( usually , but not necessarily , evidenced by a public and unequivocal declaration ) to enter into a marriage contract ; and ( 2 ) " a mutual agreement between the parties to assume toward each other the relation of husband and wife . "
these events were marked by a forceful and unequivocal acknowledgment of yashpal being the towering figure in the post - prem chand era , as well as of the author ’s importance and his impact on hindi literature and on the successive generations of young writers .
these two are unequivocal modern birds and the latter indeed seems to be an ancient sulid , whereas " argillornis " has turned out to be referrable to the giant pseudotooth bird " dasornis " which was almost certainly not very closely related to the sulae .
" because life - history traits are likely to be correlated with a species ' phylogenetic history , unequivocal evidence for adaptation to local environmental conditions may be recognized only after the variation in a trait attributable to phylogeny is removed . "
apart from these unequivocal presbyornithids , there are some genera which are tentatively assigned to this family pending the discovery of more complete material .
in this role , however , his success , though unequivocal , did not meet his admirers’ expectations .
another interesting angle on flower was his combination of religious belief with complete and unequivocal acceptance of evolution .
solomon is unequivocal in his promotion of jewish history and hebrew as the two most essential areas of learning for the jewish world today .
despite the rumours , williams team boss frank williams gave hill " an unequivocal vote of confidence " heading into the race .
the earliest unequivocal brachiopod fossils appeared in the early cambrian period .
subsequent to cambridge 's unequivocal assertion that " the skeptical environmentalist " had been subject to peer - review , harrison noted that
this however is not an unequivocal view , since the availability of part - time employment may be thought to act in a pro - natal direction , making motherhood and employment continuity possible , and it may be rather the employment stability of the father which is the key factor .
the collective expert opinion is unequivocal : poker is a game of skill , and in the long run , a skilled player will beat an unskilled player ...
however , the most unequivocal early archaeological evidence of equines put to working use was of horses being driven .
5 . assertion : in each case , the assertion must be clear and unequivocal .
relationships among the other species are quite unequivocal too ; what is not quite clear is whether the galapagos dove is most closely related to the zenaida dove ( as tentatively indicated by morphology ) or to the eared and mourning doves ( as suggested by dna sequences — although with a very low confidence level - and , most robustly , biogeography ) .
one case that is held up as definitive proof of the reality of repressed memories , recorded by david corwin has been criticized by elizabeth loftus and melvin guyer for ignoring the context of the original complaint and falsely presenting the sexual abuse as unequivocal and true when in reality there was no definitive proof .
to a study of the writings of shaftesbury and hutcheson we might , probably , in large measure , attribute the unequivocal adoption of the utilitarian standard by hume , and , if this be the case , the name of hutcheson connects itself , through hume , with the names of priestley , paley and bentham .
there was no unequivocal team 10 theory or school in the traditional sense .
we never get a message that 's so unequivocal about how these acts should be judged .
maup ’s anti - semitic statements supporting the iranian president 's recent call for israel to be ' wiped off the map ' was an affront to decency that provoked the unequivocal international condemnation it deserved . "
the prohibition was rather unequivocal , rejecting even " moderate " rates of interest .
" we meet for the first time a consistent , unequivocal theoretical assertion of the purely and exclusively religious character of islam " .
the map is similar in principle to the decision height point , in that the pilot in command must make a clear and unequivocal yes / no decision upon arrival at this point - either the runway ( or its specified environment ) is positively visible and accessible for landing using a safe and " stabilized approach " ( i.e. no excessively steep bank or descent angles required ) , in which case the approach to landing may be continued , or else the approach must be discontinued and the published missed approach procedure must be initiated " immediately " .
the u.s. house resolution 674 , introduced on september 24 , 2007 , expressed “ unequivocal support ” ... “ for israel ’s right to self defense in the face of an imminent nuclear or military threat from syria . ”
however , though scientists have intensively studied life on earth , defining life in unequivocal terms is still a challenge .
the missionary père brown 's testimony of 1724 is generally believed to be the last unequivocal record of the bird , but an anonymous british naval officer reports stories about birds limited to the high plateau that can be killed with sticks in 1763 .
several specimens have imprints of fine loom woven cloth , representing the first unequivocal evidence for the presence of the loom in prehistoric oceania ( ibid . : 190 ) .
" adoration " provides a clear and unequivocal , and therefore better , translation of " latria " and expression of the absolute sacrificial reverence due to god alone .
handler , increasingly the target of harassment , followed this with studies on the day 's student uprisings like the unequivocal " i like students " ( 1968 ) , " líber arce : liberation " ( 1969 ) and an ode to a massive local meatpackers ' strike , " the uruguayan beef shortage of 1969 " .
” activists felt that the statement was not a full , unequivocal acknowledgment of the armenian genocide , because the use of the qualifier “
an autopsy conducted by hirsch in october 2007 found that zadroga 's death was not related to his time at ground zero , with hirsch and another medical examiner signing a statement that " it is our unequivocal opinion , with certainty beyond doubt , that the foreign material in your son ’s lungs did not get there as the result of inhaling dust at the world trade center or elsewhere . "
this program was clear and unequivocal , but its realization tested the political capacity of suárez .
the limited fossil record also consists only of unequivocal columbidae species .
his claim to mahdihood was bold and unequivocal .
it holds that an unequivocal act communicating the wish to rescind a contract can override third party rights .
senator durbin suggested there seemed to be inconsistency between alito 's unequivocal support for the unspecified right to desegregated schools in " brown v. board of education " from the equal protection clause and his refusal to do the same for the " griswold " case from the liberty clause .
prayers of kierkegaard is an unequivocal religious statement that samuel barber divided into 4 distinct parts , each representing a different prayer .
complete militant atheist’ needs to make a swift and unequivocal apology to christians .
the earliest unequivocal fossils of auks are from the miocene ( e.g. the genus " miocepphus " , 15 mya ) .
according to the israeli new historian benny morris , although war crimes were committed , there 's " no unequivocal proof of a large - scale massacre . "
the first unequivocal literary evidence for the existence of the compound pulley system appears in the " mechanical problems " ( " mech " .
