after successfully selling most of the apartments off - plan - cala decided that the economic conditions were unfavourable and so abruptly abandoned the scheme in 2005 , putting the land up for sale without even a press release - much to the anger of early investors .
later , the parties managed to reach an agreement and avoided the unfavourable contest .
the author reported that due to the fact that the fda requires reporting of both favourable and unfavourable results of clinical trials that the fda nda data is more reliable than the peer reviewed literature which is subject to serious bias regarding hypnotics .
while purporting to be an impartial account of the situation in ireland , it portrayed the ira in a very unfavourable light when compared with the british forces .
this provoked rival anti- and pro- petitions and both unfavourable and favourable reviews .
suetonius , whose father had fought for otho at bedriacum , gives an unfavourable account of vitellius ' brief administration : he describes him as unambitious and notes that vitellius showed indications of a desire to govern wisely , but that valens and caecina encouraged him in a course of vicious excesses which threw his better qualities into the background .
when tegel 's " vasa chronicle " was published in 1622 , the section describing the king 's legal process and death sentences against the reformers was regarded as unfavourable to the vasa dynasty and was subsequently left out .
he first describes rudin in extremely unfavourable terms , but in the end he is also the one who admits rudin 's “ genius ” in certain areas of life .
as this account significantly glosses over several elements of the cruise which cast mcclure in a somewhat unfavourable light , historians generally prefer the straightforward account rendered by the " investigators surgeon , sir alexander armstrong .
in the netherlands , there is a slim majority stating they have an unfavourable view of muslims .
most species are adapted to seasonal climates that have a pronounced dry or cold period unfavourable for plant growth and during which the plants remain dormant .
however , not all reactions were so unfavourable ; niedecker read the issue at her home in fort atkinson , wisconsin , and wrote to zukofsky , beginning a friendship and literary correspondence that would last until her death 40 years later .
due to generally unfavourable feedback about the new location from attendees , the book fair returned to west london in 2007 and took place at the earls court exhibition centre from 16 - 18 april .
b12 deficiency may arise in a year if initial stores are low and genetic factors unfavourable or may not appear for decades .
the unfavourable character drawn of him by burnet is certainly unjust and not supported by any evidence .
canuckistan music reviewer michael panontin gave the album a relatively unfavourable review , stating that " the family " finds mashmakhan skirting the cusp of sixties hippiedom , following the current towards a then - fashionable heavy blues / jazz sound , but foundering somewhat in lead - like hammond chords , overwrought guitar , awkward signature changes and generally tepid harmonies . "
though very kinetically slow without any catalysts ( most esters are metastable ) , pure esters will tend to spontaneously hydrolyse in the presence of water , so when carried out " unaided " , high yields for this reaction is quite unfavourable .
the comparison was obvious and unfavourable with london 's victoria line , a deep line of 22 km constructed during the same period using a two - tunnel approach at vastly lower cost .
the report of a commission of inquiry on the handling of the famine was unfavourable to beadon , who left india and returned to england .
the decision , it was supposed , would turn on the opinion of the presiding judge , sir alexander gibson , lord durie of the clan durie , who was known to be unfavourable to lord traquair .
these unfavourable preferences can be concluded from figure 5 .
an important factor is that future pensions are now indexed to gdp growth , ensuring sustainability even in the event of unfavourable economic development .
" the yawn of the new age " has been met with reviews ranging from very favourable to very unfavourable .
however , none of these led to the birth of a " shogi boom " , and in some cases unfavourable media reports accelerated the decline in the number of shogi fans .
in the mid 1970s , frensham established a mass recruitment advertising campaign to achieve an increase in attendance , as the school faced unfavourable outcomes in net profit .
in unfavourable seasons remissions of assessment are granted for entire or partial loss of produce .
these terms were most unfavourable to ahmad shah , and his acceptance of them is an indication of the extent to which his kingdom had suffered in the war with gujarat .
the plants thus survive periods that are unfavourable for growth by retreating underground .
in germany , coal trains with scharfenberg couplers yielded unfavourable results in winter weather , other railroads did similar tests .
he decides to renew a contract with the local foundry , even on unfavourable terms , to avoid throwing the longtime employees out of work .
although all records of the amphitheatre were lost , the unfavourable contours of the filled - in amphitheatre prevented roads from passing through the site , preserving the underground remains and allowing the site to later be excavated without the need for extensive demolition .
though the change did not gather much attention until near the end of leblanc 's tenure , the reaction , when it came , was generally unfavourable , and the modifications were undone by his successor .
drug development has been discontinued after reporting of unfavourable results during phase iii trials .
it was originally designed as a glass stepped pyramid , or zigurat , but this has recently been amended to incorporate a sloping façade in brick ( to match the original power - station building ) after feedback on the original design was unfavourable .
at an unfavourable price , output is sold without increasing capital assets .
elia encountered unfavourable shear conditions on april 15 causing the low level circulation to decouple from the convection .
the hungarian 20th division lost two - thirds of its effectives and was routed , partly because of the successive attacks and partly because of the unfavourable terrain .
the team fought back with full commitment to the end , not giving up despite unfavourable circumstances and seemingly in the hopeless situation .
as species always breed beyond available resources , favourable variations would make organisms better at surviving and passing the variations on to their offspring , while unfavourable variations would be lost .
the entire site is at condition 88% " unfavourable recovering " .
fiji 's police commissioner , esala teleni , commented : " there are efforts being made to create an unfavourable environment , that may provide excuses to certain lurking nations to interfere in the affairs of fiji " – a transparent reference to new zealand .
northward movement also tends to move cyclones into unfavourable areas .
o'brien then joined forces a year later with sheehan ’s illa organisation , identifying himself with sheehan 's demand for agricultural labourers ' housing , who up to then were dependent on limited provision of cottages by local county councils or landowners at unfavourable terms .
however , unfavourable winds drove the vessel back to the harbour of tabraca , where the inhabitants were eager to display their new loyalty by throwing gildo in the dungeons .
when a high threshold is used , to prevent couples from wrongly being refused ivf , only approximately 3% of ivf - indicated cases are identified as having unfavourable prospects in an ivf treatment cycle .
prior to landfall , hubert weakened rapidly in an unfavourable atmospheric environment , and the surface circulation was poorly defined .
some years later the auditor , don juan de villabona cubiaurre , was appointed chief superintendent of the work and submitted an unfavourable report on the work of martínez .
5 ) speaks , though we do not know at what time he refers to , of certain magistrates at larissa , who bore the name of " politophylakes " , who exercised a superintendence over the admission of freemen , and were elected themselves out of the body of the people whence they were led to court the people in a way unfavourable to the interests of the aristocracy .
in testing , the fd1 exhibited unfavourable handling and stability leading to its ultimate cancellation .
kabyle faces an unfavourable environment in this nation , although there exists a public radio ( channel ii , which dates back to the algerian revolution ) , and some tv news reports on the unique algerian tv channel .
in 1896 he was involved in the anglo - zanzibar war , caused by the succession of a sultan unfavourable to the british , and led 900 pro - british askaris during the bombardment of the sultan 's palace .
critical response of the era was again unfavourable , with lester bangs of " rolling stone " dismissing " master of reality " as " naïve , simplistic , repetitive , absolute doggerel " , although the very same magazine would later place the album at number 298 on their 500 greatest albums of all time list , compiled in 2003 .
this can also help the operation to make a substantial number of contacts with parts of the planet that have unfavourable propagation from the area visited , lying perhaps in the region on the earth 's surface which is diametrically opposite to it -- its antipodal point .
due to a largely unfavourable reaction , the proposal soon disappeared from view .
the success of the voyage depended on the pin - point accuracy of worsley 's navigation , using observations that would have to be made in the most unfavourable of conditions .
if the allies delayed accepting the offer of president wilson , and if , later on , the course of the war was so unfavourable to them that the intervention of the united states would not be effective , the united states would probably disinterest themselves in europe and look to their own protection in their own way .
sonamu began interacting with nearby tropical storm wukong on august 15 , with the outflow from the stronger wukong producing unfavourable shear over the cyclone .
one of these was directed to the improvement of the horizontal rubber spring suspension system that , apart from being less reliable than originally hoped for , caused an uncomfortable ride , high track and tread wear and an unfavourable weight distribution .
after losing his parliamentary majority in an unfavourable general election in november 1827 , charles dismissed prime minister villèle on 5 january 1828 and appointed jean - baptise de martignac , a man the king disliked and thought of only as provisional .
it drew attention to british errors , both political and military , in that war and made unfavourable contrast with the tactics of the boer guerrillas .
and despite this apparent popularity , critical reactions to the work have often been unfavourable .
new members are sponsored by two current members and must receive five - sixths of the members ' votes , unfavourable votes annulling five favourable ones .
in 865 domagoj was forced to make an unfavourable peace with the venetian republic , giving hostages to venice as a guarantee for safe passage of venetian ships in the adriatic sea .
the channel was very narrow , and the wind unfavourable , but collier managed to warp the " victor " into the harbour , and with the aid of her staysails , closed on the french ship .
in january 1803 , surveyor - general charles grimes arrived at port phillip in the sloop " cumberland " and mapped the area , including the future site of geelong , but reported the area was unfavourable for settlement and returned to sydney on 27 february .
shell gave robinson an unfavourable rating and said it would not rehire him .
the german airships , after dropping their bombs , reported back to the bombardment force : visibility over land was poor , the winds were unfavourable , and the towns were better defended than previously thought : the zeppelins bombing norwich , lincoln , harwich and ipswich had been under fire by british ships , but none had been damaged .
the testimony of cole , purcell and ship 's sailing master john fryer was not unfavourable towards heywood .
he further pretended that he was to be engaged in manufacturing false plots to be foisted on those who were known to be unfavourable to the catholic cause .
despite this unfavourable situation frederick agreed to meet louis ' knights at once .
several species of " prumnopitys " are used for timber , though as they are slow - growing , supplies are very limited and over - cutting has led to some having an unfavourable conservation status .
conservative social attitudes among both white and black populations are traditionally unfavourable to homosexuality ; such attitudes have persisted to some degree in post - apartheid society .
if it is unfavourable , the endpoint will be rounded regardless of the magnitude of the enthalpy change .
he hoped to re - establish utrecht as an episcopal seat , but rome showed much hesitation on the issue , since they were unfavourable to the seat being restored under french protection .
it received unanimously unfavourable reviews which forced its early closure .
" the science of getting rich " has been criticized by the ankerberg theological institute for being centered on the individual rather than on god , and for ignoring biblical viewpoints that are unfavourable to ideas of striving for personal accumulation of wealth .
the early prognosis of the " beast " was unfavourable as it was strongly disliked by aircrews because it was much bigger and heavier than the sbd it replaced .
the tardiness of the response drew unfavourable comment from disability groups , particularly following channel 4 's action in the 2007 celebrity big brother racism incident , where contestants were warned over their conduct .
the conditions of catholics about this time were too unfavourable to permit the undertaking of extensive scientific histories .
those afflicted with seborrhoeic dermatitis have an unfavourable epidermic response to the infection , with the skin becoming inflamed and flaking .
often the jews so shown are those shown in an unfavourable light by the story being depicted , such as the money - changers expelled by jesus from the temple ( matthew.21.12 - 17 ) , but this is by no means always the case .
the media closely follows any foreign country 's ( particularly south korea , israel , japan and the united states ) relevant policies towards the country ; any actions deemed unfavourable to the dprk , its leaders or political system are strongly condemned in the official media .
indeed , the unfavourable evidence forces luttwak to adopt a self - contradicting thesis .
the boeing 727s , which dan - air continued to acquire throughout the 1980s , including some on unfavourable leases , proved a financial millstone .
in order to move past the particle some new boundary must be created , and this is energetically unfavourable .
the modes of transport in iceland are governed by the country ’s rugged terrain and unfavourable weather conditions .
subsequent generations of historians also believed that jane 's testimony against her husband and sister - in - law in 1536 was motivated by spite rather than any actual belief in their guilt , hence her generally unfavourable historical reputation .
to identify obstetric practices that are associated with favourable and unfavourable outcomes for further intervention studies of the major causes of very preterm birth , after correction for pregnancy ( maternal and fetal ) characteristics [ and for perinatal outcomes , also neonatal risk markers and neonatal intensive care practices ] ; and3 .
three hours into the fight , " defiance " , whose manoeuvers were hampered by the high reefs , had found herself stranded in an unfavourable position and exposed to french fire for so long that she had to retreat , her stern entirely destroyed . " caesar " and " donegal " sustained damage to a lesser extent from the frigates and the coastal forts .
the state - controlled press in france , however , reported the opening of the trial with great fanfare , but thereafter reported less and less of the proceedings , as most of them were unfavourable to the regime .
the expedition was eventually released , but time was lost and the winds unfavourable .
the first is favourable and allows the second unfavourable step to occur .
the kirks are trendy leftist people , but living together for many years and the advance of middle age have left unfavourable traces in their relationship .
many of the critics attacked hawkins for his lack of strict focus on johnson 's life or for his unfavourable depiction of johnson in various circumstances .
darwin related this to the struggle for existence among wildlife and botanist de candolle 's " warring of the species " in plants ; he immediately envisioned " a force like a hundred thousand wedges " pushing well - adapted variations into " gaps in the economy of nature " , so that the survivors would pass on their form and abilities , and unfavourable variations would be destroyed .
starring caroleen feeney and paulie dicocco , the film tells the story of a wannabe crime writer turned substitute food critic who writes a very unfavourable review of a restaurant .
it was further alleged that cresswell had induced the agreement by suggesting to thesiger at an early stage that he had formed an unfavourable view of his client 's case .
it provoked such a press outcry at the time that the bbc banned the series from foreign sales , since it was deemed to have portrayed britain 's police and criminal justice system in such a wholly unfavourable light .
the article claimed that the dragons either pulled out of the deals over minor technicalities , deliberately offered heavily unfavourable terms to the entrepreneurs in an effort to make them withdraw , or simply broke off all contact with them after the recording .
faced with no buyers , potential leasers willing to operate the lines only on terms unfavourable to the province , and in vernor smith a minister of railways who vigorously supported public ownership , brownlee 's government opted to take over direct operation of the lines in 1927 .
individual unfavourable rulings have harmed the group financially to a lesser degree .
the edicts which legislated against pagans , beginning with constantius , would in time have an unfavourable influence on the middle ages and become the basis of the much - abused inquisition .
hence the enthalpy of mixing is positive ( unfavourable ) , but the contribution of entropy to the free energy of solution stabilises the structure for low carbon content . also is the minimum temperature at which iron - carbon austenite ( 0.8 wt% c ) is stable ; at this temperature there is a eutectoid reaction between ferrite , austenite and cementite .
the american historian john lukacs in a very unfavourable book review in the 19 august 1977 edition of " national review " called " hitler 's war " a worthless book while walter laqueur when reviewing " hitler 's war " in the " the new york times book review " of 3 april 1977 accused irving of selective use of the historical record in hitler 's favour .
montfort , facing such unfavourable numbers , decided to concentrate his forces on the centre of the enemy ’s front , hoping to drive a wedge through the line .
upon taking charge in bangkok he tried to have the legation ( built 1876 ) moved to land at the royal bangkok sports club due to its nearness to the river and generally unfavourable position .
day students and weekly boarders may have a different and perhaps unfavourable view of the day school system , as compared to children who attend day schools without any boarding facilities .
he also portrayed his former master agrippa in an unfavourable light , but did not publish the work until after agrippa 's death .
pasminco called in administrators in september 2001 , and was declared bankrupt after it made unfavourable hedge positions that contributed to the company 's insolvency .
it created unfavourable climate for more far conversations coalition po - pis
however , negative criticism exists of the school as it censors open talk about many unfavourable aspects and monitors the ongoings and online communication regarding the image and opinions of the school .
despite unfavourable conditions , the proconsul decided to intercept the carthaginians and ordered his fleet to prepare for battle .
several other nnrtis underwent clinical development but were discontinued due to unfavourable pharmacokinetic , efficacy and/or safety factors .
aac and ev have in the past campaigned to elect candidates and parties with positions favourable to animal rights and the environment , respectively , and to oppose those with unfavourable positions .
mym realizes satan 's underlying objective , and forces a confrontation on terms unfavourable to satan — he travels to the doomsday clock , a signifier of how close the world is at any given time to armageddon , and there employs the powers specific to his office to escalate world violence and bring war to ultimate fruition —
a very large variety of unfavourable and changing environmental conditions is encountered ... many of which are impossible to predict .
the adoption of section 31 was probably meant to avoid an unfavourable reaction against the " charter " from the provinces .
in 1801 , although recoveries were made , conditions were unfavourable and the wreck was already silted up .
under parliamentary conditions that were exceedingly unfavourable , and in an atmosphere charged with corruption , venality and subserviency , he had created a party before which ministers had begun to quail , and had inoculated the protestant constituencies with a genuine spirit of liberty and self - reliance .
most of the west façade was finished by 1270 , though work on the towers proceeded more slowly , partly due to the unfavourable rock strata beneath the site .
the following ode to autumn is no unfavourable specimen . "
in addition , the favoured authors may themselves be biased or paid to produce results that support their overall political , social , or economic goals in ways such as selecting small favourable data sets and not incorporating larger unfavourable data sets .
termination may occur at the height of unfavourable conditions , such as in the middle of winter .
focusing on the two leading british banks in the region ( hongkong and shanghai banking corporation and chartered bank of india , australia and china ) , it assesses the favourable and unfavourable effects of the british presence in china , with particular emphasis on shanghai , and traces instructive links between the changing political climate and banknote circulation volumes .
it was with great pain that i witnessed such a radical and unfavourable change in it after september 1973 .
buddhism , once a thriving religion , declined in the absence of the royal patronage , as also because of the unfavourable attitude of the sunga kings towards buddhism and the sangha .
the islamic council complained that the respondent mr. lamb , a candidate in a federal election , had expressed some unfavourable opinions about muslims in an electioneering - pamphlet .
france is the country that has the most favourable views of jews in europe ( 82% ) , next to the netherlands , and the third country with the least unfavourable views ( 16% ) next to the uk and the netherlands .
initial reactions to the band had been unfavourable ; they won a poll for " the best worst band in the world " in the music magazine " nme " .
joseph p. kennedy , the u.s. ambassador to britain urged president franklin d. roosevelt and the studio head harry cohn to cease showing the film overseas because " it will cause our allies to view us in an unfavourable light " .
at whitsun , 1777 , william burness removed his large family from the unfavourable conditions of mount oliphant to the farm at lochlea , near tarbolton , where they stayed until william burness ' death in 1784 .
mitsubishi ceased to import the diamante to north america after 2004 due to a decline in sales and unfavourable exchange rates .
the american public had a highly unfavourable view of south vietnam , due to the self - immolations and pagoda attacks .
brownlee recommended against acceptance of the latter offer , believing that the price was too low , the terms of payment too unfavourable ( none would be made until 1930 , and the interest rate applied was only one and a half percent —
however , it did not develop any further due to the convection being disorganised , unfavourable wind shear , and was embedded within the south pacific convergence zone .
it sires small , fast - growing calves and is noted for its hardiness under unfavourable climatic conditions .
globalive 's plans were cast into doubt by an unfavourable decision by canada 's telecommunications regulator , the canadian radio - television and telecommunications commission ( crtc ) , which ruled that the company failed to meet regulatory requirements for canadian ownership .
uppermost in their minds was the perception that a lack of professionalism was emerging that was generating an unfavourable image amongst client companies and contractors .
clinical trials which upjohn had withheld from publishing showed a very unfavourable risk benefit ratio with 9.9% of patients dropping out of one triazolam study versus 1.9% of trial subjects taking a comparison benzodiazepine , flurazepam .
the locarno discussion arose from exchanges of notes between the united kingdom , france and germany over the summer of 1925 following german foreign minister gustav stresemann 's february 9 proposal for a reciprocal of his country 's western frontiers as established under the unfavourable 1919 treaty of versailles , as a means of facilitating germany 's diplomatic rehabilitation among the western powers .
it was also reported to have unsuccessfully attempted to censor unfavourable comments from a critical report by the policy exchange think tank .
because of the strain of a newly forming country , and unfavourable changes in us tax law , some businesses failed during the period from 1980 to 1985 .
the bourbon courts of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were particularly unfavourable to them until the suppression of the society of jesus .
gosat was launched along with seven other piggyback probes using the h - iia , japan 's primary large - scale expendable launch system , at 3:54 am on january 23 , 2009 utc on tanegashima , a small island in southern japan , after a two - day delay due to unfavourable weather .
poland , germany , spain have , for instance , less favourable views of jews ( respectively 54% , 58% , and 61% ) and more unfavourable views of jews ( respectively 27% , 20% , 21% ) .
they concluded that poor italian air surveillance had prevented quick reaction by the italian heavy units , handing the tactical advantage to the british of avoiding contact in unfavourable conditions .
his religiosity made him unpopular among the nazi hierarchy and he was on unfavourable terms with reichsmarschall hermann göring and hitler .
uncertainties of this type are reliable and robust and withstand computer simulations , even under unfavourable conditions
public reaction to the interim rate of 4d was unfavourable and they felt cheated that the agreed reduction to the uniform rate of 1d had not taken place .
the press unfavourable to băsescu interpreted the footage as " hitting with his fist " , whereas the press favorable to băsescu either interpreted it as a push , or called the footage fake .
a ride based on the sinking of the titanic drew unfavourable press attention in great britain and was criticized by a survivor of the wreck as tasteless exploitation .
diverse soil and climatic conditions ranging from hot , humid tropics of kerala to sub - tropical conditions of sub - himalayan regions have not been unfavourable to its growth .
this is a sly reference to the observation that unfavourable comparisons are frequently made between aberford , a village two miles north of micklefield which is said to have more character , a better postcode , higher property prices and less industrial baggage , than new micklefield .
a special case is the existence of " struktureller leerstand " ( long - term or structural vacancy ) resulting from an imbalance in the market or from unfavourable characteristics of the subject property .
the plan which he laid to attack it in the golfe jouan in june may possibly have served to some extent as an inspiration , if not as a model , to nelson ( who has been recorded as saying that hood was " the greatest sea officer i ever knew . " ) for the battle of the nile , but the wind was unfavourable , and the attack could not be carried out .
and won them their first unfavourable reviews : " apple - cheeked ade has a complexion that would turn a devon milkmaid green with envy " reported the nme .
also , wood 's coin was only one example of unfavourable economic practices that hurt ireland ; the irish wanted to have their own national bank and authority to print their own coinage , and wood 's coin became a way to express their economic - nationalist desires .
and the proclamation stated that the recall of the king would create an unfavourable situation between greece and the great powers , and that in the event of that recall taking place the great powers would " reserve to themselves complete liberty in dealing with the situation thus created . "
the term derives from the much older term dilemma , a choice between two difficult or unfavourable alternatives .
if conditions are unfavourable , individuals may enter a state of torpor .
it is largely absent from most of the south coast of the main island because of unfavourable topography .
clinical research is done on the use of i - rtx as an analgesic agent , although several drawbacks have been mentioned : complex chemical structure , high costs of production , and relatively unfavourable pharmacokinetic characteristics .
this mode of transport was common where sailing was impractical due to rapid current , tunnels and bridges , or unfavourable winds .
this is either because the domains are not folded entirely correctly or because the small adjustments required for their interaction are energetically unfavourable , such as the removal of water from the domain interface .
this is a calculated and risky decision : if the serve will land in an unfavourable position to the receiver then one might contemplate to take this action .
the second stage , hauling back and forth between hut point and the bluff , proved more problematic , with unfavourable weather , a difficult barrier surface , and more dissension between mackintosh and joyce over methods .
however , the situation usually takes a turn for the worse after she starts to make unfavourable comments about her neighbours , family , or home help visitors .
initial government reaction was unfavourable , but his persistence and enthusiasm paid off and by november the scheme had support from sir george murray , secretary for war and the colonies , and had gained an unstoppable momentum .
in his first season he did little of note , but in 1949 , despite unfavourable pitches , shackleton became the mainstay of hampshire 's attack .
in 1998 , he announced his withdrawal from politics , following a comical sketch in private tv station which presented him and his private life in a very unfavourable light .
these are used to survive periods of time that are unfavourable to growth , such as winter or while nutrients are depleted .
this means a loss in height , but it may be preferable to tacking towards a shallow reef or other unfavourable position .
the construction manager on behalf of the rousse municipality was georg lang ( because the architect offered unfavourable conditions ) , while on behalf of the contractors the manager was frank scholz .
glaxosmithkline developed this metabolite as a separate drug called radafaxine , but discontinued development in 2006 due to " an unfavourable risk / benefit
after some initial success , the sdp did not prosper ( partly due to its unfavourable distribution of votes in the fptp electoral system ) , and was accused by some of splitting the anti - conservative vote .
the weather conditions were very unfavourable for landing at rabat / salé and fast changing and deteriorating minutes before the accident .
despite unfavourable growing conditions ( atmospheric pollution from london , dry soils and low rainfall ) kew remains one of the most comprehensive plant collections in britain .
in 1270 louis landed on the african coast in july , a very unfavourable season for landing .
it was a relatively uncommon practice in canada , since the short construction season was considered unfavourable for poured concrete walls .
several other notes from this time mentions the town in similar , unfavourable , words .
created from a chalk quarry where there was little soil and very unfavourable conditions for plant growth the chalk garden at highdown is the achievement of sir frederick stern and his wife , who purchased the in 1909 and worked for 50 years to prove that plants would grow on chalk .
diapause frequently ends prior to the end of unfavourable conditions and is followed by a state of quiescence from which the insect can arouse and begin direct development , should conditions change to become more favourable .
he headed harrow at a difficult time for british public schools generally , with unfavourable political environment and many financial pressures .
thus they passed twice in sight of the english fleet , unable to intercept because of the adverse wind and an unfavourable tide .
shortly afterward , it weakened to a tropical depression due to unfavourable conditions .
although playing for an " unfavourable " club , the wales full back position became free during the 1928/29 season and the selectors decided to choose the player from the newport vs penarth game .
his findings also ran against the conventional wisdom that diseases spread in the form of " bad air " , also known as miasmas or vaguely as " unfavourable atmospheric - cosmic - terrestrial influences " .
unfavourable comparisons between nhs waiting lists in england and wales were a contentious issue in the first and second assemblies .
in 1994 , franjo tuđman changed his policies towards bosnia after diplomatic pressure from the united states as well as un security council which was very unfavourable to safe future of western bosnia .
wanzlick and schikora believed that once prepared these carbenes existed in an unfavourable equilibrium with their corresponding dimers .
patients with chronic heart failure prefer to lie mostly on the right side , to avoid unfavourable autonomic modulation that occurs during sleep , whereby cardiac output is augmented .
that is , when a certain trait is present , positive feedback regarding this trait is judged to be more accurate than unfavourable feedback ; but when in the presence of the alternative trait , there is n’t any difference in the judgement of the feedback accuracy .
this was to overcome the stuart period in england where judges favourable to the crown were appointed and unfavourable judges were removed .
it is usually a permanent resident throughout its range , although birds at the extreme north of its range may migrate short distances , and others across their range may undergo local movements in unfavourable conditions .
he is also mentioned in an unfavourable anecdote in thomas of marga 's " book of governors " .
according to sheikh abdullah this effort was not successful because of the unfavourable reception of the idea by the non muslim parties .
her experiences of germany formed the foundation of her first published collection , " in a german pension " , in 1911 , a work that was lauded by a number of critics ( and enjoyed for its unfavourable portrayal of germans ) but that she later described as " immature " .
after the peace of zsitvatorok and the unfavourable result of the wars with persia , sultan ahmed i decided to build a large mosque in istanbul to placate allah .
opinions about the architecture merits of the college have varied , although most have been unfavourable .
this attack was elaborately answered in dutch by h. van quellenburgh ( " vindicfie batavicae " , amst . , 2684 ) , but made more noise because arnauld drew from it some material unfavourable to protestantism for his " apologie pour les catholiques " ( 1681 ) , and so brought on the traveller a ferocious onslaught in jurieu 's " esprit de m. arnauld " ( 2684 ) .
in general , there is consensus that if vines are cropped with a very high amount of grape clusters , a poor wine will result because of slow and insufficient ripening of the grapes , due to an unfavourable leaf to fruit ratio .
these portrayed the demonstrators in unfavourable terms and stressed the support of at least the middle class citizens of milan for the military .
walter finds himself in unfavourable circumstances on many occasions ; although he sometimes gets the " last laugh " .
due to the unfavourable alignment of the property , the building 's design required adjustment along a slightly turned axis .
as it happened , unfavourable weather developed over the tasman and the flight was deferred , so it is not known if or how kingsford smith would have heeded the cable .
during unfavourable conditions , a snail will remain inside its shell , usually under rocks or other hiding places to avoid being discovered by predators .
presently run by the country 's official opposition democratic alliance , it drew unfavourable press in april 2009 when jacobus hoffman , a da councillor , reported local ward chairman and the municipality 's contracted attorney andre odendaal to the public protector , accusing him of fraud and corruption .
the victory allowed the poles to revoke the unfavourable peace of buczacz and set the stage for the role sobieski was to play in the battle of vienna in 1683 .
the poor performance of the west indian team led to some unfavourable comment .
darwin was well prepared to see at once that this related to de candolle 's concept of " nature 's war " and also applies to the struggle for existence amongst wildlife , so that when there is more population than resources can maintain , favourable variations that allow the organism to better use the limited resources available tend to be preserved , and unfavourable ones destroyed by being unable to get the means for existence , resulting in the formation of new species .
failure to prepare and follow the principles of bushwalking could result in an unfavourable outcome .
due to unfavourable circumstances , however , he could not even complete his education .
in other words , progressed and transiting movements of the planets indicate phases in the individual 's life when the potential shown in the natal chart will be given opportunities for development , whether through favourable or unfavourable circumstances
the political situation — an alliance between the fascist regime and the catholic church from 1933 to 1938 followed by hitler ’s conquest of austria and the second world war — was highly unfavourable to the development of austrian buddhism .
paul teunissen 's review of the same book criticizes elst for the unfavourable portrayal of syed shahabuddin .
his own theory of motion was held up from publication by unfavourable peer review by wallis , in 1667 ; a revision was communicated to the society on 29 april 1669 .
the agreement was highly unfavourable to henry and edward , but it must be assumed that they agreed to it under duress , since edward was held hostage by the barons after the defeat at lewes .
however , unfavourable winds drove the vessel back to the harbour of tabraca , where the inhabitants were eager to display their new loyalty by throwing gildo in the dungeons .
jovian continued the retreat begun by julian and , continually harassed by the persians , succeeded in reaching the banks of the tigris where jovian , deep inside sassanid territory , was forced to sue for a peace treaty on humiliatingly unfavourable terms .
the process was not received well by some industry commentators , such as the founder of " stereophile " magazine , j. gordon holt , who in december 1964 wrote a highly unfavourable article entitled " down with dynagroove ! " .
the funds needed for the large armies raised during the war however exceeded the income of the respective warlords from those taxes , and forced them to resort to additional , unfavourable measures such as borrowing of money and currency depreciation .
the greek prime minister , alexandros papagos , was not unfavourable to this idea .
to avoid such an unfavourable development , white players have changed the move - order to keep the bc1 on its original square as long as possible , so that it can help the defence .
this unfavourable situation led to an armed revolt in 1562 , which was defeated by john sigismund .
the european court of justice decided in " dekker v stichtig vormingscentrum voor jone volwassen ( vjv - centrum ) plus " that pregnancy discrimination was sex discrimination without any requirement for comparing this unfavourable treatment to a man .
water distribution was also a contentious issue , it was considered unfavourable to sindhi agriculture .
however , it was unfavourable received by fans who panned it in online forums as being " neither here nor there " .
the failure of the italian offensive demonstrated the vulnerability of massed armoured advances in unfavourable terrain and against a coherent infantry defence .
[ therefore she ] had to accept [ these authors ] unfavourable opinion[s ] of women since it was unlikely that so many learned men , who seemed to be endowed with such great intelligence and insight into all things , could possibly have lied on so many different occasions .
despite this supposed non - interference policy , malaysia during mahathir 's premiership had been constantly criticising singapore , but would take the slightest unfavourable comment coming from singapore as an attempt to interfere in the domestic affairs of malaysia .
the main purposes of cross - examination are to elicit favorable facts from the witness , or to impeach the credibility of the testifying witness to lessen the weight of unfavourable testimony .
though i have on that account appeared in an unfavourable light to some of those who are known or unknown to me , though i have been abused and even calumniated , i find a sufficient consolation in my own conscience . "
anne carroll moore , the american children 's librarian who urged her to publish in her last years and generally expressed an enthusiasm for the later works , had an unfavourable opinion of the book .
political suicide is the concept that a politician or political party would lose widespread support and confidence from the voting public by proposing actions that are seen as unfavourable or that might threaten the status quo .
fullarton commenced a series of open enquiries on allegations against picton and reported his unfavourable views on picton 's past actions at length to meetings of the commission .
the king would occasionally enact laws unfavourable to sweden .
the 18th century brought several unfavourable events .
if the chickens refused to come out or eat , uttered a cry , beat their wings , or flew away , the signs were considered unfavourable .
since then , he has been living a life of somewhat like a loser , getting fired almost every time he gets a new job , mostly due to the unfavourable look his sunglasses and goatee give him .
several steps can be taken to turn this " unfavourable " reaction into a favourable one .
this life - history strategy has probably evolved both in response to the challenges of living at sea ( collecting widely scattered prey items ) , the frequency of breeding failures due to unfavourable marine conditions , and the relative lack of predation compared to that of land - living birds .
the flesh has stone cells and a gritty texture that is generally considered unfavourable for edible consumption , despite its appealing taste .
in unfavourable areas will also need to be tackled .
in complexes with these ligands , it is unfavourable to put electrons into the high energy orbitals .
so if one claimant lives in state x , where courts and laws are unfavourable to their claim , but another claimant lives in the more favorable jurisdiction of state y , they may bring a class action together in state y. strictly speaking , state y must not adjudicate the claim unless it is found that the applicable law is similar or identical in both states , but as a practical matter this rule is often disregarded in favor of efficient resolution of claims .
the performance of industry lags behind the rest of the country and the product structure is unfavourable with not enough high quality , high value - added products .
both belgium and the us were clearly influenced in their unfavourable stance towards lumumba by the cold war .
during the second ashes test at adelaide in december 2006 , hoggard took 8 wickets in the match , with first innings figures of 7/109 , in very unfavourable bowling and especially swing bowling conditions , though england still lost .
balfour was unwilling to move beyond the cautious protectionism that he had endorsed shortly after chamberlain 's resignation , and had no inclination to announce an early general election , for by - election results were comprehensively unfavourable for the unionists .
at this time , beyond the fact that the country was one of dense jungle , and therefore most unfavourable for military operations , the british knew little of the interior of upper burma ; but british steamers had for years been running on the great river highway of the irrawaddy river , from rangoon to mandalay , and it was obvious that the quickest and most satisfactory method of carrying out the british campaign was an advance by water direct on the capital .
throughout his life , dmowski maintained that the british prime minister david lloyd george had been bribed by a syndicate of german - jewish financiers to give poland what dmowski considered to be an unfavourable frontier with germany .
bryden agreed to pay creditors a total of $ 600,000 on the debt , which was induced by high player salaries and unfavourable exchange rates .
bolt defied unfavourable conditions at the athletissima meet in july , running 19.59 seconds into a 0.9 m / s headwind and rain , to record the fourth fastest time ever over 200 m , one hundredth off gay 's best time .
some commentators ( for example whicher ) have speculated that the poem is autobiographical , inspired by emerson 's shock at the unfavourable reception of the divinity school address .
in the irregular fighting in lincolnshire , during june and july ( which was on the whole unfavourable to the parliament ) , as previously in pacifying the eastern association itself , these puritan troopers distinguished themselves by long and rapid marches that may bear comparison with almost any in the history of the mounted arm .
