however , on 8 august 1935 , the board announced that bradman was unfit and that he was withdrawing from the squad ; yet he led the south australia team in a full programme of matches in the absence of the australian players .
the spa water was declared unfit for human consumption in the 1930s and the spa tap room was sealed off .
the all - rounder keith miller played , but was unfit to bowl .
with trembling hand i shall cultivate sensibility , and cherish delicacy of sentiment , lest , whilst i lend fresh blushes to the rose , i sharpen the thorns that will wound the breast i would fain guard – i dread to unfold her mind , lest it should render her unfit for the world she is to inhabit – hapless woman ! what a fate is thine !
she had surgery on her shin in late 2008 and , although she had a metal plate removed in june 2009 , she declared herself unfit for the 2009 world championships .
velshi also described annan 's eventual successor ban ki - moon , as unfit for the position , accusing him of bribery and of holding anti - american views .
fed shreds are the nickname for paper money that the united states government finds unfit to be kept in circulation .
although it is not mentioned in " unfit for command " , thurlow himself was awarded a bronze star for his actions during the same incident .
during world war i , goodwin was examined and considered temporarily unfit for military duty because he was suffering from miner 's black lung and bad teeth .
species can live in the same environment , yet show very limited gene flow due to limited hybridization or hybridization yielding unfit hybrids .
he is yet to make an appearance for either the senior national team or the u20s , but were it not for a damaging cruciate ligaments injury in 2008 which rendered him unfit to play for 7 months it has been widely suggested that he surely would have .
zamzama was severely damaged due to its use in wars told above and it had to be brought back to lahore , unfit for any further use .
the plot follows vindice 's quest to undo this new order , responsible for the death of his beloved and unfit to rule .
his opponents accused him of being a " chilean - born " peruvian unfit for office .
first , there is a secret blood camp ; " basti " dwellers that are infirm , aged or otherwise unfit are secretly abducted and their blood ( all of it ) is involuntarily extracted to supply british war campaigns elsewhere .
and finally , it eliminated unfit men from the ranks .
, he was declared unfit for service in world war i and devoted his adolescence to intellectual pursuits .
when the [ lesbian ] relationship became public , she immediately sought to award sole custody of rebecca to martin , citing sonia 's sexual orientation as the reason she would be an unfit mother .
as a result said is deemed unfit to run the muslims .
" mohawk 's " old and damaged boilers with her poor general condition from wartime use proved her unfit for further service .
plans were made to make the theatre a chamber theatre of the national theatre , but it was found unfit for the task .
carpentier defeated thesz when thesz was deemed unfit to continue due to back injury , and while some nwa territories recognized carpentier as champion , the nwa voided his victory .
in june 2004 , regnery agreed to publish " unfit for command " by former swift boat veteran john o'neill and veteran author dr. jerome corsi .
government - employed doctors propose cutting george 's life even shorter by examining his brain before he can die a natural death , and argue that if he objects to their plan , the objection itself would be proof that he is mentally unfit to make such a decision , and that the government would then proceed with the examination anyway .
in some units , this meant reservists made up over 50% of the battalion strength ; throughout the force , 36.5% of men were listed as unfit for foreign service .
exempted were those who took the military service prior the study , those unfit for the service for health reason and women .
however with the increase in pollution around mumbai , the arabian sea is unfit for swimming although it is less polluted at gorai than at the other beaches in mumbai .
although he felt that he was unfit to preach , contemporary records reveal that he was a powerful and moving speaker , converting many to methodism .
his declining health negatively affected the many attempts to prosecute suharto on charges of corruption and human rights violations , as his lawyers successfully claimed that his condition rendered him unfit for trial .
his professional career was quickly over , as he suffered a career - ending injury and was declared medically unfit to play football .
the majority , rejected as unfit for work , were deported to belzec and killed or were shot at the piaski ravine , located just north of the camp .
the is also a ' mini zoo ' that shelters wild animals which have become unfit for survival in the local forest and some inmates of the zoo are very rare species .
the wartime need for oil tankers was so great that only vessels unfit for convoy work were available to agar .
jody is often presumed to be medically unfit for service , a 4f in world war ii parlance .
about 22% of the offices in the central business district were rendered unusable and over half of the houses in that area were deemed unfit to live in .
they speculated on how best to do this and it was decided that they must all be as one mind , each believing as one unit all that there is and with that hivemind mentality and oneness they would rise up above the city , together pooling their energies and at the instant they would know that the doorway was open to walking with the gods they would all purge themselves of all base desires and emotions and any feeling , yearning , craving they deemed unfit for a god .
it is said that , when the caliph wanted to appoint him as a judge , he refused , saying he was unfit for the post .
the red cross had already condemned marlag nord as unfit and unsanitary .
most of the buildings remained in residential use up until 1966 when they were declared as unfit for living in .
by the 1980s , three out of four of the lodges were derelict and unfit for human habitation .
the court concluded that while the rescue plans brumby approved and supervised " were logical , intelligent , and were diligently executed with good judgment and the greatest possible expedition , " brumby himself had demonstrated he was unfit to command the control force and should be removed . "
fewer than 20 people remained at fort saint louis , primarily women , children , and those deemed unfit , as well as seven soldiers and three missionaries with whom la salle was unhappy .
morons , according to goddard , were unfit for society and should be removed from society either through institutionalization , sterilization , or both .
also on the 15th , fiji television quoted the prime minister as saying that chaudhry was " unstable " and unfit to lead the country .
laing spent a couple of years as a psychiatrist in the british army ( royal army medical corps ; drafted despite his asthma that made him unfit for combat ) , where he found an interest in communicating with mentally distressed people .
declared medically unfit for military service during world war i , birkett used the time to make up for his late entry into the legal profession and was made a king 's counsel in 1924 ( known as queen 's counsel since the 1952 accession of elizabeth ii ) .
in what may be a one - off occasion , it returned during the australian tour in 2005 following a decision that the pitch at hamilton 's westpac park was unfit for cricket .
admitting that she has been an unfit queen , she takes off her crown and places it on darine 's head .
although he was recalled to his regiment in 1810 for service in spain , he was unable to attend due to recurring bouts of malaria , and spent much of the period between 1809 and 1814 in hospitals or his father 's home in stalbridge , especially after wellington had decreed that no men who served in walcheren were to be sent to the peninsula as they were unfit for further service .
during this time , one expert , dr. scott theriault , said that despres was unfit to stand trial due to the fact he believe despres had paranoid schizophrenia .
he was ruled unfit for trial on grounds of mental incompetence .
according to s. p. mackenzie , " callous self - interest and a desire for retribution played a role in the fate " of german prisoners , and he exemplifies by pointing out that sick or otherwise unfit prisoners were forcibly used for labor , and in france and the low countries this also included work such as highly dangerous mine - clearing ; " by september 1945 it was estimated by the french authorities that two thousand prisoners were being maimed and killed each month in accidents "
by 1740 years building was considered unfit for use .
he was found unfit for combat duty , but was assigned to service involving the care of war prisoners .
ultimately it is kamaraj who counts - not others , candidates or even voters who are anyway unfit to judge what is right and good for them !
during jury selection , zerkin successfully prevented a colleague of a 11 victim from presiding on the jury , calling him unfit , though the man stated that he had not attended the victim 's funeral and did not believe that all terrorists should receive the death penalty .
when the lieutenant 's battalion commander asks about the status of his platoon , the lieutenant snaps and tries to assault him — all the while moaning and crying — clearly unfit to lead soldiers in combat .
testimony was heard depicting the mother as an unfit parent ; vanderbilt 's mother lost the battle and vanderbilt became the ward of her aunt gertrude .
again before the fifth game , hašek declared himself unfit to play and buffalo lost 6–3 , losing the series in five games .
during the events of the books , her mixed heritage and female gender cause problems with several people in the british high command who see her as unfit to command ; however she gains the support of winston churchill and the british royal family .
among other actions , breggin wrote scientific critiques of psychosurgery , participated in court cases against psychosurgery , and worked with the u.s. congress to form the psychosurgery commission that declared the treatment experimental and unfit for routine clinical use .
the school in oberhattert was , after comprehensive repairs already held to have become unfit for use in 1887 , but new building or a conversion could not be done owing to a lack of money and differences of opinion among those responsible .
antonina and alisa did not go back to moscow since the mother was afraid that the little girl was still unfit for such a journey .
the unit assembled in rangoon in september to be judged unfit to proceed further until re - equipped .
in may 2007 , un watch and freedom house submitted a joint report on an election to the united nations human rights council , stating that candidates angola , belarus , egypt and qatar were unfit to sit on the human rights body , because they themselves violated rights .
matron cofelia of the five - straighten , classabindi nursery fleet , intergalactic class was charged with the task of looking after the adipose babies after their breeding planet became unfit for use in " partners in crime " . disguised as a human named miss foster , a play on " foster mother " , she used the adipose tablets to galvanise human fats into living creatures , the adipose , despite it being illegal to use level 5 planets for such purposes .
finally , he was responsible for appointing chief justice roger b. taney who would decide , in scott v. sandford ( 1857 ) , that negroes were " beings of an inferior order , and altogether unfit to associate with the white race ... and so far inferior that they had no rights which the white man was bound to respect .
shell said that later events proved nixon unfit for the presidency : " i felt then that nixon was bad for the party , and watergate and the subsequent stain he left proved me right . "
an emperor who cares for nothing but his wardrobe hires two weavers who promise him the finest suit of clothes from a fabric invisible to anyone who is unfit for his position or " just hopelessly stupid " .
however , archduchess maria elisabeth 's chances of becoming queen of france were destroyed by smallpox which terribly scarred her face , making her unfit for marriage .
legislation sponsored by stender includes : a-2330 , which creates a low interest mortgage loan program in the nj housing and mortgage finance agency for volunteer firefighters , emergency medical squads , and emergency rescue squads ; a-2753 , which requires the port authority of new york and new jersey to use transported remains of victims of the september 11 , 2001 attacks in a memorial ; a-2930 , which permits municipalities to place stop signs on certain intersections near schools , playgrounds , and youth recreational facilities ; a-3345 , which provides public safety members in federal or state military service who are injured or killed with disability or death benefits ; a-3502 , which provides municipalities with equal funding for new construction where the existing facilities are considered unfit for rehabilitation for health and safety reasons .
ab-2 " later was found unfit for further coast guard service and was transferred to the united states shipping board on 18 march 1925 for disposal .
as the local depots became institutions in the economic life of average farmers , the organization and many other peasants continued to complain about other issues they found unjust , namely : the arbitrary standards used for examination , which meant that significant amounts of harvested cocoa were discarded as unfit for sale ; and the low prices they received for the accepted produce that reached the marketplace .
in any case , neither could be used : an arch bridge would not have met the height and width restrictions imposed by the admiralty , and suspension bridges were notoriously unfit for carrying railway trains .
by the myth of two ages , seung says , plato expresses his realization that the kallipois is unfit for our age because we are living in the age of zeus rather than in the age of kronos .
in some cases , parents ' rights have been terminated when their ethnic or cultural group has been deemed unfit by the controlling government .
as the minister of civil service affairs required conducting much tedious work , xiao felt the position unfit for his lifestyle , and also declined it .
they were replaced by 360 australian walers that had originally been with the 112th cavalry in new caledonia who were deemed unfit for jungle warfare .
this quranic verse summarized islam 's attitudes towards the mentally ill , who were considered unfit to manage property but must be treated humanely and be kept under care by a guardian , according to islamic law .
he suffered from sunstroke in an early match and had to retire from the field , and was unfit to play in the next game .
he said she was an unfit mother who needed professional help .
the women that ken is shown dating ( or even married to ) in these flashbacks are frequently not given a name , and their faces are rarely shown ( especially in the flashbacks of titus 's mom , juanita [ the violent , manic - depressive schizophrenic ] , on episodes where juanita is n't the focal point of the plot , but titus does mention something about his childhood involving his insane mother , such as the flashback on the season three episode " grad school " where it showed titus being forced to live with his mother [ who is wearing an army jacket , white go - go boots , and no pants or underwear ] after a social worker accuses ken of being an unfit father ) .
in 1759 the school had to close because the house in woodstock had decayed to the point that it was unfit to be let .
however , the khitan nobles , knowing that prince lihu was entirely unfit for the throne , refused to support her this time as they did previously with the ascension of deguang as emperor taizong .
pnc officers also have arrested a number of their own in connection with various high - profile crimes , and a " purification " process to weed out unfit personnel from throughout for force was undertaken late in 2000 .
major criticism for such model is in the lack of aggregation and unfit differentiation between buyers - those that wish to purchase immediately at any price and those that are willing to sacrifice time for discounts , eventually costing the vendor potential profits .
in patients unfit for open repair , evar plus conservative management was associated with no benefit , more complications , subsequent procedures and higher costs compared to conservative management alone .
a new york journalist visited st. paul and declared that the city was " another siberia , unfit for human habitation . "
bacon , unfit for active service , volunteered for civil defence and worked full - time in the arp ( air raid precautions ) rescue service .
sternberg , a very apt helmsman , owned a diminutive 12 ft dinghy ( zef class , excellent for day cruising but slow and utterly unfit for racing ) and often undertook arduous coastal treks , even in comparatively bad weather .
after the experience of nazi germany , many ideas about " racial hygiene " and " unfit " members of society were publicly renounced by politicians and members of the scientific community .
the military found him unfit for military service for having " antisocial personality disorder " .
opposition ( australian ) wicket - keeper ian healy , responded that he could not get a runner for being " an overweight , unfit , fat cunt " , a comment picked up by the stump microphones and broadcast on television .
schillinger begins season 1 as a cellmate of tobias beecher , a white lawyer imprisoned for vehicular manslaughter , who is also an educated family man unfit for prison life .
by a singular chance they have given me more work to do than ever before , quite regardless of the fact that in six months i shall be considered totally unfit .
selection does not optimize adaptive traits or strategies as much as it gradually eliminates unfit traits or strategies .
by 1815 , she was unfit for anything but transport duties .
first , the fleet was unfit for the work and was primarily composed of privateers .
they learn that the witch managed to convince the king that because of the curse , melora is unfit to be next in line for the throne and therefore the king decides to coronate taminella as the new queen .
the teacher also insisted meer ahmad ibrahim to leave the madarasa the very next morning , as the teacher found him unfit to continue studying at the madarasa .
many leaders at the time condemned the doctrine , as : “ unfit ' to keepe subjects in obedience to their sovereigns ” as people might “
articulate men were the ones who brought about biological evidence to support the notion that women were " unfit for the chimerical spaces that the revolution had inadvertently opened " and thus propagated the notion that they women were inferior to men .
in august , he was released as unfit for prison due to his bad health , and died shortly afterwards , two weeks before world war ii began with the german invasion of poland .
reid , a lively fast bowler as well as a batsman , was used as the second wicketkeeper and had to deputise in the fourth test for mooney , who was unfit .
many regular soldiers were in fact unfit for service , while there were no trained reservists .
green was still unfit at the start of the 2006 - 07 season , and gallacher retained his place in the side .
for west indies , desmond haynes was unfit , ending a run of 72 consecutive caps .
despite its completion in 1943 and kubitschek 's call for its consecration , it was not consecrated until 1959 ; archbishop cabral called the structure " unfit for religious purposes .
the phrase " otherwise unfit for food " , although seeming to be a catch - all , has rarely been invoked .
there was a concern about child labour and the general health of the miners : many of whom were physically unfit for military service .
" unfit to practise " is the second album from the parody duo amateur transplants .
the man credited with its invention , francis galton , says it is based on the concept that the evolution of man is crippled by the ill - conceived - those unfit to breed .
he enjoys his beer but is seldom if ever seen worse the wear for drink , and certainly not to the extent of being unfit to ride .
fredl karner , who is unfit for military service due to an amblyopia , looks the other way when he sees three of the fleeing russians at the very spot where the ss leader has just delivered his speech .
miller played , but was unfit to bowl .
a building was constructed in duisburg , but he considered it unfit , and he turned down offers from weimar , munich and berlin .
mary 's claim to the english throne quickly became an issue when mary i of england died later in 1558 , henry and his catholic advisors regarding elizabeth i unfit to reign because of her illegitimacy .
the bishop then sees taiga unfit to bear the title of king and he swears to make him pay for turning on him by gathering a massive amount of life energy to set up a coup d'état .
they faced the threat of having their children taken into state custody on the grounds that they were unfit to bring up children .
he joined the indian air force in 1948 , but was soon found ' unfit for flying ' .
on 1 january 1936 rkka possessed 506 guns of the type , of them 422 operational , 53 waiting for repair , 28 used for training , 3 unfit .
during the polish campaign he was severely wounded in the arm , and he was discharged as medically unfit in june 1940 ( hitler visited him in hospital ) .
" the origin of the quote can be traced to the 1952 election , when stevenson was informed by a reporter that peale had been attacking him as unfit for the presidency because he was divorced .
one form of eugenics was compulsory sterilization of people deemed mentally unfit .
nevertheless , the news of the incident were immediately splashed across the front pages of all the newspapers and the opposition had a field day , accusing him of cowardice and of being mentally unfit to command because of his firing on an unarmed woman .
he predicted that nairobi would become a city of beauty , although he noted that much needed to be accomplished before the ambitious municipal plan was completed and until then nairobi would remain " a slatternly creature , unfit to queen it over so lovely a country " .
upon his arrival , he determined that the headquarters of the company at fort astoria ( now astoria , oregon ) at the mouth of the columbia river was unfit .
unfit for service after the war , she was scrapped at troon , scotland , in 1948 .
" mother country " ( 2002 ) is a novel by libby purves about a young american computer expert who goes in search of the relatives of his biological mother , a teenage heroin addict in 1970s london when she had him who was pronounced an unfit mother and who died soon after giving birth to him .
further it was the assumption that these ' martial races ' tended to be hunting or agricultural cultures from hilly or mountainous regions with a history of conflict , whether internally or with external groups , who were considered better capable of enduring hardship than the inhabitants of the hot , flat plains of the country who were thought to be unwarlike and unfit for military service .
in 1945 , the then - owners ( harold lafount and arde bulova ) were declared unfit to be licensees , and were forced to divest the station , sending it off the air in 1949 .
in the second world war , he was pronounced unfit to serve by doctors who , as it turned out , were all to die before him .
ian johnson and the melbourne authorities were desperate to get the game going , but the umpires refused to be pressured as the field was quite unfit for play .
the baths are featured in a scene in the 1971 film " harold and maude " in which harold pretends to assault maude while she acts the part of a war protester , in order to convince harold 's uncle ( a high - ranking military man ) that he is unfit for service .
a second - hand stock had been bought in the 1920s and preserved at the mill , but upon examination it was found to be unfit for use .
in 424 , a group of officials , believing emperor shao to be unfit to be emperor , deposed emperor shao and placed liu yilong on the throne as emperor wen .
by the outbreak of world war i in 1914 , many of the older houses that had been built to house workers during the industrial revolution were becoming unfit for human habitation sanitation was inadequate , decay was rife , and the homes were becoming a danger to the health and safety of their inhabitants .
he was critical of the conduct of miles and was quoted by another officer as thinking the garrison ’s commander unfit to be in charge .
at that date the commission judged that despite many changes the type was still unfit for service due to its mechanical unreliability .
the match was delayed two weeks from its advertised date due to excessive frost which had made the ground " dangerously unfit for play " alcock captained the england team whilst scotland were lead by james kirkpatrick .
" the blood of the nation : a study in the decay of races by the survival of the unfit " was the title of a number of publications by the american eugenicist david starr jordan one time president of stanford university .
he was declared unfit to serve in world war ii because of illness .
if the vice president is viewed to be unfit to perform his duties and has committed crimes such as corruption and betraying the nation , the dpr can appeal to the supreme court to try the vice president .
this scenario would be consistent with the hypothesis of roberts that old or unfit males get eaten , whilst younger and fitter ones may survive to mate again .
he had served in the canadian militia prior to world war i and enlisted in the army at the beginning of world war ii but was dismissed as physically unfit .
when he finally entered the ministry ( 1884 ) , age had rendered him unfit for hard work , though he was able to enforce the new school law which the victorious right had substituted for the lay regime of 1879 ; this task consumed the last of his strength and left him unable to resume his scientific pursuits in his retirement ( 1887 ) ; his faculties soon became clouded .
historically , integrated solutions were often considered unfit to play 3d games or run graphically intensive programs such as adobe flash .
chris was angry over the whole situation and accused toni of being an unfit parent .
he was arrested in 1898 for molesting children , but a psychologist declared haarmann was mentally unfit to stand trial , and he was sent to a mental institution indefinitely .
hastings himself volunteered to serve in the armed forces , but was rejected as medically unfit .
dros delnoch is the greatest fortress in the world , a narrow pass guarded by six concentric walls and a great keep , but under abalayn its complement of defenders has been reduced to less than 10,000 men under the leadership of an unfit general .
beverly concluded that shawn and belle were unfit parents , and had a court order which allowed her to take claire away from them .
in the early 1980s , most dual - sport motorcycles had only one cylinder and weighed about 120 to 150 kilos - compared to them , the xlv with its 220 kilos ( fully fueled ) seemed to be unfit for sporty off - road driving .
the texas rangers who surrendered , especially their commander , have been described as unfit .
she continued to cruise under tucker until declared unfit for service late in 1776 .
in 1902 he was assigned command of forces in queensland until he retired , medically unfit , in 1904 .
as president - elect , he wrote and had published an article in sports illustrated , december 26 , 1960 , called which warned against the negative aspects becoming unfit in a changing world where automation and increased leisure time replaced the benefits of exercise and hard work .
conventional wisdom in england at the time surmised that adolescents were unfit for foster care .
physically unfit for combat duty , he worked as a dispatch driver during the war until he was seriously wounded .
his father , rodney ( who appears in the episodes " euphoria , part 2 " and " house training " ) , is deeply religious , while his mother is unfit to travel , due to alzheimer 's disease ; foreman also has a brother , marcus , who was incarcerated for drug possession until the season 6 episode
balangantrang also the grandson of wretikandayun from his second son , resi guru jantaka or rahyang kidul , he also considered unfit to be the successor of wretikandayun because he suffer hernia .
at 27 years of age , he was declared medically unfit to play football , due to a recurringly injured achilles tendon .
international olympic committee ( ioc ) president avery brundage deemed a domestic political statement unfit for the apolitical , international forum the olympic games were supposed to be .
both the military and the business community regarded bucaram as dangerous and unpredictable and unfit to be president , especially at a time when unprecedented income was expected to flow into the state coffers .
this option is used especially for those people who are medically unfit for a long general anaesthetic , or who are taking medications for prevention of blood clotting ( e.g. , warfarin , heparin , aspirin ) .
colonel george chatterton , the commander of the glider pilot regiment , had protested their participation as he believed they were entirely unfit for any operation .
the state department of children and families later declared ms. crocket an unfit mother and during the investigation she informed investigators that pastore was the father .
initially , greenberg was classified unfit for service due to flat feet .
most legal systems reserve a power to the court to remove arbitrators who are unfit to act , or are not impartial .
it is in one - day cricket where he has been used most frequently in 2005 , and despite only playing one game in nottinghamshire 's county championship campaign , he remains useful in this format when any seamers are declared unfit .
gen. henry w. halleck , commander of the department of the missouri , who considered him unfit for duty .
during his 1800 campaign for the presidency , he had to contend with critics who argued that he was unfit to hold office because he did not have orthodox religious beliefs .
children can be taken away in special " scandal " squares that show the unfit parent holding the child on the television news .
despite trollope ’s efforts at the restoration of the great hall , next to southwell minster , as a bishop ’s palace , the ecclesiastical commissioners thought it unfit for purpose and the first bishop of southwell lived for a time at thurgarton priory .
the warden was made the first rector of the college by the pope ; but cardinal allen judged him unfit , though he described him as " an honest and friendly man and a great advancer of the students ' and seminaries ' cause " ( letter to dr. lewis , 12 may 1579 ) .
in 1942 sawyer , who had been wounded in north africa and was deemed unfit for combat missions , organised and led the howling commandos , bull mcgiveney 's maulers , jim morita 's nisei squad , and sgt bob jenkin 's the missouri marauders as well as the deadly dozen .
in 1817 he deemed the area unfit for white settlement .
he was charged with assault but was declared mentally unfit to stand trial and was sentenced to mental treatment ; however , he missed many of his appointments , and in 1999 he threatened another neighbor with a bullwhip and a machete over property rights to an adjacent vacant lot .
in 1996 the club dropped back into the essex senior league , following a rule change which deemed the sloping pitch at catons lane to be unfit for the league .
more racial issues arise however as those three inmates harass a new white inmate unfit for prison .
the royal hospital chelsea is a retirement home and nursing home for british soldiers who are unfit for further duty due to injury or old age , located in the chelsea region of central london .
even if they are deemed unfit to be sold in goodwill 's retail stores , these items can be sold as bulk lots , and thus can still generate income .
due to a flapper 's small size it is unfit for use against a blazing forest fire or large burning fields .
at the end of june 2006 , he did a series of interviews in which he criticised john reid for claiming that the home office was " unfit for purpose " , and that the prime minister ought to have defended him to enable him to continue seeing through the reforms he had initiated when first appointed to the post .
a decision was reached at 16:45 to " start evacuating the population unfit for military service from the municipalities of knin , benkovac , obrovac , drniš and gračac . "
she also took care of 48 children she had gathered " from the streets or from the unfit parents " until she was able to find " suitable homes for them " .
in 1990 , it was gibbs that made the decision , controversial at the time , to rule wally lewis unfit to play for the kangaroos .
englishman francis galton used the term eugenics to refer to his ideas for applying domestic animal breeding techniques to humans , to produce a ' pure ' and ' good ' elite ; the idea became an intellectual fad , promoted by people as diverse as margaret sanger and dog writer leon fradley whitney , who both promoted the sterilization of ' unfit ' humans ; ideas that were extended horrifyingly by the nazis in world war ii era germany .
in january 1943 600 men out of 1000 were unfit for work owing to beri beri and skin conditions .
he told gambier " i never saw a man so unfit for the command of a fleet as your lordship . "
the " tragic mulatta " often appeared in novels intended for women , also , and some of the character 's appeal lay in the lurid fantasy of a person just like them suddenly cast into a lower social class after the discovery of a small amount of " black blood " that renders her unfit for proper marriage .
mr. wilder , one of the fellows , but a man of harsh temper and violent passions , and consequently extremely unfit to win the affections and guide the disposition of a youth , simple , ingenuous , thoughtless and unguarded .
the duke declared gamay , which was a higher - yielding grape than pinot noir in the 14th century as it is today , unfit for human consumption and banned the use of organic fertilizer ( manure ) , which probably increased yields even further to the detriment of quality .
the royal commission and its aftermath were poorly handled , and following pressure from the public , media , and politicians , combined with revelations by " voyager " former executive officer that stevens may have been unfit for command , a second royal commission was opened in 1967 .
by 1821 the palace too had fallen into ruin and an act of parliament was passed which stated that it was unfit for habitation .
after being condemned as unfit for further service , " nantucket " was sold at auction in washington , d.c. on 14 november 1900 .
the original 1906 act authorized the secretary of agriculture to inspect and condemn any meat product found unfit for human consumption .
the album 's title track encourages drug - addicted women to have an abortion rather than to allow their children to be raised by unfit mothers .
in a post - match interview after the match against ireland clerc stated to the french tv channel france 2 that he " never would have been able to score a hat - trick if shane horgan had been playing . " horgan and clerc have had a long rivalry and , unfortunately for ireland , horgan was unfit to play .
sixteen days later he failed a physical psychological exam and was given a selective service class of 4-f ( unfit for military service ) .
brooke , however , applied pressure to keep alexander in italy , considering him unfit for the assignment in france .
her conduct is immoral and ... renders her an unfit parent .
promoted enseigne de vaisseau de 1ère classe in the reserve in july 1916 , he was moved to train fighter pilots at pau , where , unfortunately , an accident rendered him unfit to pilot a plane himself .
during the time that the rev. william pashley was rector , l841 - 1847 , the bishop gave him permission to live in sedgeberrow , because the old rectory was in such a dilapidated condition that it was unfit for a residence .
unlike ghada meyiren , he is rarely spotlighted , probably because he was from the ruling class and unfit for the marxist framework of class struggle .
the indirect election is justified by hamilton because while a republic is still served , the system allows for only a certain type of person to be elected president , preventing individuals who are unfit for a variety of reasons to be in the position of chief executive of the country .
chappell had emailed the board of control for cricket in india , stating that ganguly was " physically and mentally " unfit to lead india and that his " divide and rule " behaviour was damaging the team .
in march of that year , the chancery court ruled percy shelley morally unfit to assume custody of his children and later placed them with a clergyman 's family .
this aircraft was tested in december 1917 , however it was deemed as unfit for use in the fleet air arm and further development was discontinued .
during the disastrous battle of gazala in mid 1942 , witheridge had been blown out of his grant tank , and though he recovered from his wounds , he was declared unfit to return to duty .
the counterargument to this criticism , however , is that , by subjecting candidates to the scrutiny of a few early states , the parties can weed out candidates who are unfit for office .
the second commission found that stevens was medically unfit for command and that some of the findings of the first royal commission were therefore based on incorrect assumptions .
breeders must then cull unfit individuals , and in some cases the breeders will then outbreed to increase the level of genetic diversity .
in august 2006 , kubica 's teammate , jacques villeneuve , complained about headaches after his accident during the ; he was deemed unfit to race by the team , against his own belief , and kubica was chosen by the team management to replace him at the .
reports from expeditions in 1806 by lieutenant zebulon pike and in 1819 by major stephen long described the great plains as " unfit for human habitation " and as " the great american desert " .
the goc can take action against opticians who are deemed " unfit to practise " and also against people or companies who break the terms of the opticians act .
the hospital is primarily used to care for " forensic patients " who have been found " not guilty by reason of insanity , " and those persons found " unfit to stand trial , " but who are required by illinois law to remained confined in a mental hospital for a period of time .
during this campaign , he was hit by shellfire and wounded so seriously that he was declared unfit for further duty because of permanent damage to his left leg .
the trading season starts on 1 june and continues through 30 september , when snowfall and extreme weather render the pass unfit for travel .
codling moth and other pests find leaves and fruit covered in kaolin clay unfit for laying eggs .
it has also been said that the puritan sufrite preachers that accompanied the beber rebel armies as religious commissars found some flaw in the piety of his character , and declared him unfit to be caliph .
levita had alleged that richard s. " rex " lambert , the founding editor of " the listener " was unfit to serve on the board of the british film institute ( on which his wife served ) because lambert had published an article about a house which was supposedly haunted by gef the talking mongoose .
she continued to be so employed until surveyed early in 1876 when she was found to be unfit for further naval service .
younger females can physically challenge leaders who they feel are unfit or sick to combat , but the process is risky , and death is often the result of a failed attempt .
the ms-05a was not mass - produced as intended , labeled unfit for combat before the start of the one year war .
a service inspection completed on 16 february 1971 determined the boat was unfit for further service , as " chivo " was " far below the standards of a guppy iii submarine considered the minimum required to meet the increasing demands of present and future submarine warfare requirements . "
then saltwater , unfit for drinking or irrigation , is produced by the pump .
seemingly cold and emotionless , he insists his brother is unfit to be a bodyguard and for a while takes over the position of guarding rei .
in 1895 the south australian defence committee proposed that the guns be mounted at fort glanville , replacing the 64-pounders whose siege carriages were then unfit for service .
the town , at the urging of mccormick , has a meeting and declares belinda " unfit " to care for the child .
in 1928 he called the new york governor , al smith unfit to lead .
the service recruited only men born before 1910 ( although younger men were eligible if they had been certified unfit for military service ) who had previous experience in the building industry .
although atoms are made of the same basic substance , they can combine based on their eternal properties to produce any of six " aggregates " , which seem to correspond with the greek concept of " elements " : earth , water , shadow , sense objects , karmic matter , and unfit matter .
currently , alcohol powder which is unfit for beverage purposes is sold as a food flavouring in the united states .
hutton returned to active duty in 1914 to command the british 21st division as a lieutenant general , until retired as medically unfit in 1915 .
the " harry potter " books are full of moral choices and ethical dilemmas , and , ironically , mr. vander ark 's actions tend to demonstrate that he is woefully unfit to represent himself as either a " fan of " or " expert on " books whose spirit he seems entirely to have missed . "
there was also embarrassment at the poor health of the british recruits , with up to 40% being found unfit for military service .
staunton was unfit to continue because of heart palpitations , which had affected him in the second match against saint - amant in 1843 .
in most western cultures , rats and mice are considered either unclean vermin or pets and thus unfit for human consumption , traditionally being seen as carriers of plague .
people determined unfit for service , where fitness is defined as " satisfying physically , intellectually and psychically requirements for military service or civil protection service and being capable of accomplishing these services without harming oneself or others " , are exempted from service but pay a 3% additional annual income tax until the age of 30 , unless they are affected by a disability .
additionally , profile 24 is a code used to classify those who are deemed " temporarily " unfit for military service .
returned to the norfolk navy yard , the hulk was surveyed in october 1948 for possibility of completion , but was pronounced " unfit for naval service " and sold to american shipbreakers , inc. of philadelphia , pennsylvania for scrapping 2 april 1949 .
the teams then headed to headingley for the fourth test with barnes still unfit .
the meat inspection act of 1906 authorized the secretary of agriculture to order meat inspections and condemn any found unfit for human consumption .
while kyla and her ex - husband harvey manage to get to max in time to save him , harvey tells kyla she is an unfit mother and he will be filing for sole custody of their son .
during this unhealthy winter , the british contingent had 23,000 men unfit for duty due to ill health and only 9,000 fit for duty .
the terraces of houses built on this land were sublet for the remainder of the term of this lease in 1897 and 1898 - but many were declared unfit for habitation in the 1930s and resultantly demolished .
raknes felt that such subjects were unfit for someone who had set out to do something useful with his life , which he had .
however , portions of the book contain material also found in articles posted under corsi 's name at , a website critical of john kerry , and o'neill is cited in a later book as describing corsi as helping to write " unfit for command , " and urging him to back out of media appearances after the controversial comments became public .
he is told to look into whether the ceo , jüst , of the company is unfit to do his job by the vicepresident .
60 minutes ii ran into controversy in september 2004 when the program staff received a set of documents which alleged that , while in the service of the texas air national guard , united states president george w. bush was declared unfit for duty and suspended from service .
akinbiyi was re - signed in the january transfer window , but the striker was unfit and failed to make an impact .
an annual airshow is held , normally in july , which is unusual for a show held at an airfield in that no aircraft are able to land , due to the runways being in an unfit state for aircraft operations .
" palos " was condemned as unfit for further service there 6 july and was decommissioned and sold at auction 25 january 1893 .
the village was untouched by lands reforms because it is isolated by forests and sandy soil is unfit for agriculture .
