however , in an unforeseen turn of events , his mother died while giving birth to his younger brother , holland .
it 's the most personal environmentalist statement possible , making an unforeseen connection between queer culture 's identity politics and the green movement .
this song generated an unforeseen popularity for hemanta and salil in eastern india , and , in a way , established hemanta ahead of his male contemporaries .
it could be that the mercenary did not observe bartimaeus on the seventh plane , or that he simply let them pass for unforeseen circumstances .
the band cited , " unforeseen personal matters , " as the reason for the cancellations .
extra costs of the building were due to unforeseen security measures after the september 11 attacks in the united states .
warlock 's temporary possession of the gauntlet has unforeseen consequences : in attempting to control his emotions , the character purges all good and evil from his being , leaving him entirely as a creature of logic .
unforeseen political elements resulted in the closure of the cinemateca a few months later and it would not open again until 1961 , but herman 's love affair with france was cemented , along with his place in cuban cinema history .
exception was made in the case of those below ground for the purpose of rendering assistance in the event of an accident , or for meeting any danger , or for dealing with any emergency or work incompleted , through unforeseen circumstances , which requires to be dealt with to avoid serious interference in the work of the mine .
an issue of " peter parker / spider - man " revisits the issue , and further confirms that gwen died due to an unforeseen error on spider - man 's part : his webbing , at that time , was designed specifically for use by spider - man ( who had increased strength that allowed him to handle the high - velocity falls that he routinely faced ) -- but gwen stacy 's neck snapped from the sudden jolt .
... the post-9/11 situation faced by president bush demonstrates the prescience of attorney general levi 's comments about unforeseen future threats and changing technologies that could require surveillance outside any statutorily prescribed mechanism .
although kelly was now dating hillary , hillary would gain competition from both nola and a totally unforeseen force as the year 1980 continued .
subtle differences with unforeseen consequences .
this new firmness presented edward with an unforeseen dilemma : if he hoped to recovery the lands lost by his father in france he would have to abandon balliol and his newly won territories in scotland .
in his criticism of george lakoff 's claim that a road mentioned in a poem must be interpreted in light of the " life is a journey " conceptual metaphor he argued that in various works " road " may assume an indefinite number of unforeseen meanings ( one of which may be " life is a journey " ) .
with this completely unforeseen situation , the républicain camp decided on the creation of two military arsenals .
led by captain scott mitchell , the ghosts wage war from the southern philippines , northwest waziristan , and xiamen , china , coping with the impact of unforeseen tragedy , remembering lessons - learned , and treasuring camaraderie .
such strains pronounced and sung unmediated , such prompt eloquence , such sentiment and imagery flowing in rich diction , in measure , in rhyme , and in musick [ sic ] , without interruption , and on subjects unforeseen , all this must evince in [ the " improvisatore " ] a wonderful command of powers …
chávez held the loyalty of some 10% of venezuela 's military forces ; still , numerous betrayals , defections , errors , and other unforeseen circumstances soon left chávez and a small group of other rebels completely cut off in the historical museum , without any means of conveying orders to their network of spies and collaborators spread throughout venezuela .
yet lack of discipline was leading to unforeseen circumstances .
the result of the destruction of the nameless is the release of the magics which formed it ; these magics transfer themselves to the victors , who begin to exhibit unforeseen side effects .
rather , the api is exposed to the user so that these functions can be used system - wide and combined in ways unforeseen by the designer .
southbeach notation models are one way to codify toc future reality trees and explore the negative branch reservations ( including often unforeseen harmful side effects ) that could represent fatal flaws in the intended improvement .
in a significant and unforeseen political victory for the hmong and their u.s republican advocates , tens of thousands of thai - based hmong refugees were ultimately granted u.s. immigration rights , with the majority being resettled in california , minnesota , and wisconsin .
producing an accurate optimised flight plan requires a large number of calculations ( millions ) , so commercial flight planning systems make extensive use of computers ( an approximate unoptimised flight plan can be done by hand in an hour or so , but more allowance must be made for unforeseen circumstances ) .
these regulations allow for assurances to be given to private landowners that if " unforeseen circumstances " arise , the federal agencies will not require the commitment of land , water or financial compensation or additional restrictions on the use of land , water , or other natural resources beyond the levels otherwise agreed to in the conservation plan , without the consent of the permittee .
the unintended results may be foreseen or unforeseen , but they should be the logical or likely results of the action .
destiny is shown when a path arises that is both unforeseen and constructive .
for example , people who habitually are on time for their obligations , but due to occasional unforeseen circumstances are late on a rare occasion , can avoid a penalty for being late within the grace period and maintain their reputation for timeliness .
the original plan was to be closed for a matter of weeks , but delays in shipping , unforeseen circumstances , and additional recommendations by the city kept the doors closed for three months beyond the intended opening date .
however , due to unforeseen circumstances , dean and lex were forced to discontinue the production of the album .
electric gardens 2008 was cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances .
this creates unforeseen changes in the present , as the cat and kryten disappear , leaving rimmer alone with holly ( hattie hayridge ) .
gwen 's death has another unforeseen consequence as revealed many years later : one of her professors , miles warren , clones gwen and peter from tissue samples that he 'd taken in class some months back .
a number of difficulties and unforeseen circumstances delayed construction .
the isolation and the appearance of countless anomalies enabled unforeseen technological advancements .
a staff relief fund provides assistance to meet unforeseen financial needs to staff .
he then said ' well , we 're only going to do this once and there 's always the unforeseen . ' and doubled the diameter to be used .
in the law of contracts , an act of god may be interpreted as an implied defense under the rule of impossibility , e.g. , the promise is discharged because of unforeseen , naturally occurring events that were unavoidable and which would result in insurmountable delay , expense or other material breach .
originally intended for an april release , " dream , extinguisheds date was moved forward to january 29 ( see 2008 in music ) to compensate for the unforeseen delay of " and i love h.e.r. " , his fifth studio album .
if tarp can stabilize bank capital ratios , it should theoretically allow them to increase lending instead of hoarding cash to cushion against future unforeseen losses from troubled assets .
cicero says orata was trying to force gratidianus to buy back the property when orata 's business plan for farm - raised oysters fell through , perhaps because of unforeseen complications arising from water rights or fishing rights .
however , an important difference is that the 1970s oil revenue windfall was just that : a lucky and unforeseen financial boon .
the website ( and industry as a whole ) has survived various unforeseen catastrophic events , including the “ dot com ”
on january 21 , 2007 borhani signed back with his former team pas tehran f.c. after being sacked by al nasr s.c. due to unforeseen circumstances .
the formula is always successful but has an unforeseen side effect : it invokes the horrid outer god the hydra .
“ where the charge is murder and in the rare cases where the simple direction is not enough , the jury should be directed that they are not entitled to infer the necessary intention unless they feel sure that death or serious bodily harm was a virtual certainty ( barring some unforeseen intervention ) as a result of the defendant 's actions and that the defendant appreciated that such was the case …
it is the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists ' ( rcog ) belief that this method of abortion is never used as a primary or pro - active technique and is only ever likely to be performed in unforeseen circumstances in order to reduce maternal mortality or severe morbidity . "
unforeseen uses .
the " porteño " action had unforeseen consequences for the histories of argentina and paraguay .
the mule , a single individual with remarkable mental powers , topples the foundation and nearly destroys the seldon plan with his special , unforeseen abilities .
because of the holdings passive nature and the belief that this structure is essential to long term planning and growth , these " core " holdings are generally not swapped for another type in this class style and are rarely sold unless the client either needs cash for personal use , the allocation is out of bounds within the constraints of the portfolio 's plan , or the clients mix of fixed income / equities ratio is modified based on premeditated or unforeseen client events .
frustration is a rule which brings contracts to an end in the event of some unforeseen event subsequent to the agreement which would make performance of obligations radically different from that envisaged , for instance because a car for sale is destroyed before it is delivered .
counsel for appellant was evidently fishing with a grabhook and seining with a dragnet , hoping that by some lucky chance he might catch onto an unforeseen and unknown error , and thereby secure the reversal of a conviction .
the inclusion of la negra tomasa in their self - titled album was unforeseen , as both hernandez and romo are both from a middle class background .
this had the unforeseen impact of creating a fortification for gang members when byrne left .
hazlitt brings out this point by comparing " othello " to " macbeth " , where " there is a violent struggle between opposite feelings , between ambition and the stings of conscience , almost from first to last : in othello , the doubtful conflict between contrary passions , though dreadful , continues only for a short time , and the chief interest is excited by the alternate ascendancy of different passions , by the entire and unforeseen change from the fondest love and most unbounded confidence to the tortures of jealousy and the madness of hatred . "
as an unforeseen result , many of these worshipers ceased to exist , which caused the elder eye 's power to collapse .
in return the demon asked a favour that his name should be taken before ganesha 's name , thus the name of ganesha became vighnahar or vighneshwar ( vighna in sanskrit means a sudden interruption in the ongoing work due to some unforeseen , unwarranted event or cause ) .
various unforeseen circumstances cause nearly half of all workers to retire earlier than they intend .
an added risk to this approach is increased software instability , as rapidly growing software can generate increased amounts of unforeseen bugs , glitches , security holes and other problems that can sometimes go unnoticed for weeks and months .
such a change is sufficient if unforeseen , if it undermined the “ essential basis ” of consent by a party , if it radically transforms the extent of obligations between the parties , and if the obligations are still to be performed .
the unforeseen economic downturn of the great depression caused the club to become financially insolvent and in 1933 it was reorganized as millbrae country club .
as he conducts tchaikovsky 's " violin concerto " , an elaborate plan to kill daniella and frame max for the murder runs through his mind , but afterwards , when he tries to carry out his plan , unforeseen circumstances intervene .
however , habitual procrastinators may come to view the grace period as the actual deadline , and if , due to unforeseen circumstances , they are occasionally late beyond that , they might complain about the applied penalty .
it could also be seen as a depiction of the limited ( and thus flawed ) nature of a machine 's programming ; due to its preprogrammed nature , it would be unable to adapt itself to circumstances beyond the scope of its programming , as opposed to humans who could adapt to such unforeseen events .
though the festival earned acclaim and cultural prominence , the overwhelming turnout resulted in unforeseen expenses which left woodstock ventures in significant debt .
he noted , ' captains ... to be successful must possess , in a marked degree , initiative , resource , determination , and no fear of accepting responsibility ' , and particularly regarding wartime conditions' ... as a rule instructions will be of a very general character so as to avoid interfering with the judgement and initiative of captains ... the admiral will rely on captains to use all the information at their disposal to grasp the situation quickly and anticipate his wishes , using their own discretion as to how to act in unforeseen circumstances .. ' the approach outlined by beatty contradicted the views of many within the navy , who felt that ships should always be closely controlled by their commanding admiral , and harked back to reforms attempted by admiral george tryon .
this was done by confronting the left - wing employer , neuschwander , and the firm with unforeseen difficulties .
in some cases , biological pest control can have unforeseen negative results that could outweigh all benefits .
we nod approvingly , at which moment mrs christie says in effect " oh , so you thought that did you ? " and with an unforeseen twist of the cards lets us see how wrong we were .
argument : because of the complexity of natural systems , restoration efforts are likely to result in unforeseen and negative outcomes .
the 3 children sneak aboard the ideon in their latest battle with the buff clan 's barume baram mobile weapon but this becomes an unforeseen benefit as the reaction of the children in danger make the ideon even more powerful and yet another weapon , the ideon sword is revealed .
he published " a history of hungary , a.d. 300 - 1850 " ( 1856 ) , " government " ( 1871 , " in the american science series " ) , " reflections and comments " ( 1895 ) , " problems of modern democracy " ( 1896 ) and " unforeseen tendencies of democracy " ( 1898 ) .
from the project in wales , charles quant drew attention to the inland waterways amenity advisory council ( iwaac ) of the realisation that his operation had a previously unforeseen secondary advantage of demonstrating that sections of the canal system regarded as " remainder " canals , were being used to good effect and as such his organisation now could fulfill a dual role of providing a service to disabled people and demonstrate the advantages of canal travel to the wider public .
however , in project management it 's common to build a certain error margin into the " predicted " " resource cost " of a project to make predictions more realistic : there are many unforeseen factors that may delay a project or make it more costly , but very few factors that could result in it being delivered " before " time or " under " the calculated budget ... so to some degree , " unexpected " overruns are to be expected , even if their precise nature ca n't be predicted in advance .
under unforeseen circumstances , he makes a stand against marauders seeking to take the crystal as their own .
the committee also reviews supplemental spending bills ( covering unforeseen or emergency expenses not previously budgeted ) .
this capability results in a number of unforeseen psychosocial phenomena whose emergence is a major plot element of the various " ghost in the shell " stories .
on the other hand , individual savers ( both households and firms ) may have sudden , unpredictable needs for cash , due to unforeseen expenditures .
" this assurance turns out to be in error when they find themselves the only people capable of handling an unforeseen social problem – the first robot facilitated homicides .
these characters are literally right out of the movies , yet the unforeseen drama of the people behind the mask threatens to eclipse the wild array of hollywood film icons they appropriate .
by being constantly vigilant and trying extremely hard , they can ensure that they not only fail to disappoint or are beyond reproach but that they can protect against unforeseen issues ( such as economic downturn ) .
fundamentally , secondary markets mesh the investor 's preference for liquidity ( i.e. , the investor 's desire not to tie up his or her money for a long period of time , in case the investor needs it to deal with unforeseen circumstances ) with the capital user 's preference to be able to use the capital for an extended period of time .
it was a quick and unforeseen reform pushed by the prime minister gediminas vagnorius .
the london production closed on 3 january 2009 ; it was to be followed by a uk tour later that year which was later cancelled , the producers commenting " due to unforeseen circumstances the uk tour of spamalot will not be taking place as scheduled in 2009 . "
there he took the name agostino ; and there he would live unknown to the world , far from his home and his people ; devoted to exercises of piety , he lived there tranquilly until an unforeseen incident brought him once more before the world .
after launching from the uss nimitz ( cvn-68 ) , an unforeseen low - level sandstorm caused two of eight helicopters to lose their way en route to desert one , but only after men and equipment had been assembled there .
the developer originally intended to introduce multiplayer feature when making the original battlecruiser millennium back in late 1999 , but due to unforeseen circumstances , this feature was dropped in the initial product .
a surprise blockbuster hit came his way in 1979 when hamilton showed an unforeseen flair for comedy . "
the magnitude of the devastation was unforeseen .
the maximum calibration of nominal pressure solenoid valve must be more than the maximum pressure inside the pipe , otherwise life will be shortened or produce other unforeseen situations .
since the profits were unforeseen , some legislators believe that taxing them at a higher rate , or confiscating them outright , should not hurt the company .
in october , an unforeseen problem with one of her main engines kept her pierside for a month while general electric technical representatives and the ship 's crew made repairs .
thyagarajan(vijayan ) and kamala(shoba ) aer in love and are separated due to unforeseen events in their lives .
this is achieved thanks to both the intrinsic robustness of the control architecture , and its adaptation capabilities to unforeseen situations .
the episode sees liz and jack attending her high school reunion , leading to some unforeseen revelations while tracy and jenna and threatened by kenneth when he gets more laughs then them in the elevator .
significant , unknown , unforeseen , and unforeseeable risks may be involved .
randy , marty and elder brother tommy also recovered from drug abuse , but , suffered unforeseen physical consequences , as tommy currently , reportedly , endures kidney dialysis , randy has an incurable unknown disease , and marty suffers from chronic debilitation in his legs .
unforeseen circumstances forced bland to turn the station over to a bankruptcy receiver , which then proceeded to sell wncc to johnstown - based eagle broadcasting in 1990 .
this was a momentous event , and was unforeseen by marius , as no roman army had ever marched upon rome — it was forbidden by law and ancient tradition .
maitani established his reputation in siena and was called to supervise the construction at orvieto in 1308 when the unprecedented height and span of the cathedral 's vaults and arches presented unforeseen difficulties .
season three of the tv series " 24 " has its entire main plot focused on a sting operation and its unforeseen consequences .
leo is the narrator of the story who gradually reveals his troubled childhood which was traumatized by the sudden and unforeseen suicide of his older brother steve .
rajendra pachauri , the ipcc chair , admitted at the launch of this report that since the ipcc began work on it , scientists have recorded " much stronger trends in climate change " , like the unforeseen dramatic melting of polar ice in the summer of 2007 , and added , " that means you better start with intervention much earlier " .
thus , lateral media and information routing groups ( irgs ) are an essential aid to the essential hierarchic function of any large organization and society , defeating the relevance paradox and helping to minimize unforeseen and undesirable outcomes .
on 4 november 2007 , it was announced that due to unforeseen " bugs " the imminent release would be postponed for a time .
two unforeseen impacts of the war were that thousands of g.i. 's who were stationed on the islands returned to settle among the islands .
each division is commanded by a chief superintendent and has its own cid , divisional command & control room ( dccr ) , and divisional support group ( dsg ) , which is able to respond at short notice to any unforeseen incident or emergency .
his novels also tend to center around ordinary people facing extraordinarily difficult situations resulting from unforeseen circumstances , often triggered by other parties .
people 's reasons are varied but can include unforeseen medical expenses for oneself or a dependent , the need for improved housing or transportation , education expenses and the like .
the baroque literature on mary experienced unforeseen growth with over 500 pages of mariological writings during the 17th century alone .
this situation was unusual but neither unprecedented nor unforeseen .
however , unforeseen difficulties did indeed arise .
it brought to an end the first phase of the power struggle between the papacy and the holy roman emperors and has been interpreted as containing within itself the germ of nation - based sovereignty that would one day be confirmed in the treaty of westphalia ( 1648 ) ; in part this was an unforeseen result of strategic maneuvering between the church and the european sovereigns over political control within their domains .
unforeseen shadows .
as hana makes her first few wishes , things do not turn out the way she would have liked , and the wishes the demon grants often have unforeseen and unwanted consequences ; for example causing dementia in an old man who hana wished she would not have to talk to again .
on february 15 , 2008 , gen con llc announced that it filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , citing " significant unforeseen expenses associated with ... externally licensed events " .
he regards these groups as " the ultimate in exclusivity , " and while the future will be bleak for nonbelievers due to an unforeseen cataclysm , members of the group are promised existence in a new utopia .
for months , the source of the " bug " afflicting the workers at the factory remains a mystery until one unforeseen event leads to graham 's being found out .
exceptional circumstances is a phrase or descriptor most often used to denote the conditions required to grant additional powers to a government or government leader so as to alleviate , or mitigate against , unforeseen or unconventional hardship .
despite the regular monetary inflow , zuma ’s financial troubles continued due to unforeseen costs in the nkandla development .
another series of promotions followed after a turn unforeseen by many at the time , but in the best tradition of precedents not only byzantine , but also eastern european and even romanian , especially transylvanian : witness photius’ elevation to patriarch of constantinople from general , ambrose becoming bishop of milan from civil administrator , professor nicolae bălan becoming metropolitan of transylvania , etc .
but due to unforeseen circumstances is the case .
inhabitants of the region and surviving members of the leahy brothers ' gold prospecting party recount their astonishment at this unforeseen meeting .
without the restrictions of the armature , a clay matrix of elements allows that when recognisable forms start to emerge , they can be essentially disregarded by turning the work , allowing for infinite possibility and the chance for the unforeseen to emerge more powerfully at a later stage .
kagan criticizes the periclean strategy on four counts : first that by rejecting minor concessions it brought about war ; second , that it was unforeseen by the enemy and hence lacked credibility ; third , that it was too feeble to exploit any opportunities ; and fourth , that it depended on pericles for its execution and thus was bound to be abandoned after his death .
this research expanded into a wider interest in the design process and especially design processes for uncertainty , unforeseen futures and complexity .
this device gave origin to the phrase " deus ex machina " ( " god out of a machine " ) , that is , the surprise intervention of an unforeseen external factor that changes the outcome of an event .
this event was originally were to be run at the same auto club speedway as a double bill of the gt live event , but due to unforeseen circumstances .
frustration of purpose occurs when an unforeseen event undermines a party 's principal purpose for entering into a contract , and both parties knew of this principal purpose at the time the contract was made .
in its most radical form , all sounds have equal value : sounds chosen by the composer , by the performer , and all the unforeseen and unpredictable sounds that surround us every day .
mimicking moss 's voice , he demands a bonus payment for all the ' unforeseen trouble ' he had to deal with , and arranges a meeting with the man at the ' usual place ' , which turns out to be near the vietnam war memorial .
another is using out - of - sample data , which ostensibly allows the market timer to see how the system will work on unforeseen data .
in 2007 , responding to unforeseen objections and concerns from the upper west side community , fordham launched a designed to answer community concerns about the lincoln center campus expansion .
unfortunately , due to unforeseen zoning issues , the program was put on - hold , but the foundation hopes to resolve these issues in the coming year .
only his servant heard , and the force of this order entered his very marrows , for twice he twitched as if overcome by awe .... [ she ] knew that something unexpected and completely unforeseen was about to happen - something which she was powerless to prevent .
but his plans were reversed again and again by unforeseen complications , the failure of the most promising presumptions , the perpetual shifting of apparently stable alliances ; and again and again he had to modify his means to attain his ends .
regarding the selection of a permanent mascot , however , the seilers have said , " there ’s lineage out there we can depend on in unforeseen cases such as this . "
the clerk gives the doctor a form , asking him to sign away his remaining lives to mr chambers should he meet an unforeseen accident within the factory .
however , movements in share prices may arise due to unforeseen events which do not repeat themselves , and physical and economic phenomena are not comparable .
from then on the senate would rule via acts having the force of law , known as " sénatus - consultes " , in all matters unforeseen by the constitution and which needed political action from the regime .
this led to an unfortunately unforeseen sequence of events on the seer 's part , leading to his barbaric murder at chanonry point , allegedly burnt in a spiked tar barrel , on the command of lady seaforth .
in the midseason finale , however , michael is forced to kill strickler in order to save fiona 's life , an action which has unforeseen consequences .
there were many unforeseen problems and apart from some notable exceptions ( amazon.com and others ) the b2c online model was a spectacular failure .
in 1965 , i. j. good first wrote of an " intelligence explosion " , suggesting that if machines could even slightly surpass human intellect , they could improve their own designs in ways unforeseen by their designers , and thus recursively augment themselves into far greater intelligences .
this causes operational problems when the need for an unforeseen symbol arises ( particularly in mootw ) , a problem exacerbated by the administratively centralised maintenance of the symbology sets .
a military reserve , tactical reserve , or strategic reserve ( and normally called only as the / his / their " reserve/(s ) " or sometimes as a " reserve formation " ) is a group of military personnel or units which are initially not committed to a battle by their commander so that they are available to address unforeseen situations or exploit suddenly developing opportunities .
the results of the investigation will allow proper choice of machinery and methods for excavation and ground support , and will reduce the risk of encountering unforeseen ground conditions .
delays in the ares i development schedule due to budgetary pressures and unforeseen engineering and technical difficulties have increased the gap between the end of the space shuttle program and the first operational flight of ares i. the total estimated cost to develop the ares i through 2015 has risen from $ 28 billion in 2006 to more than $ 40 billion in 2009 .
every londoner should be grateful for this foresight as the unforeseen was the tower block .
however , prometheus ' best laid plans were laid to waste by an unforeseen variable : the anti - hero catwoman , who incapacitated him with a simple whip crack to the groin .
in afghanistan , as in many other underdeveloped countries , however , this rapid success led to the emergence of new problems , unforeseen in the original planning : inflation of prices , difficulties over foreign exchange , and an unhealthy reliance on large - scale external aid for the easing of current domestic shortages .
a related concept is called the critical chain , which attempts to protect activity and project durations from unforeseen delays due to resource constraints .
attempts to improve the agricultural sector through irrigation and diversification have caused unforeseen environmental damage .
in time , he came to find that it had other powers as well ; it could absorb energy of almost any type and later redirect it as a destructive force ; it gave vanth great toughness and physical strength ; it gave him the gift of tongues ; and he was able to merge with the sword in a way unforeseen even by its maker , so the sword became a part of him that he could manifest at will .
that whole scene played out before the unforeseen 11 terrorist attacks on new york city and washington , d.c. on the united states .
despite this treaty , constantinople was recaptured in an unforeseen manner by alexios strategopoulos on 25 july 1261 , without necessitating genoese assistance .
during and after the catholic reformation , marian piety experienced unforeseen growth with over 500 pages of mariological writings during the 17th century alone .
total costs rose due to unforeseen security measures after the september 11 attacks , and because the national assembly did not have an independent cost appraisal of the project until december 2000 , three years after the original estimate .
in 1825 an early suspension bridge over the river saale was constructed , but because of unforeseen vibrations it collapsed during the inauguration festivities , resulting in over a hundred casualties .
first , improvements had to be made to the faulty new trains , as they required immediate and unforeseen refits ; in addition , despite the sound barriers , further noise reduction works had to be carried out on the tracks themselves by repairing their joints .
this second unforeseen career would be far more important than his endeavors as a pilot .
once the victim starts paying money to the scammer , the scammer tells the victim that additional money is needed for unforeseen expenses , similar to most other variants ; in the case of the ill mother , the children will fall ill as well and require money for a doctor 's care and medicine ( many scammers go as far as to say that as the sponsor of the children , the victim is legally liable for such costs ) , where the student might claim that a dormitory fire destroyed everything they own .
its mission is to prevent or minimize the loss of life and property , protect the environment , assist in cooperative emergency medical services , mitigate the consequences of natural and unforeseen disasters , and provide non - emergency support services , through professional and effective delivery , to all who live , visit , work or invest in the city of tallahassee and leon county .
john callow , fred batt the demonologist did n't return for this live , but he posted on his facebook networking page , it was due to unforeseen circumstances .
however , due to unforeseen circumstances regarding scheduling between the wwhl and nwhl , the merger never took place .
when the manager found out that the architect had not asked for any extra bricks , he demanded that the architect make some provision for unforeseen circumstances .
at the same time , the club tried to organise the 2006 edition of the european championship of australian football , but due to many unforeseen force the organisers were forced to cancel the event .
this often happens at an unconscious level and can put the person in mysterious and unforeseen circumstances .
the " times literary supplements short review of november 20 , 1937 by caldwell harpur concluded , " hercule poirot , as usual , digs out a truth so unforeseen that it would be unfair for a reviewer to hint at it " .
barring unforeseen circumstances , joe buck and tim mccarver will be the announcing team .
in a press release , stroman cited a change in his working relationship with johnson , and " increased production costs , creator apathy , and unforeseen market factors . "
he had warned that muslim orthodoxy and fundamentalism would not only generate the potential for ruin and decay within , but bring in unforeseen consequences for the secular fabric of society .
however , the decision to order the ships from an american shipyard turned out to have a major , unforeseen , benefit : chile 's " almirante latorre " and " almirante cochrane " along with the ottoman empire 's " sultan osman i " , all being built in british yards , were quickly purchased or seized by britain at the outbreak of world war i and pressed into service with the royal navy ; because the united states remained neutral until 1917 , " rivadavia " and " moreno " were delivered on schedule .
the courier was manufactured by toyo kogyo ( mazda ) , and imported and sold by ford motor company as a response to the unforeseen popularity of the small toyota and nissan / datsun pickups among young buyers in the west .
this level of indirection allows for pre and post operations relative to the abstract operations both immediately and with future unforeseen changes .
fpn xiii is team of students of faculty of political sciences in belgrade , and it is the first students team in serbia . čekićar niš ( hammers ) were dark horses of the competition whose goal was to make rugby league popular in the southern serbia , but unfortunately they had to withdraw from the competition due to unforeseen circumstances after three rounds .
the plan is also backed by the socialists and the italian president who stated that " the european central bank [ and ] the european institutions are aware that there 's something missing from our common tool box to tackle unforeseen and serious crises in one of the eurozone nations . "
dice are rolled to resolve combat , providing the unforeseen elements of luck , but the use of appropriate tactics makes a substantial difference towards winning the game .
they include a changing financial climate , unforeseen structural weaknesses , or a dramatic shift in the politics of a country .
both living trusts and wills can also be used to plan for unforeseen circumstances such as incapacity or disability , by giving discretionary powers to the trustee or executor of the will .
the unforeseen downturn is that with immortality reached , there is no motivator for the human race to actually strive for anything more .
people would receive government coverage for truly catastrophic , unforeseen medical emergencies and procedures , such as procedures which cost more than $ 50,000 .
unlike quantitative methods , ipa encourages an open - ended dialogue between the researcher and participants and may , therefore , lead to unforeseen answers , including a new perspective on the research question .
these storylines usually begin showing the child being separated at birth , or at a very young age , due to some unforeseen circumstance .
twice , in 1946 and in 1950 , it nearly disappeared , due to unforeseen circumstances .
it is a story not of an individual magically imprinting his personality on an institution - what salonen has called the " empty hype " of conductor worship - but of an individual and an institution bringing out unforeseen capabilities in each other , and thereby proving how much life remains in the orchestra itself , at once the most conservative and the most powerful of musical organisms .
the technology to extract uranium from sea water has only been demonstrated at the laboratory scale , and extraction costs were estimated in the mid-1990s at us$ 260/kgu ( nobukawa , et al . , 1994 ) but scaling up laboratory - level production to thousands of tonnes is unproven and may encounter unforeseen difficulties .
fighter aircraft are placed on the steam catapult complete with flight crew , armament , and fuel , ready to defend the carrier battle group from any unforeseen threat .
" even though the victory at tucumán " , writes mitre , " was the result of unforeseen circumstances " , it earns belgrano " the glory of having won a battle against all probability and against the wishes of his own government . "
if unforeseen problems arose and these were reasonable , brassey would cover these additional costs .
the initial collision that forced the suspects off the road caused some unforeseen problems for the agents , as the fbi vehicles sustained damage from the heavier , older car driven by matix .
by arguing against himself in the " dialogi " , he was able to set the parameters of the argument without any unforeseen issues from a second party .
due to an unforeseen accident in 1996 , the one member suffered an injury that sidelined urn for
however , as an unforeseen consequence , it leaves those still living unable to die , forcing the remaining heroes on earth to resurrect jude the entropic man as a means for dying .
the reversal is the inevitable but unforeseen result of some action taken by the hero .
the worker adjustment and retraining notification act , better known by its acronym as the warn act , requires private sector employers to give sixty days ' notice of large - scale layoffs and plant closures ; it allows a number of exceptions for unforeseen emergencies and other cases .
however several unforeseen complications have pushed back the final completion deadline to some time in 2012 so a through service from central india to kashmir will not be possible till then .
soon helmut 's intellectual quest for the truth metamorphoses into a journey of justice and blood , one with unforeseen consequences .
realistic portrayal of children : nesbit was known for her well - drawn child characters , described in the norton 's anthology of children 's literature as " believable middle - class children who experience a series of adventures in unforeseen circumstances ” ( zipes , et al . ) .
in the alternate future setting of ' , plastic surgery returns dent 's face to normal , but at the unforeseen cost of permanently destroying the good - hearted harvey dent personality , leaving the monstrous two - face in control forever .
reconciliation developed into a prominent procedure for implementing the policy decisions and assumptions embraced in a budget resolution , in a way that was unforeseen when the budget act was written .
sometimes this would result in his saving the others from some unforeseen flaw in their plan , as in the episode " splashdown , " wherein an unmanned space capsule with sensitive technology lands in the lagoon , gilligan allows the other castaways to talk over him , failing to tell them in time that the capsule is floating away .
he trapped the fantastic four in the lower quarters of the building but was eventually caught , after being stopped by an unforeseen factor : the building 's mailman , willie lumpkin .
a social panic is a state where a social or community group reacts negatively and in extreme or irrational manners to unexpected or unforeseen changes in their expected social status quo .
although each movement has a separate impetus behind it , the whole work is unified by the idea of ( in the composer 's words ) " the unforeseen cross - pollination of ethnic groups that has enriched australian life " .
a backup air traffic control centre / tower constructed to the north of the atcx is available for operational use in the event normal services provided in the atcx are disrupted by unforeseen circumstances .
proponents of this mode of science argue that unanticipated scientific breakthroughs are sometimes more valuable than the outcomes of agenda - driven research , heralding advances in genetics and stem cell biology as examples of unforeseen benefits of research that was originally seen as purely theoretical in scope .
an allowance for unforeseen costs is usually essential in securitisations , especially if it is an atypical securitisation .
one could quote forever the one and two - liners that punctuate coffin 's " crystals of the unforeseen " . "
the magnitude of the devastation was unforeseen .
many trials and unforeseen problems arose .
due to unforeseen circumstances , he was unable to complete a degree and went to work as a computer and electronics technician .
there were to be many unforeseen impediments and it was not until may 18 , 1836 , that an act was passed , which authorized funding .
engineers took extra steps to ensure that integrating unforeseen technological advances onto a " gerald r. ford "- class aircraft carrier would be possible .
it turns out that the fall of the united states was n't altogether unforeseen , and that a very resourceful band of patriots was already in place , with considerable material resources - such as a well - equipped secret control centre - prepared for them carefully in advance .
an unforeseen effect was that foreign policy was decided in the swedish cabinet and conducted by the swedish ministry of foreign affairs .
the tower has taken on an unforeseen poignancy , as an almost exact replica of it , the ulster tower , was built at thiepval to honour the men of the 36th ( ulster ) division who fell at the battle of the somme .
their frustration inspired the phrase ' carnoustie effect ' , meaning the degree of trauma experienced when what is undertaken in confident spirit founders on unforeseen difficulties .
the epa administrator and the secretaries of agriculture and energy will have authority to waive or modify the standard if they deem it necessary , and the new fuel standard will include an automatic " safety valve " to protect against unforeseen increases in the prices of alternative fuels or their feedstocks .
but , an unforeseen delay with a key component of the studio mean that they can not get into the studio to record
due to unforeseen issues , this dvd was delayed for over three years , finally being finished and sent out to those who had pre - ordered the album in january 2009 .
due to a defect in the treatment , unforeseen side effects began to appear in many of the subjects .
while the quebec act did much to secure the allegiance of the canadians to britain , it had other unforeseen consequences .
the arena was proposed to be built in time to host the 2003 world championship tournament in ice hockey , but due to unforeseen complications with the investors , the ice hockey governing body had to switch that tournament to finland .
an unforeseen result of these rules was that many states complied by holding primary elections to select convention delegates .
blogging can sometimes have unforeseen consequences in politically sensitive areas .
in addition , one of the few success stories of human gene therapy — the treatment of severe combined immune deficiency , x - scid — has turned out to have unforeseen consequences .
this produced unforeseen sounds and these actions contributed to his rising popularity in the usa .
unfortunately , this rapid cure had unforeseen geopolitical effects .
established in 1987 , fast companies provide a limited - duration , expeditionary security force to protect vital naval and national assets . fast maintains forward - deployed platoons at various naval commands around the globe , and possesses u.s .- based alert forces capable of rapidly responding to unforeseen contingencies worldwide .
unforeseen circumstances later forced stevens to sell the station in 1995 .
in addition , the ray and drained chaos emeralds have the unforeseen side - effect of transforming sonic into a " werehog " — a beast form with greater strength and abilities — at night .
there was a delay with the initial shipping of the collector 's edition due to unforeseen demand .
among problems , which arise in practice are : a failure to meet service levels , unclear contractual issues , changing requirements and unforeseen charges , and a dependence on the bpo which reduces flexibility .
through the use of careful historical analysis , linguistic critique , and logical scrutiny , deconstruction - and - religion resolves interpretive tensions from within theological discourses while at the same time creating space for unforeseen developments in theological expression .
he released his debut in 1998 on weightless recordings , “ unforeseen shadows ” .
cisco has been reported as saying , " vista will solve a lot of problems , but for every action , there 's a reaction , and unforeseen side - effects and mutations .
the unforeseen consequences of decisions made in crises situations drive the plot .
the series was introduced in may 1986 ( when bbc1 introduced daytime scheduling at the start of the year ) due to an unforeseen gap in the schedule after the 11:45am news bulletin finished .
due to the unforeseen sale of the adams mark hotel in november 2004 , anthrocon chose the wyndham franklin plaza in philadelphia as the site for its 2005 convention .
some of these practitioners have made contributions and adaptations completely unforeseen by bohm himself , making the subject of " bohm dialogue " much greater than the dialogue theory bohm himself originally established , which , don factor believes , would have delighted him if he were still alive .
the supreme court wrote : " where one agrees to do , for a fixed sum , a thing possible to be performed , he will not be excused or become entitled to additional compensation , because unforeseen difficulties are encountered .
this effort too failed , when jack - jack 's previously unforeseen transforming superpower manifested and allowed him to escape syndrome 's clutches .
hardship clause is a clause in a contract that is intended to cover cases in which unforeseen events occur that fundamentally alter the equilibrium of a contract resulting in an excessive burden being placed on one of the parties involved .
as the victor of the battle , king ferdinand immediately turned to his council on questions of the uncertain international situation and the unforeseen development of the internal politics .
then an unforeseen " cosmic re - alignment " puts rohanda out of phase with canopus which causes the lock to break .
with regard to unforeseen points , the concordat referenced the canons and the discipline of the catholic church .
it was the birth of his son jack that led him into an unforeseen musical arena .
nonetheless , the strategic implications of a possible unforeseen breakthrough in technology forced the ussr to initiate massive spending on research in the 12th five year plan , drawing all the various parts of the project together under the control of gukos and matching the us proposed deployment date of 2000 .
thus , navigation appears to simplify specific known uses at the expense of general , unforeseen , and varied future uses .
success seemed to be on the horizon for odom and dogpatch usa , but the many unforeseen events of the 1970s cast a dark shadow on odom 's dreams .
however , the details are completely different from those in asimov 's book : on the one hand , crowley 's time travelers are far more " localised " than asimov 's , being mainly concerned to " redesign " the twentieth century , prevent the world wars and perpetuate the british empire ; on the other hand , the unforeseen results of their interference are catastrophic in a far more fundamental way than in the asimov book .
there were unforeseen difficulties with the ground and a rapid increase in labour costs , which ruined shanly .
