a 500-km canoe trip by a man who was already exhausted was an unfortunate necessity .
in the movie " lemony snicket 's a series of unfortunate events " , the 1960 imperial is prominently displayed , being driven by the character count olaf .
it 's unfortunate that misaki is n't available to help ai , and souichirou is helpless as well .
it was an unfortunate byzantium that had to face normans , pechenegs and turks within a few decades of each other at a time when the army was torn in civil conflict .
in the segment they showed the cartoon to one of the postons , who laughed at it , and called it " unfortunate " .
crane himself was not so unfortunate ; he served as a director , and latter president of a local bank , and had just concluded four years as town supervisor at the outset of the panic .
in his crusade to return to the wgp finals , andy hug made short work of ray sefo while an unfortunate cut forced this year 's wgp defending champion ernesto hoost to quit sending opponent , sam greco to the semi finals .
some people do suffer from allergies to shellfish , and this is an unfortunate fact of life .
on that same day the farmer changed once again , reverting to the " jolly farmer " he had always been until the unfortunate day when he opened the kistvaen .
an unfortunate result of the shore bombardment was that two natives were wounded and one killed — the japanese had evacuated the island in the face of imminent invasion the previous evening .
confounding the brave mandas with the effete medes was the most unfortunate event in history .
however in the " unfortunate " case the team makes it to the final , she loses her ticket .
it is perhaps unfortunate that orwell ’s language in these passages is so lively and amusing that people tend to remember these parts of the book and forget the author 's overall advocacy of democratic socialism .
jack straw defended his decision as an " unfortunate coincidence of timing " .
traveling along the mysterious highway , neal and grant discuss such things as the humor found in causing people to recognize the gullible side of themselves , grant 's unfortunate accident that rendered him permanently sterile , and the certainty of knowing what to wish for .
“ the focus of that story was obviously dave bliss , but other people got caught up in it , which is unfortunate , ” koncak said . “
he quit the court for good after an unfortunate and mysterious love affair , and was taken into the house of m. de vaudreuil .
it notably gained the unfortunate nickname of " breakneck and murder railway " owing to a certain tendency towards having accidents - which , owing to the steep gradients , were generally rather severe .
this is unfortunate .
most of the unfortunate events in the beast quest , for instance being poisoned , may happen to elenna .
with this limited income , he seems to have planned a permanent settlement in his native country ; but the unexpected embarrassment of the party from whom he had purchased the annuity , and an attachment of an unfortunate nature , compelled him to re - embark on the ocean of adventure .
in these episodes , when someone says lord moldybutt 's name , something unfortunate happens , usually to moldybutt .
parents wishing to protect their children from the unhappier aspects of life often find the traditional fairy tales , nursery rhymes and other voyages of discovery problematic , because often the first thing a story does is remove the adult influence , leaving the central character to learn to cope on his or her own : prominent examples of this include " snow white " , " hansel and gretel " , " bambi " and " a series of unfortunate events " .
by far the most significant change , however , was to the rear suspension , which was de - cambered and redesigned to eliminate the unfortunate tendencies of the original swing - axle design .
according to mrs. bleshinden , ' it was a veritable death - trap to those unfortunate who were driven to seek its shelter and had been the subject of constant complaint for years .
it is unfortunate that in two important points — the nature of the solution and the use of the telephone — miss christie has been anticipated by another recent novel : the truth is that this particular field is getting so well ploughed that it is hard to find a virgin patch anywhere .
the military were called out ; and eli hart & co. , the unfortunate flour merchants , issued a card pointing out with grim truth " that the destruction of the article can not have a tendency to reduce the price . "
while personally opposed to integration , schiro was a pragmatist and soon viewed integration as an unfortunate necessity .
this season he was still more unfortunate , being laid out in the holy cross game and not getting into shape until the princeton game . "
given the history of the women 's sprints and speculation about performance enhancing drug use , jeter said " i ca n't be upset about those questions [ but ] it 's unfortunate that i work this hard and i do n't get the credit i should get " .
it was during this period that he was killed during an unfortunate accident at the eniwetok proving ground , located on the eniwetok atoll in the marshall islands .
a very unfortunate and confusing scientific discussion has ravaged the field of electron microscopy of inorganic compounds ; while some have claimed that " the phase information is present in em images " others have the opposite view that " the phase information is lost in em images " .
it is unfortunate that she buries some sound information under such piles of rubbish . "
on some points , such as the celibacy of the clergy , he was willing to recognize certain unfortunate conditions if an agreement could be reached to prevent similar conditions in the future , but no agreement was possible .
these dedications are made to the first beatrice baudelaire ( the mother of the baudelaire orphans ) by lemony snicket in each book in " a series of unfortunate events " .
juan manuel decided to heed this advice and before killing the unfortunate passer - by told him “
it was perhaps , unfortunate for jewit that claspers fame meant that he received the credit .
for scholem , benjamin had been an essentially religious thinker , whose turn to marxism had been merely an unfortunate , but inessential and superficial , expedient .
it is unfortunate that mr. mullen never received recognition for this technological advancements .
after 80 succeeded in killing the brutal zakira , he tried to raise the young baru but unfortunate it was too late .
regarding veselin sljivancanin , convicted by the icty for his role in the vukovar massacre , ratkovic wrote that he was " convinced that the unfortunate colonel sljivancanin is innocent . "
it is distinctly different from schadenfreude in that it describes a forced or artificial commiseration in response to unfortunate events , whereas the latter refers to a joy at the misfortune of others .
alan - a - dale is among the unfortunate ones .
after the release of the " saturday night fever " soundtrack , the bee gees were unable to tour due to their unfortunate commitment to the " sgt .
1up.com judged the project 's closure " unfortunate " but deduced that square enix could not leave the possibility of a " competing " " chrono trigger " remake open .
stewart mason , reviewing the album for allmusic , described the album as " split between tongue - in - cheek parody and straight pop songs " and containing " solidly melodic beatlesque pop " , but was critical of the " unfortunate sterility to innes ' self - production " .
this leads to an unfortunate notational confusion where some recursion theorists reverse the direction of the forcing partial order ( exchanging formula_35 with formula_36 which is more natural for cohen forcing but is at odds with the notation used in set theory .
the main character is a lonely man , who has suffered an unfortunate reversal .
but i had also , consciously or unconsciously , been taught that socially and industrially pretty much the whole duty of the man lay in thus making the best of himself ; that he should be honest in his dealings with others and charitable in the old - fashioned way to the unfortunate ; but that it was no part of his business to join with others in trying to make things better for the many by curbing the abnormal and excessive development of individualism in a few .
because he was such a tearaway in his races , other jockeys became wary of rakwool as hurdles often rebounded when he collided with them , crashing into the next unfortunate runner .
it was unfortunate that i had to address my team with this information this morning .
while go - go 's international profile was on the rise in the 1980s , go - go clubs in d.c. were acquiring an unfortunate reputation for violence .
ken came up with stories for the mansion including tales of a ghostly sea captain who killed his nosy bride and then hanged himself , a mansion home to an unfortunate family , and a ghostly wedding party with previous disney villains and spooks like captain hook , lonesome ghosts , and the headless horseman .
meinecke famously described national socialism in his 1946 book " die deutsche katastrophe " ( " the german catastrophe " ) as a particularly unfortunate " betriebsunfall " ( " on - the - job accident " ) of history .
poor unfortunate souls .
stephen maturin : " he was a very great naturalist , as zealous , prolific and industrious as he was unfortunate .
it ’s one of those unfortunate football things .
in an unfortunate postscript to flynn 's life , the northern territory department of public works had taken the rock from a site sacred to its traditional owners .
this unfortunate episode only came to my notice and thus got into the pages of history because i was in friesoythe at the time and saw people being turned out of their houses and the houses burned .
in vienna nancy had contracted an unfortunate marriage with the psychopathic english composer john abraham fisher , from whom she soon separated .
engtech is an unfortunate choice of initials considering that the abbreviation eng is internationally recognised as meaning engineer .
he respected her desire to live in virginity and joined the third order of st. francis , vying with her in the practice of prayer , mortification and charity towards the unfortunate .
however , due to the unfortunate interference of haven 's own secretary of state arnold giancola , who was tampering with the correspondence pritchart was having with queen elizabeth in order to force pritchart to adopt a harder stance against manticore , the truce ended and hostilities resumed , with haven launching a devastating first strike against manticore under direct orders from president pritchart .
in an unfortunate bout , chávez outhustled johnson throughout the entire fight , beating him severely for the entire fight until the referee finally stepped in and ended it .
particularly unfortunate is the girl who wears green on her wedding day .
bruckbauer was one of the better pitchers in minnesota golden gophers history before making an unfortunate appearance for the minnesota twins during the 1961 season .
later that day after orange had co - curriculum activities with mango , in the locker room , mango reveals to orange that he was secretly in love with the girl on the bridge that day ( lemon ) , but they broke up after manggo shows his pet chameleon to lemon and causing her to fling his pet into the canal , where the same unfortunate accident occurs a night ago on orange .
he is also scared of the mailman and spiders which is quite unfortunate due to the fact that he has a " son " spider named jeff .
it is said to have been visited by the unfortunate king james i of scotland when on his way from edinburgh to england .
even more unfortunate is the expression of that hostility in the destabilization campaign developed by the us administration ...
in 1835 he was appointed secretary of embassy at constantinople , but an unfortunate attempt to counteract russian aggressive designs in circassia , which threatened to lead to an international crisis , again led to his recall in 1837 .
the unfortunate news reached brzeg only at the end of the year .
the " van diemen 's land asylum for the protection of destitute and unfortunate females " ( 1848 ) was the first establishment for women so designated .
the spring 2007 had its ups and downs , but right after the immortals rlfc returned on the right track the unfortunate “ nahr el bared ” incidents forced an early end to the championship .
in the 1992 film " a few good men , " tom cruise 's character of lawyer daniel kaffee expresses disdain to his fellow lawyers about the two marines they are charged with defending in a murder case being guilty on the grounds that the murder they inadvertently committed was the unfortunate result of actions " they were ordered to do " ; following orders is what marines do without question , especially so for those stationed at guantanamo bay naval station .
regarded as one of the finest props in the country , he is believed to have been unfortunate to be overlooked for the springbok squad in november 2007 .
it was then that dada lost most of his immediate family to unfortunate events .
the unfortunate observer that got shot in the back was the italian observer roberto punzo .
silvergon was a true juggernaut of a monster that dwelled in another dimension , known as the rainbow underworld , where he prayed on those unfortunate enough to enter his domain and reigned supreme .
lynn was an innovator , implementing joseph seiden 's new sound technology in " the unfortunate bride " , his 1932 remake of silent film , " broken hearts " ( 1926 ) .
" horseradish : bitter truths you ca n't avoid is a " wit and wisdom " quotation book partly drawn from " a series of unfortunate events " .
this will have the unfortunate side - effect of daytime services to / from severn beach being reduced overall , with only one train every two hours mondays to fridays , as opposed to the current service provided by a bus every hour connecting with every train .
ahmed has the unfortunate distinction of being the very first player to be sent off at the keepmoat stadium , the new home of doncaster rovers .
at the 2004 summer olympics abi was unfortunate in not making the 100 m final .
he has also acknowledged iraq ’s unfortunate reliance on oil to finance reconstruction thus far , although the revenue has begun to be spent on other possible revenue sources including agriculture and energy .
with the red wings loss in game 7 , babcock became the first head coach to lose a stanley cup final game 7 with two different teams , an unfortunate fate that keenan avoided .
the unfortunate life of olav , the main character of " the master of hestviken " , stands in stark contrast to the happiness and good fortune of the young couple .
the establishment had the unfortunate abbreviation " nme " ( the obvious pronunciation being " enemy " ) , and was renamed the " department of defense " ( abbreviated as dod or dod ) on august 10 , 1949 ; in addition , the secretary of defense was given greater authority over three of the branches of the military ( army , navy , and air force ) .
this damballah would spur the creation of brother voodoo and in fact , return via voodoo 's unfortunate desire for power .
his career was actually cut short due to an unfortunate incident in 1970 .
sandy had the unfortunate duty of going in search of len 's fiancé pearl ladderbanks and give her the bad news .
the " dutchman " , able to sail on the sea and underwater , emits terror and potency to those unfortunate enough to cross its path .
schwartz ' paintings deal with the figurative representation of space , showing figures drawn on site , catching immediate impressions , focusing especially on characters from the marginal strata of society : unfortunate people at rest or at work .
wollstonecraft also delves into a description of social issues , addressing the " unfortunate situation of females , fashionably educated , and left without a fortune " in addition to the " treatment of servants " .
after the unfortunate experience of several tens of years , i would shove my hand into the furnace over this issue . "
in 2005 , the u.s. american aggrotech band psyclon nine featured a sample of the poem in the song " the unfortunate " from their album " inri " .
three of those condemned to death by court - martial were shot , and the remainder transported to the british west indies : although they blamed the government , and not their officers , for a breach of faith , it was an unfortunate start to what was to become a remarkable record of service .
a series of unfortunate events .
this led to the occasional unfortunate situation where the home town crowd would have to watch their team lose a game in the last of the ninth inning , in " sudden victory " fashion by the visiting team .
many fans refer to her as one of the most unfortunate characters because of this .
the british army helped the ducal family to evacuate their chattels with 30 army trucks , a favour which other unfortunate families , not related to the british royal family , could not enjoy .
such an environment can frequently lead to a difficult upbringing for children unfortunate enough to find themselves in this position .
daniel handler used the pseudonym lemony snicket to present his " a series of unfortunate events " books as memoirs by an acquaintance of the main characters .
the statement that there is no money to give these unfortunate people a further increase will be regarded by decent christian people as a downright lie .
it comprises 6 volumes of imaginary conversations between personalities of classical greece and rome , poets and authors , statesmen and women , and fortunate and unfortunate individuals .
after a lucrative start to his new venture as a miller , corn - factor and farmer , a large purchase of corn , beans and grist coinciding with the treaty of amiens , which crashed the value of his goods , as well as some unfortunate dealings with men of false credit brought young into trouble with his own creditors , and was made bankrupt in may 1802 .
victorian adventurer and sexologist sir richard francis burton ( john robinson ) , following an " unfortunate encounter " with the fountain of youth in 1892 , is 170 years old and living in toronto , canada .
anal cunt are often cited as having common lyrical themes that include misogyny , homophobia , anti - semitism , racism and ridicule of the unfortunate , although this has not always been the case .
also , around a hundred junior officers and thousands of unfortunate captured bengali soldiers , including members of the east pakistan rifles and police , serving in east pakistan were slaughtered .
stories of homes in the conflict , of lies , of fiery passions and above all of that unfortunate habit of human beings : infidelity .
it is extremely important that steps are taken in good time to ensure the continuity of management services ; it would be very unfortunate , for example , if someone were trapped in the granary mansions lift on the day of hand - over and the right to manage company did not have the lift maintenance contract in place .
“ it is predictable that some outside interests will expand the modest conclusions of these studies to assert that use of mercury amalgam in dentistry is risk free . this conclusion would be unfortunate and unscientific .
yudof 's response to the tuition increase was " when you have no money , you have no money " and said that it was an " unfortunate " consequence of the budget deficit .
set over a span of 10 years from 1957 to 1967 it follows the rather unfortunate career of the protagonist , one staff sergeant walker of the royal military police commencing in the cypriot conflict between eoka and british personnel and then skipping 10 years to walker 's final month prior to retirement whilst he is stationed in berlin .
the loads had the unfortunate tendency of swinging to one side when the car entered a curve at high speed , and the use of the units was discontinued after several derailments .
this is very unfortunate for jack , who is suddenly caught in the crossfire of a lethal triple - cross and becomes as much a target as his nameless prey .
a brutal ( but accidental ) challenge by safri in december 2003 began an unfortunate number of years for the player , spending more time in the stands than on the field .
after being blown up by a group of marines who rescue zarina , the leprechaun is reborn on the marines ' ship via exploding out of the groin of one of an unfortunate man , kowalski .
unfortunate news arrives when azon tells manuel that her mother wants to move far away .
perhaps driven by the unfortunate circumstances in her life to express herself , along with the needs of her family , she delved into different types of art .
he participated in the campaign of michael shishman against the serbs in the unfortunate battle of velbazhd .
it became known as the lavon affair after the israeli defense minister pinhas lavon , who was forced to resign because of the incident , or euphemistically as the unfortunate affair ( hebrew : עסק הביש " esek habish " ) .
many people have noticed that their mascot , the " pirates " has an unfortunate consequence when coupled with the name of their school , causing them to be called the " butte pirates . "
the council gave cranmer the unfortunate task of requiring subscription to the articles from the bishops , many of whom opposed them and pointed out the anomaly of the title - page .
on july 9 , 1968 , chamberlain was the centerpiece of a major trade between the 76ers and the los angeles lakers , who sent center darrall imhoff ( the unfortunate ex - knicks center who started against chamberlain when latter scored 100 points ) , forward jerry chambers and guard archie clark to philadelphia , making it the first time a reigning nba most valuable player was traded the next season ( the other is moses malone in 1982 ) .
the bogd khaan himself was an unfortunate , albeit inevitable , choice as leader of the state in view of his stature as the revered symbol of mongolian lamaism .
at this time , the neighborhood that was once the jewel of st. louis had reached the low point in its history by becoming “ a pocket ghetto of the unfortunate and poor , ” known as “ slum d. ”
the unfortunate fate of the would - be pioneers did not deter other inhabitants of billericay from setting sail for the new world .
the police , for example , are increasingly shown to rarely succumb to graphic violence or other unfortunate events , and even if they do , are typically shown to prevail ultimately , as depicted in police dramas " triple nine " and " heartlanders " .
in 1947 , as a result of an unfortunate incident which occurred during a gridiron encounter , the marching band started the tradition of a post game concert .
the album was released in april 2001 in the uk and europe , but had the unfortunate coincidence to be released on september 11 , 2001 in the us , the same day the united states experienced its 11 terrorist attack , and ultimately drew little notice outside the group 's core fan base .
he pointed out that it was germany and austria who declared war and not the allies , and that their reason for doing so was to purify the earth of the brutal atrocities practised on mankind by their enemies , and to save the unfortunate inhabitants of india , egypt , persia , morocco and africa from the english , french and russians who had forcibly seized their countries and had reduced them to slavery .
for much of the television series , has an unfortunate tendency to be knocked unconscious .
one in a string of " unfortunate events " , that also took the lives of philip and megan shortly thereafter .
the three then encounter the unfortunate belfaygor , the baron of bourne .
in 1971 padbury appeared in piers haggard 's cult british horror film " blood on satan 's claw " as the unfortunate cathy vespers .
however , once again , sands was unfortunate , for a matter of weeks after its release , cameo - parkway went bust , allowing another version of the song , by merrilee rush & the turnabouts , to steal its thunder , topping the charts just months later .
it is the story of a woman , elizabeth bathory , who , in short , was unfortunate to have been born at the wrong time in history … ”
when writing " a series of unfortunate events " , he and his editor thought that the books should be published under the narrator 's name , rather than his .
the timing of henry 's case was very unfortunate ; it was 1527 and the pope had been taken prisoner by the emperor charles v , catherine 's nephew and the most powerful man in europe , for siding with his archenemy francis i of france .
an unfortunate and apparently unconscious , though clear , commingling of distinct statutory provisions which are conceptually unrelated , namely , those pertaining to the categories of inventions in § 101 which may be patentable and to the conditions for patentability demanded by the statute for inventions within the statutory categories , particularly the nonobviousness condition of § 103 .
" the proclamation of an independent romanian state in the territories annexed by force following the secret agreements of the ribbentrop - molotov pact represents a decisive step toward the peaceful elimination of this pact 's unfortunate consequences directed against the rights and interests of the romanian people . "
lyle comes to the conclusion that they were trying to teach these unfortunate subjects guilt .
after a brief pause , marlborough ’s equerry , colonel bringfield ( or bingfield ) , led up another of the duke ’s spare horses ; but whilst assisting him onto his mount , the unfortunate bringfield was hit by an errant cannonball that sheared off his head .
her run came to an unfortunate end against tatiana golovin , when she had to retire with a knee injury whilst leading 5–4 .
at le mans in 2007 , salo / melo / mowlem were leading their class by 3 laps when melo had an unfortunate accident , spinning on an oil slick seventeen hours in the event .
john utterson and dr. lanyon ( original characters from stevenson 's novel ) mourn their unfortunate friend dr. jekyll , until inspector stoddard brings the two to the soho flat , where jekyll / hyde has left an orphan behind .
after his death he was succeeded by the unfortunate nikusiyar who was a nominal sovereign ( and whose reign is sometimes discounted ) .
it is unfortunate that while 5000 years ago , the residents of rakhi garhi enjoyed the privileges of urban life - paved roads and streets , undergroung sewerage system , rainwater harvesting system , toilets and bathing facilities - the modern dwellers at the place live in a muddy village with poor bath and sanitation facilities .
another unfortunate incident for the group occurred in november , 1990 , when members ruben gomez and sergio blass were detained at miami international airport with possession of marijuana .
he took part in the unfortunate anti - ottoman crusade of september 1396 at nicopolis ( in today 's bulgaria ) , and , unlike most on the christian side , managed to flee after the defeat .
many unfortunate decisions were made during this time , including the filing of a lawsuit , by barber and two of his fellow pastors , against earl oldham , the recently retired president of the college .
buchanan states , when the unfortunate princess went to inverness in 1562 , that : " as soon as they heard of their sovereign 's danger , a great number of the most eminent scots poured in around her , especially the frasers and munros , who were esteemed the most " ' valiant of the clans inhabiting those countries in the north . '
during this period some unfortunate events happened and work was relaunched in 1985 by the new owners " portland valderrivas s.a. " and " inmobiliaria asón s.a. " , under the direction of architect fernando alas .
there was an unfortunate moment in the first half for poll , after he accidentally deflected the ball into the path of the ukrainian , maksym kalynychenko .
dicks names meglos ' unfortunate human host and bookends the novel with his kidnappng and subsequent return to earth .
the 1st earl and his unfortunate marriage .
he was originally picked to tour canada with the england saxons however after some unfortunate injuries to the original squad waldouck got the call .
however , that same season they introduced a ' b ' team who had only been playing local friendlies into the woolwich and district league premier division and they were unfortunate to finish bottom of the league following the withdrawal of other clubs .
this being said , there are numerous other definitions and systems of operationalization for sustainability , and there has been competition for influence between them , with the unfortunate result that , in the minds of some observers at least , sustainability has no agreed - upon definition .
for instance , it was traditional during the middle ages for children whose fathers died before their births to use a matronym , and it was not unheard of for children to be given a matronym if the father 's name was foreign , difficult to pronounce , or had an unfortunate meaning .
he later joined struggling association club sunshine where he had the unfortunate fate to be coach of the senior club when it was expelled from the competition mid - season in 1989 .
on the morning of may 17 , american lieutenant john creighton went to " little belt " to apologize for the " unfortunate affair " and to offer space at any of the " ports of the united states " , which bingham declined .
despite maurice 's unfortunate run - ins with the law as a teenager , he managed to devote much of his time to boxing , which was another way of staying out of trouble .
the song was released shortly after the closure of the michael john anderson case , aka the craigslist killer , a factor yankovic considered " unfortunate timing " .
the director of the laboratory was hans von halban , but he proved to be an unfortunate choice as he was a poor administrator , and did not work well with the national research council of canada .
in a training room , xander teaches the unfortunate patterns that proceed during a first date and says they should count this as their first date to avoid all the mess .
this left the unfortunate impression among voters that stv was little more than a gratuitously complex equivalent to existing voting mechanisms .
but , even as she is torn with guilt and fear since the unfortunate event , the damage is done .
the site at belcarra was pre - empted early by european settlers , who were involved in an unfortunate murder in 1882 .
female sexual organs ( cyphopods ) are relatively understudied and underused in millipede taxonomy , with the unfortunate result that female specimens are often unidentifiable to species level .
uncle monty 's house , in lemony snicket 's book series , " a series of unfortunate events " , refers to the home of the baudelaire orphans ' late father 's cousin 's wife 's brother , herpetologist montgomery montgomery .
it is extremely unfortunate when innovative ideas are not recognized for their value , possibly because they were not presented effectively or convincingly .
in asia , europeans " by different arts of oppression .. have reduced the population of several of the moluccas , " he wrote , while " the savage injustice of the europeans " arriving in america , " rendered an event , which ought to have been beneficial to all , ruinous and destructive to several of those unfortunate countries . "
these were unfortunate losses , but it gave the town a green or park at the fringe of the center .
in an interview with the 667 dark avenue fansite , daniel handler alluded to more lemony snicket books focused on the world of " a series of unfortunate events " .
" the notorious notations " is an accompanying book to " a series of unfortunate events " , a book series by lemony snicket .
at lake bunyonyi , a special island was used for dumping these unfortunate girls .
they are primitive and powerful and frequently make raids on ewok villages , where they smash through walls and kidnap ewoks for pets , although the goraxes usually forget to feed them or crush the unfortunate ewoks .
furthermore war rape has been downplayed as an unfortunate but inevitable side effect of sending men to war .
the series also covers inada 's escapade at the silver state classic from the unfortunate ( 1999 ) , to having narrowly escaped ( 2003 ) and the unintentionally hilarious ( 2005 )
an unfortunate consequence was the destruction of hundreds of organs , the barrels of which contained a record of the popular music of the day .
but the path he chose was unfortunate . "
the bewildering number and variety of phonetic values that signs could have in sumerian led to an unfortunate detour in understanding the language — a paris - based orientalist , joseph halévy , argued from 1874 onward that sumerian was not a natural language , but rather a secret code ( a cryptolect ) , and for over a decade the leading assyriologists battled over this issue .
it features ' bumper colour coded paint ' and air conditioning , the latter of which has an unfortunate effect on the 1.1 sx performance , increasing the 0 - 100 km / h time by 4.5 seconds to 17.2 seconds .
these were unfortunate in various ways .
in other player 's story lines , he is often a brainwashed enemy and again necro 's first unfortunate target .
when she chased the french frigates and the brig " entreprenante " early on the morning of 13 september , she outdistanced her companions , with unfortunate results .
maggiore embraced al - bayati 's conclusion that a reaction to amoxicillin was responsible , stating , " i believe the unfortunate irony in this situation is that the one time that we were asked to and that we complied with mainstream medicine , we inadvertently gave our daughter something that took her life . "
a wicked hedgehog named pigwiggen unties the unfortunate squirrel , who is then led to the high priest .
based on panhard 's two - cylinder automobile engine , it was mounted under the floor of the fighting compartment , which had the unfortunate effect of requiring the turret to be removed to conduct major engine repairs .
that unfortunate officer had shut himself up in the captain 's cabin and refused to leave , and he was now forcibly carried off the ship by a party of marines led by his first adversary of the voyage , capt .
it is tangential to the children 's book series " a series of unfortunate events " , and was published shortly before the thirteenth and final installment .
these unfortunate outcasts suffer a life of scorn and violence .
he earned unfortunate notoriety for taking four shots from just 74 yards as the leader playing the final hole of the 1970 british open at st andrews , missing a downhill 3-foot putt to win , before losing the resulting 18-hole playoff by just a single shot the next day to jack nicklaus .
a notable film to have emerged during this period was ryszard bugajski 's 1982 film " interrogation " ( " przesluchanie " ) , which depicts the story of an unfortunate woman ( played by krystyna janda ) who is arrested and tortured by the secret police into confessing a crime she knows nothing about .
what 's unfortunate , however , is that all this technical artistry is in the service of unremarkable themes and ideas .
he first retired to schorndorf ; but , offended by the " semi - pelagianism " of the lutherans with whom he was brought in contact , he removed to holland , where the unfortunate elector and " winter king " frederick , in exile after his brief reign in bohemia , made him tutor to his eldest son .
this had unfortunate side effects .
in spite of walpole 's unfortunate remark that this is the correct form of the name , there is no excuse for using it .
also unfortunate , the pilot of the razor 01 was not told about the enemy 's anti - aircraft location on top of the mountain .
but a series of unfortunate accidental deaths and tragedies during the 20th century , has led to mille - marie treschow being in charge of the family and the company .
and this heterogeneity has an unfortunate implication : namely , screening tends to disproportionately detect slow growing cancers ( because they are accessible to be detected for a long period of time ) and disproportionately miss the fast growing cancers ( because they are only accessible to be detected for a short period of time ) – the very cancers we would most like to catch .
mr. shuan , a mate on the ship finally takes his routine abuse of ransome too far and murders the unfortunate youth .
this unfortunate prince , the utherine brother of the later queen isabel i of castile , lasted a few months being , perhaps poisoned , aged around 16 .
this is not true , of course , and he uses the unfortunate situation to get to the gear he needs to salvage the zephyr .
this is unfortunate as american indians are often less likely to drink than the general population .
urgals are generally seen as little more than beasts by the other races of alagaësia , due mainly to their society being based around defeating as many opponents as possible , regardless of their race or intent , an unfortunate trait that has led to centuries of urgals raiding humans and the humans raiding them in return , creating a deeply rooted bitterness .
chapter 3 : bortag 's unfortunate past .
before his unfortunate injury johns season had been marvelous and despite his lack of involvement in the finals series he was awarded the player of the year dally m medal for a record third time , a feat achieved by none other to - date .
lewis felt that such performances were the result of an unfortunate misinterpretation of stanislavski 's ideas .
henry limpton ( pender ) is a man with an unfortunate compulsion .
val 's dreams of being rich came about through unfortunate circumstances .
it was unfortunate that she refused to follow him there , because otherwise he would not have thrown her over to collaborate with me .
this is unfortunate , as " cname " is an abbreviation of " canonical name " , and the label of a cname record is most certainly not a canonical name .
the principal goes to visit the mother , and upon seeing her genuine love of her child realizes that he can not penalize shuiping for his mother 's unfortunate situation .
a flashback montage showing the boys ' deaths seems to indicate that hank may have met an unfortunate end slightly more frequently than dean .
it was on this day that bhagirath finally did tarpan with the ganges water for his unfortunate ancestors and thereby liberated them from the curse .
handler has also appeared at author appearances as " lemony snicket 's handler " , as well as appearing as snicket himself in various other books and media , including the commentary track for the film version of his books , " lemony snicket 's a series of unfortunate events " .
since its inception , the guru nanak home has worked to rehabilitate poor , unfortunate and disabled children without any consideration of cast , creed or religion .
i think it is unfortunate that anyone has to be killed , but the furor created by mountbatten 's death showed up the hypocritical attitude of the media establishment .
ruthe stein of the " san francisco chronicle " said , " an unfortunate casting decision ... comes close to sabotaging a witty script ...
his outspoken opposition against the host country 's increasing cooperation with nazi germany , in the run up to and during the continuation war , led to an unfortunate failure of his mission to helsinki .
moreover , this idea struck us as unfortunate , as it implied the existence of a commercialization of the selfless work of volunteers to profit bomis , inc.
some scottish kings were very interested in the development of cannon , including the unfortunate james ii , who was killed by the accidental explosion of one of his own cannon besieging roxburgh castle in 1460 .
when asked which of his stories was a favorite in several interviews barks cited the ten - pager in " walt disney 's comics and stories " # 146 ( nov. 1952 ) in which donald tells the story of the chain of unfortunate events that took place when he owned a chicken farm in a town which subsequently was re - named omelet .
the destruction of zhentil keep is his doing , along with many unfortunate problems faerûn has to deal with .
jimmy would shove a gun in the unfortunate truck driver 's face and force him out of the truck and drive the truck away to be unloaded at a predetermined location .
preliminary tests however revealed the unfortunate conclusion that the shovel ’s blade was incapable of stopping the penetration of gunfire even from the smallest of enemy calibre arms .
the timing was unfortunate for enfield as almost simultaneously " the osbournes " began on mtv , having been a sleeper hit in the united states . " the osbournes " , depicting the dysfunctional and unconventional family life of the heavy metal singer ozzy osbourne , was effectively what enfield was trying to satirise with " celeb " . "
with great abilities but unfortunate luck , kosin and the rest of the thai national team were unable to withstand the host nation 's team .
he played twice for the us , suffering an unfortunate debut when he palmed the ball into his own net against morecambe .
in the tenth instalment in the " a series of unfortunate events " collection , " the slippery slope " , carmelita reappears as a member of the snow scouts , a mountaineering group of which quigley quagmire is also a member .
ray has made a handful of appearances for the senior team , somewhat unfortunate to not receive any substantial first team experience due to having to compete with the already established danny murphy and darragh ryan .
back at the opera house , the unfortunate richard has had to stand by while his son pursues the chorus girl christine daae , and now must convince his diva - carlotta , who feels she is too ill to perform - to sing at the performance later that evening , with the help of his staff ( " she says she 's got the nodules " ) .
its meaning is ' unlucky ' or ' unfortunate ' .
this has the unfortunate effect that when a misguided individual cuts off the ground pin to fit it to a type a outlet or extension cord , the live / neutral polarity is lost .
after crashing several times and receiving a " rather unfortunate " injury to his coccyx , he walks away , then turns to the camera , breaking the fourth wall , saying the scene was symbolic of what is to come on many levels .
however , due to an unfortunate turn of events , carla gets pregnant causing her dad to turn the wheel and treat her as a disgrace to the family . "
large has commented that despite the colour and vigour of the music , there is little by way of characterisation , except in the cases of kecal and , to a lesser extent , the loving pair and the unfortunate vašek .
when william outrages mr. jones with his " corner " of sticks and twig sized branches of common firewood , mrs. jones is however quite glad to see them leave for another unfortunate relation !
in response to these complaints , game moderator max temkin said , " it 's unfortunate that people feel threatened at goucher ...
on the unfortunate occasion this may be due to confusion about " where " the top of the form actually is if the musicians get off - sync with one another , or a frantic attempt to regain composure and finish the performance , as playing the head to end a piece is default jam session protocol .
similar unfortunate baby names according to united states census records include i m a pigg , i m a muskrat , i m a nut , i m a hooker , i m a weiner , i m a reck , i m a pain and i m a butt .
whatever one encounters — whether fortunate or unfortunate
the remaining creatures of the vlagh in the ravine met their unfortunate ends with their own poison .
in the unfortunate event that a child is reported missing and/or abducted , the digital information can immediately be reloaded into an alert notification system ( ans ) program like abduction central alert so that an amber alert can be immediately activated by law enforcement .
opening its doors in 1964 , the school was originally going to be called " east wheaton high school " but due to president john f. kennedy 's unfortunate assassination in november 1963 the school took his name as its namesake .
a long - running joke within the letters page is that a reader will ask the editor if he has any photographs related to some topic in the news , but by unfortunate double entendre it can be construed as a request for this photo , which is duly published alongside the letter .
she is very chummy and likes to have a named best - friend , which causes several unfortunate events , but she is also quite loyal to her brothers and sisters .
after waking up , riley instantly knows he was robbed by butch magnus milošević ( daryl sabara ) -- a local bully who menaces all children and even adults unfortunate enough to cross his path .
" unfortunate events in the front seats of the ring of madrid , and the death of the mayor of torrejón " ( or " fatal mishap in the stands ... " ) ( spanish : " desgracias acaecidas en el tendido de la plaza de madrid , y muerte del alcalde de torrejón " ) is an etching with burnished aquatint , drypoint and burin on paper by the spanish artist and printmaker francisco goya ( 1746–1828 ) .
it was perhaps somewhat unfortunate that he came good at a time when the likes of paudie o’shea , jimmy deenihan and company were untouchable .
historian james breck perkins says , " he asked enormous advantages in return for the protection he extended [ to john law and his associates ] , and the unfortunate adventurer [ law ] was not in a position to say no to so powerful a nobleman . "
the problem , however , is not the bullshit itself , but the consequence of the bullshit for the poems unfortunate enough to meet collins ’s criteria , some of which are good , and do n’t deserve to be esteemed by collins , who has once more refused to give us any reason to believe he is something more than an idiot , halfway to an idiot 's best guess at clever . " .
