european observers were also unimpressed with the hat ; robert byron , who adopted one as a disguise while visiting a mosque , commented that it made the wearer look like a " decayed railway porter " .
however , gao soon became unimpressed with du 's behavior , and he escaped from du 's army .
but the congregation quickly departs unimpressed , leaving simón alone .
in 1977 the band named themselves eppu normaali and participated in a rock music competition . finnish folk / pop legend juice leskinen immediately saw the band 's potential and demanded that they must win , but the judges were unimpressed .
unimpressed by the up - start occupying what he considered to be his rightfull place , nizam ul - mulk gathered his forces at shakarkhelda in berar for a showdown with mubariz khan 's army .
. unimpressed by the offer , they instead asked guy kawasaki to front them a $ 25,000 development loan , raised a similar amount on their own , and formed salient software .
what is certain is that they sometimes share a bed ( which , admittedly , is no firm indicator of physical intimacy in this series ) , that they are often depicted holding hands or touching , and that they have kissed at least once in front of an unimpressed chikaru .
dude tells the others that the old man is mining gold , but stretch is unimpressed .
unimpressed with those numbers , the orioles let fussell leave as a free agent after the season and he signed with the kansas city royals .
the protests among the alsatian public continued , unimpressed by this .
samuel pepys , who was also on the expedition , was unimpressed — “ strange to see how surprised and troubled dr. trumbull shows himself at this new work put on him of a judge - advocate ; how he cons over the law - martial and what weak questions he asks me about it . ”
the new enterprise lacked solid editorial direction and left cambridge and london unimpressed ; the national was quickly withdrawn .
solomon is unimpressed by the queen 's gifts , stating that the gifts he has received from god are far greater in value .
often his starting point is a plain copenhagen jargon , combined with a danish down - to - earth homespun philosophy and all kinds of cosy fun and comedy ; the “ little ” man ’s unimpressed comments on a crazy world .
according to philo , caligula was unimpressed because the offering was not made directly to him ( whether to his " genius " or his " numen " is never made clear ) but the statue was never installed .
initially unimpressed , the finns later witnessed a demonstration by a brewster company factory test pilot , who was able to stay on the tail of an finnish fiat g.50 " freccia " monoplane fighter from italy ; although the fiat fighter was slightly faster in level flight , the b could out - turn it .
however , churchill had been unimpressed by wavell 's reluctance to act .
they were unimpressed .
although van den bruck was unimpressed by adolf hitler when he met him in 1922 and did not join the nazi party , nevertheless the phrase was adopted by the nazis to describe the totalitarian state they wanted to set up when they gained power , which they succeeded in doing in 1933 .
colleen delaney of " stylus magazine " was unimpressed by the lyrics ' double entendres and noted that the toast and " deep , booming production save this song from being thin " but that it remained " inane and unengaging " .
rasheed wallace , unimpressed by the pacers , boldly stated " they will not win game two " during an interview before the second game ( locally known as the " guaran - sheed " victory ) .
" the manchester guardian " praised the play for breaking away from coward ’s customary terse style and experimenting with romantic comedy " affectionate and sincere as well as amusing and elegant " . " the times " was unimpressed , describing the piece as " romantic fustian " .
fisher appears to have been unimpressed by these demonstrations , and continued to press for radical increases in the speed of battleships .
russell was unimpressed by lenin , but black , like many english socialists at the time , saw a vision of a future ideal civilisation .
although the navy was satisfied with the investigation and its results , others were unimpressed , and in october 1991 , amid increasing criticism , congress forced the navy to reopen the investigation .
rob sings a few more lines to a clearly unimpressed paul , who basically shoves thomas out of his way .
when ta finally meets mei li , she quickly develops feelings for him , but he is unimpressed .
moreover , julija was unimpressed .
the girls are unimpressed with the pushy young woman who arrives hoping to move in to eleanor 's room .
calls were made to turn it into a state icon but the unimpressed local population preferred to let it fade naturally back into the landscape .
at a party soon afterwards , marie - ange introduces emmanuelle to one of her older lovers , a gentleman named mario , who tells her that he will send a car for her the next night , but emmanuelle is unimpressed .
clive barnes of the " new york post " was similarly unimpressed by holmes - and had few compliments for her co - stars .
however , diệm 's judge was unimpressed ; ba cụt was found guilty of committing multiple murders , and sentenced to death .
for once , maurice richardson , in his review of the november 21 , 1948 issue of " the observer " was slightly unimpressed : " agatha christie has , if not a whole day off , at least part of the afternoon .
ilya , unimpressed by the fight , calls off berserker and leaves .
they were unimpressed with the collection , finding the presented versions of " lamia " confusing , and describing " st agnes " as having a " sense of pettish disgust " and " a ' don juan ' style of mingling up sentiment and sneering [ ... ] a poem unfit for ladies " .
dressed like a little girl , ike / jackson impresses two of the male judges , but they are promptly arrested for masturbating while watching the children , leaving a single , unimpressed female judge .
tyrion himself is unimpressed with the turn of events , particularly as his father has taken up his role as hand , reducing tyrion to an advisory role , although he is later made master of coin to replace petyr " littlefinger " baelish ( who has been named lord of harrenhal for his role in securing the lannister - tyrell alliance ) .
rob sheffield said that while he was unimpressed with the lyrics of other wilco albums , he liked the songwriting on " sky blue sky " .
some of the girls were rather unimpressed by the choices constanzia made for them .
alien balbalu was unimpressed with reimon and ordered antlar to battle him .
it is believed that ox baker 's short 1980 stay in the world wide wrestling federation ( he did one television taping ) was aborted because vince mcmahon sr . was unimpressed with his ringwork ( some rumors have baker initially planned to challenge then heavyweight champion bob backlund ) .
there were initially rumors that the afghan fighters were unimpressed by the american bombardment and refused to advance on the city , but at 2 p.m. , northern alliance forces , under the command of generals abdul rashid dostum and ustad atta mohammed noor , swept across the pul - i - imam bukhri bridge , and seized the city 's main military base and airport .
the inventor , in an unimpressed voice , remarks " seem it all before " at which the gorilla now under a spot light and waring a tuxedo jacket begins to sing in an opera styling causing a deer to shed a tear from the beauty of its singing .
unimpressed , bugs tries flexing his muscles , which are only grape sized .
coach vladimir shantarovich was unimpressed with their szeged bronze medal , accusing the crew of lacking the mental strength to reproduce their best form on the biggest stage .
unimpressed , the italian cowboys ( the butteri ) challenged buffalo bill and his show to a contest of skill .
constrictor , unimpressed with the proceedings , walked out and tried to turn the group over to the avengers .
after hearing a short , live set , mclaren was " clearly unimpressed "- according to chili peppers frontman anthony kiedis .
the new york times " had a more skeptical review , unimpressed by efforts to compare attacks on bill clinton by american conservatives with islamist revolutionary activities , claiming ( in a review by literary and film critic a. o. scott ) that " its understanding of politics , geo- and national , can seem curiously thin " .
the idea came of turning " the singing kettle " album into a show - unimpressed by other children 's theatre shows at the time .
travelers to the town were generally unimpressed , noting the ill - kept and overcrowded inns , the gambling , the dueling , and the bitter political feuds .
he took a psychology class after suffering a breakdown , and was very unimpressed with the state of psychology .
grading the episode as a " b " , " entertainment weeklys jeff jensen was also unimpressed with the cliffhanger and the characters carrying it ; he felt that network executives were partially to blame for going against the wish of the show 's creative team to broadcast " meet kevin johnson " as a midseason premiere as opposed to a midseason finale .
he attempted to impress cassie by stripping down to his boxers on a bed in a caravan but she was distinctly unimpressed when she found him whilst showing alex around .
adler , in his memoir , indicates that he was rather unimpressed with hartenstein , describing him as " a young man from galicia with long hair and short brains , half educated in vienna , and half an actor .
after all of the shopping is done , jon boy puts on a gratuitous exhibition of his rhymes in front of a seemingly unimpressed crowd .
but , as referred by a spokesman for the band , when the band opened the show with classic " feel good hit of the summer " , staff at the clinic were so unimpressed that they pulled the plugs and had security remove them straight away without negotiation .
kneale , who had little involvement with the film , was unimpressed with this casting .
black , unimpressed that peters had insisted on gathering background information about the character , later said he preferred the original london production and webb 's performance .
knopf was generally unimpressed with current literature , though he admired john hersey , john updike , jorge amado , and a few other contemporary authors .
tezuka was unimpressed with ryoma 's attitude toward the matches , and as a result , ryoma is forced to earn his place as a reserve player .
mike joseph of popmatters was unimpressed with the song calling it a " sparse production " .
the magus seems generally unimpressed by the infant , and yet he realizes that the incarnation has changed everything .
skinny puppy were unimpressed by " the downward spiral " , with cevin key attributing nin 's success to " a bit of hype " , and nivek ogre going further , dismissing nine inch nails as " cock rock " , although admitting an appreciation for ministry 's " psalm 69 " .
goethe was unimpressed , although kleist had submitted the first issue with a humble dedication " on the knees of his heart " .
unimpressed with these compromises , some texas residents continued to campaign for independent statehood .
gold coast coach miron bleiberg and owner clive palmer were unimpressed at an opening day away trip .
arthur is unimpressed , and would rather be off fighting wars than taking care of peasants .
though many critics were unimpressed by the focus on the subsequent interchangeable power - ballads in promoting the album , all three ( " cryin ' " , " crazy " and " amazing " ) proved to be huge successes on radio and mtv .
josie is unimpressed by it , so archie enlists the help of spencer to make it more musical .
at the time , the speech received " relatively little coverage from the media . " communists were also unimpressed by the speech , and the soviet press agency tass accused reagan as giving an " openly provocative , war - mongering speech . "
shortly after the beginning of the war , washington faulconer was determined to set up a regiment free of state government control because he was unimpressed by robert e. lee and his lack of support .
the car was tested by gerhard berger in the off season , but he was unimpressed with the new engine , feeling it was underpowered for what it was , especially compared to honda 's v10 engine in the previous year 's car .
he is also unimpressed at the financial status of the family : while the lands are clearly rich , the tenants ' farms are ill - maintained and so indeed are the family buildings ( both darracott place itself and the dower house which is reputed to be haunted and is maintained by a single servant ) .
patrice then admonishes george for letting beki ride on the back of george 's motorbike on saturday and is clearly unimpressed by how enthusiastic beki had been in regards to george 's squat and the fact their bed was a futon / sofa bed .
however , the general public was notably more cynical in its reaction , being unimpressed by what they perceived as the experts ' incompetence , and the law 's heavy - handedness .
in 1917 , coward auditioned some of his material for the producer , who was unimpressed .
the head of the real madrid fan club federation remained unimpressed however , stating : " this character is a fantastic player , but he leaves a lot to be desired as a person . "
the team leader is unimpressed by her presence or her inability to detect any lifesigns whatsoever .
fellow judge louis walsh was unimpressed , and decided she was " dreadful " .
a&r staffer tim clark records that although he argued strongly that island should contract them , company boss chris blackwell at first seemed unimpressed and clark assumed he was not interested .
cordy is unimpressed , and points out her actress skills may come in handy .
the judges are unimpressed by luplau 's performance and he ends up 1 point short of amegaokar , with 58 points .
winchester was usually unimpressed by the authority of superior officers , with the exception of potter .
the failure of the two states ( and their allies ) to overwhelm prussia was considered by paris a major reason for france 's loss of numerous global colonies to the british , while the austrians were unimpressed by the level of french help they had received in their hopes of recovering silesia .
the team are depicted as having been unimpressed with the stage show until the thing volunteers to go on stage , where he is attacked by the convincing illusions of a lion and a monster .
daniel o'leary was interviewed in a local newspaper regarding his son 's exploit but was reportedly unimpressed , commenting : " i am surprised he did n't do more .
however , universal was unimpressed with the nearly - finished product and demanded radio - friendly singles , so the band returned to the studio to appease the label .
the star - ledger " dubbed " eggtown " " the weakest episode of the season " , partially because he also was unimpressed with the lack of plot twists and does not find kate to be a compelling character . "
" the independent"s radio critic robert hanks was unimpressed with kneale 's script for the dramatic sections , but praised the performance of andrew keir in the title role . "
" the new york times " reviewer a. h. weiler was unimpressed , writing that it " strains credibility and rarely excites a viewer . "
r.s. bluck , although unimpressed by previous arguments against the dialogue 's authenticity , tentatively suggests a date after the end of plato 's life , approximately 343/2 bc , based especially on " a striking parallelism between the alcibiades and early works of aristotle , as well as certain other compositions that probably belong to the same period as the latter . "
his business partner in mumbai has called him unimpressed with the ad(which the viewer never actually sees ) and has verbally abused him .
the figc was unimpressed with the new club and did not officially recognize them until 1914 .
unimpressed by his emperor 's architectural skills , hadrian 's most brilliant architect , apollodorus , made a scornful remark on the size of the seated statues within the cellae , saying that they would surely hurt their heads if they tried to stand up from their thrones .
meanwhile , back at the palace , sylvia is getting ready to go to bed , when corvax tries flirting with her , but she is clearly unimpressed .
the post elimination status report on the final six reveals that demelza is unimpressed by alyce .
when the resulting album , " blue " , was released , it received mixed review from music critics but left portions of the old fanbase rather unimpressed .
when the 2005 ( g4 ) gol was released with styling cues from the volkswagen fox , incorporating the " v grill " , most avid automotive enthusiasts were unimpressed with the leap backwards in interior design .
sebastian himself , however , put an end to that plan , declaring that he was unimpressed by the french mild suppression of the huguenot protestants in france , and that he would not bind himself to the house of valois until he had seen how the situation would develop .
ed wuncler sr . is generally unimpressed by his grandson 's idiotic behavior , but apparently has high ambitions for him , mentioning how he thinks of him as the future president of the united states of america .
the argentinian was unimpressed , and continued to contest referee steve bennett 's decisions as the game went on .
unimpressed that senior staff were not going to celebrate the raf 's 50th birthday with a fly - past , pollock decided to do something himself .
anderson spends the evening thinking about his situation , eventually going to borrow grayson 's typewriter where he interrupts a drunken mckendrick lecturing an unimpressed crowd , including the footballers .
( the characters are notably unimpressed by the more high tech version . )
after listening to the impressive sounds bellowed by the creature and claiming to be unimpressed , the peasant warns him that his own shriek is capable of destroying a brain , and tells him that he should only witness it while blindfolded and with his ears muffled .
pius was met with a sullen reception on his return to rome , the romans being unimpressed by the return of the pontiff at the point of french bayonets .
lhaki is seemingly unimpressed , stating that climbing is a foolish pleasure and informing harrer that western civilization is very different from tibet , where a man is more respected for abandoning his ego .
unimpressed , brynhild boasts of gunnar 's ride through the fire and lightning to claim her .
however , gekko is unimpressed , calling the stocks " dogs " .
he is unimpressed by the jerk , the monkey , the moose and the chicken , but is blown away by the freak .
wiligut 's wife remained unimpressed by her husband 's claim to kingship , and blaming him for their destitution she pushed for his hospitalisation in a mental institution .
he has often stated that he is unimpressed with his own singing abilities and merely tries to recreate refused front man dennis lyxzén 's trademark scream .
" slant magazine " was unimpressed with the album , stating that " duff 's voice is nondescript and her delivery is blank ; the impish , quirky , or coolly disaffected vocal characteristics and sex appeal that make other dance - pop divas viable performers is nonexistent . " " the washington post " compared " dignity " negatively to avril lavigne 's 2007 album , " the best damn thing " ; it said " both discs seemed rigged .
the chief prosecutor at the hague , carla del ponte , has remained steadfastly unimpressed by the international support for haradinaj , continuing to make strongly negative statements about him .
she was unhappy with his saloon life and was unimpressed by the sketches of saloon inhabitants that remington regularly showed her .
unimpressed , sigurd asks regin whether he desires his brother 's death for justice or the gold hoard .
unimpressed when rosewood calls the fbi to help solve the case , lutz holds bogomil responsible as commanding officer and suspends him , despite bogomil 's efforts to convince him that rosewood was only following a hunch , a traditional aspect of police work .
the judges were unimpressed with sharaun ’s photo , her interview and her insincere personality .
pigneau de behaine and puymanel seem to have disliked each other , and pigneau was rather unimpressed with puymanel 's drinking habits and reliance on saigon prostitutes .
james doakes ( erik king ) question tucci when he wakes up in hospital , but doakes is unimpressed with debra 's ways of extracting information from tucci .
on the other hand , there are commentators who are unimpressed with these resemblances and consider them to be accidental .
beauprez was visibly unimpressed with ritter 's rebuttal , and said he helped quickly extradite cop - killer raul gomez - garcia , an illegal immigrant , by applying leverage through an amendment he offered .
unimpressed with what he saw , he notified the secretary of the navy that the dry tortugas were unfit for any kind of naval establishment .
potter 's mother won substantial damages from the bbc and " the listener " , who were reportedly unimpressed by whitehouse 's claim to have had a blackout on air and subsequently to have had no recollection of her words .
problems with cracked cases and overheating batteries prompted several recalls , while some users were simply unimpressed with the specifications of the machine and its lackluster performance .
unimpressed , angel punches hamilton so hard it snaps hamilton 's neck and says , " i guess forever just got a hell of a lot shorter " as hamilton falls to the floor dead .
initially unimpressed with sage 's fighting skills , but wanting him alive and at full strength for their fight , marco helped bring jackie back to hub city .
colonel melkett , unimpressed by the blackout , arrives , and brindsley 's worst nightmare comes true as harold returns early , and brindsley tries desperately to return the furniture without harold noticing .
kirk bohls was among commentators who were unimpressed by the longhorns performance , saying , " if this becomes the pattern , look for a 7–5 season . "
interestingly copies were sent to the lead singer holly johnson by the label and he liked the release , the ztt label were unimpressed by this illegal reissue .
demelza apologizes to alamela for her behaviour the previous week , but alamela is unimpressed .
when arab - israeli niral karantinji participated in the second installment of the show the muslim community was unimpressed by seeing her drinking alcohol and posing topless on national television .
in 1938 massey and mclean discussed how unimpressed they were by the standard of films produced by the canadian government motion picture bureau .
camille does so with enthusiasm , and njegus , who is watching the pair closely , is unimpressed by the open display of camille 's and valencienne 's affection for each other .
lisa is unimpressed by the film , but her classmates tease her .
ranjitha , unimpressed with the story and wary of his behavior , rejects him .
the fans protested at alexa 's arrival in timişoara through several banners and chants , but the club 's management remained unimpressed .
walter winchell wrote : " its seething quality gets inside of you . " on the other hand , herman f. weinberg , a noted psychiatrist , was unimpressed .
mckay was unimpressed with the candidates at backup quarterback , saying of one injured contender , " his hand is still bad , but his passing is worse " .
employees who are offered personalized training may not value it if they were unimpressed with their previous experiences with the training unit , and thus believe that even personalization wo n't make the time invested worthwhile .
the kensington vestry was unimpressed , and petitioned parliament for the closure of the racecourse .
although distinctly unimpressed with the band itself , barrett saw something in their young singer who , only a few years earlier , had been hanging around looking for ideas from the backbeats .
herbinger was unimpressed .
ragusnik is unimpressed .
khrushchev returned from the us convinced that he had achieved a strong personal relationship with eisenhower ( who in fact was unimpressed by the soviet leader ) and that he could achieve détente with the americans .
william stafford , a servant to henry tudor , makes mary 's acquaintance , but she is altogether unimpressed and annoyed by his mannerisms .
the court was unimpressed with kneeland 's claims .
at first , hardin was unimpressed with louis , who arrived in chicago wearing clothes and a hair style that she deemed to be " too country " for chicago , but she worked to " take the country out of him " and a romance developed ( to the surprise of other band members , some of whom had been trying to woo pretty hardin for some time with no success ) .
unimpressed by these losses the ibf put him in another eliminator with another don king - fighter in louis azille .
many people were still unimpressed and it turned out to be the last fight for hatton with billy graham in his corner .
his reports of los adaes , presidio nuestra senora de loreta , and the presidio at san antonio were favorable , but he was unimpressed with presidio de los tejas , whose 25 soldiers were guarding empty missions .
saga mask is unimpressed and quickly breaks tsutomu 's arms and legs and then uses a german suplex on him .
tully 's ex - partner - turned - private - eye arrives , cross is unimpressed .
however , they had neglected to inform nbc and castle rock of the change , and when the season premiere aired , they were surprised and unimpressed , and requested that they return to the original style .
her creations include the " frustrés " , and the unimpressed teenager " agrippine " ( reader of " heidegger in the congo " , a particularly un - pc joke on the " the adventures of tintin " series ) .
hal hinson of " the washington post " was unimpressed with the film , calling it jarmusch 's " least engaging , and the first in which his bohemian posturing actually becomes an irritant " .
lance corporal lee hibbs , having also left the army and being unimpressed with work as a nightclub bouncer , joins peterson and lester , thinking he can play a role in rebuilding iraq .
unimpressed by shawar 's actions , amalric besieged cairo and attempted to storm the city .
perceiving this second slight to be a consequence of the first , caldwell returned to england at once and refused to serve at sea again even if the admiralty , who had been unimpressed by his attitude , offered him employment , which they did not .
the jury were apparently unimpressed by the defendants , and pronounced them both guilty .
disraeli had been unimpressed by mary anne when he first met her , but he came to understand that she was shrewder than her outwardly silly manner and non - sequiturs had led him to believe , and she was a great help to him in editing the books he wrote .
apparently the listeners ( who included the behaviorist john watson , lincoln steffens , and george seldes ) were perplexed and unimpressed .
they encouraged people to send them demos for the vocal job , but the band were so unimpressed with the demos that flynn trained his voice to fill the vacancy .
" bain was also unimpressed with the chorus . "
bertie is unimpressed by the book , while jeeves delicately characterizes it as a " somewhat immature production , " but it is apparently reasonably well - received in literary circles , as bertie states that florence is " like ham and eggs with the boys with the bulging foreheads round bloomsbury way . "
one reader though was distinctly unimpressed .
unimpressed , iron man politely declines , when suddenly the duo is attacked by doctor doom in a large aircraft .
" idol " producer nigel lythgoe , who was unimpressed with the evidence presented on the " primetime live " special , called it " shoddy journalism " .
rowan , who was left traumatised by the taunts and attacks during her time on the show , was noticeably unimpressed by the apology .
he was unimpressed with the film , when comparing it to the two tim burton films , and that christian bale 's presence was hindered by the " dull earnestness of the screenplay " , the final climax was " cheesy and unexciting " , and that nolan had resorted to imitating the " fakery " used by other filmmakers when filming action sequences .
despite being invited to participate in the making of the movie , westwood was unimpressed with the costuming by renowned stylist patricia field .
lovering had stopped drumming by this point and was at first unimpressed by the trio 's performance of the band 's songs .
initial testing was successful , but hull and the new commanding officer of " constitution " jacob jones were reportedly unimpressed with paddle wheels on a us navy ship ; jones had them removed and stowed in the cargo hold before he departed 13 may 1821 for a three year tour of duty in the mediterranean .
warren put together a portfolio of " dirty pair "– related work which smith then took to sunrise studios , but they were unimpressed with the work and negotiations went nowhere .
the pollsters remained unimpressed by colorado , dropping them to # 9 to number nine despite the win .
unimpressed , they put the film on the back burner until the box office success of " sex and the city " convinced them there was an audience for an all - female film .
unimpressed by existing dating sites catering to alternative sexuality , he set out to create an “ non - dating site ” .
floriot attempted to portray petiot as a resistance hero , but the judges and jurors were unimpressed .
gibernau was unimpressed with rossi 's move but neither he nor his gresini team lodged a formal protest .
although most critics seemed rather unimpressed with the show , nagra 's performance is notable in that she was a woman of colour portraying a traditionally white character .
that night , harry comes home to tell his father that he 's tried out for the football team , but he is unimpressed .
the traditional ruler remains unimpressed and expects the nigerian breweries to commit to real and sustainable development assistance to mitigate the negative social effects of under - age drinking , prostitution and an emerging crime wave , while taking urgent and credible measures to pay a fair compensation for hundreds of hectares of community land , forcibly seized by the state government , ostensibly for social housing , but which was then handed over to nigerian breweries in a murky deal between the company and the former governor chimaroke nnamani now under investigation for corruption and theft of hundreds of millions of dollars of public funds .
the 1993 pre - season for north melbourne was poor and many players were rumoured to be unimpressed with the club 's leadership and lack of professional facilities that could potentially improve matters .
there assayers were unimpressed with the ore .
mainstream economists have generally been unimpressed by this work .
noel attended one of their concerts at manchester 's boardwalk , but was unimpressed by the group 's act .
obviously unimpressed with jackie 's knowledge of boxing , larocca offers her the fight 's loser 's contract for a dollar .
the album was played in front of an assembled group of executives at columbia 's headquarters in california , but several were reportedly unimpressed by what they heard .
bankers were unimpressed with the plan , but they eventually secured financing from several sources , notably col .
he became a more significant character following lois ' engagement to clark kent , being highly unimpressed with the mild - mannered reporter despite his obvious commitment to lois .
the oldest of the sutherland girls , dani was a city girl initially unimpressed with life in summer bay .
homer is the only one who liked the cartoon , while everyone else is unimpressed .
however , leah has remained unimpressed with geordi 's engine modifications , and is unresponsive to his clumsy attempts to get closer .
he was similarly unimpressed with simon maccorkindale noting that , “
yet firms that must seek workers from this graduate pool have remained unimpressed with the quality of recruits and have had to rely on their own job - training programs that provide re - education for their newly hired workers .
while patrolling an observation on a gang of teenage joyriders , kerry seduced smithy in his car and were caught out half naked on the back seat by an unimpressed des taviner after the area car was stolen .
the richmond side were obviously unimpressed by the new rules in practice because they subsequently helped form the rugby football union in 1871 .
for some reason matthew gurewitsch finds this change somewhat odd : " horatio and a sidekick blab the dread news of the ghost 's appearance to a squadron of frolicking young officers , who are totally unimpressed . " )
they were unimpressed that a fundamental functional change to the default behaviour of net - lib occurred without more than a passing mention in an unrelated document .
afterwards he uses " newport news " and turns him into witch hazel ( unimpressed , bugs comments to himself " i can do better than that . " ) , then finally his use of the incantation " walla walla , washington " , the count is finally turned into a two - headed male vulture .
kaleohano was unimpressed .
hitler unimpressed .
densmore saw the machine for the first time in march 1868 , and was unimpressed ; he thought it clumsy and impractical , and declared it " good for nothing except to show that its underlying principles were sound " .
they were unimpressed by it , and decided it must be the butchered remains of fanny adams .
when these men came to the united states to observe the assembly line and mass production that had made ford rich , they were unimpressed .
shortly thereafter , the duo produced the song " plague " as their follow - up , but were unimpressed with the overall sound of the song , and so it became an internet - only release .
mickey was unimpressed with his father 's sudden return ; he refused to forgive mike for his prior neglect , and they fought when mike made derogatory comments about rosie .
sarah hughes of " the independent " was unimpressed with the first five episodes but also found that the later episodes became " as involving and addictive as whedon 's best work " .
marian is further unimpressed at much 's manipulation of the peasants fear of " the giant toad monster of stoke - on - trent " to sell tacky toys .
he was unimpressed with the quality of existing british stores and decided to invest some £ 400,000 in building his own department store in what was then the unfashionable western end of oxford street .
it was while he was in dickens hill that nick confessed to an unimpressed den that he was guilty of killing reg cox four years previously , who had been battered to death in the first episode of eastenders in february 1985 .
in spite of the boat achieving a speed of 10 miles an hour , comparable with that of existing paddle steamers , symonds and his entourage were unimpressed .
many critics were unimpressed with the album 's 80 's retro camp and tributes to the late notorious b.i.g. while some critics praised the album 's use of samples and raunchy lyrics .
deakin was unimpressed and had previously invited the american great white fleet to visit australia in 1908 .
the finn was unimpressed with that manoeuvre .
perry was unimpressed and decided to maintain their original intention .
although he tried to explain that being brought up in the country and having to protect your property was the reason he owned the gun , pam remained unimpressed .
mogg first appeared in " tradeshow showdown " where he insulted wakeman and is unimpressed with jenny .
" the daily telegraph " was similarly unimpressed , saying " the composer falls below the level of accomplishment one might have reasonably expected .
the bbc was equally unimpressed with the song , claiming it stole the melody of the jackson 5 song " i want you back " .
the anglo - amalgamated financiers were also unimpressed and consequently did not invite anderson to work for them again .
new head coach mike ditka and team founder and owner george halas were unimpressed .
richard wagner had arrived in lauchstädt on august 1 to investigate the offer of a position as conductor of the madgeburg company and was unimpressed by the offer until he met minna by chance while looking for lodgings for the night .
yakko is unimpressed , noting that the catch could be found anywhere .
when cooper screened o'brien 's stop - motion " creation " footage , he was unimpressed but realized he could economically make his gorilla picture by scrapping the komodo dragons and costly location shoots for o'brien 's animated dinosaurs and the studio 's existing jungle set .
my pretty little gir - rl ! " the producers are unimpressed .
even still we can not be unimpressed by the title of one nineteenth century novel called " sense and sensibility " by jane austen .
despite the duke ’s restorative efforts , gilpin remained unimpressed with the abbey , and complained that “ though the parts are beautiful , the whole is ill - shaped ” .
the performances were not a success ; for one thing , audiences seemed unimpressed by a performance in which the action on stage was so limited in comparison with the more popular types of drama .
unimpressed by the genuine fighting , the crowd deems it " fake " and begins to leave .
steiger was unimpressed with stuart 's history of quitting his garage and hospital jobs , as well as the army , and his involvement with " life mechanics " .
seraph , unimpressed with logan 's attitude , takes him under her wing .
" k.k.k.k.k. " can be considered so tight a key release in the shibuya kei sub - genre of japanese pop - however , western critics were largely unimpressed by the album .
despite its popularity , franz liszt heard the piece at the schumanns ' home and was distinctly unimpressed by it , dismissing it as being " too leipzigerisch " , a reference to the conservative musical style of composers from leipzig , especially felix mendelssohn .
finn is unimpressed with rachel 's new look , and kurt tells her they both need to accept that he is in love with quinn .
after losing his money in the wall street crash , dansey worked as a full - time agent for mi6 in italy to keep tabs on mussolini 's fascist movement , but was unimpressed with the service , which he believed to be incompetent .
the local media were unimpressed .
philips was initially unimpressed with yelvington and the star rhythm boys , because he was not interest in recording straight - ahead country music ; however , he thought the band had potential , and had them audition a large number of songs .
subsequently , an unimpressed lex luthor , pulls his gun and says that " i was n't going to do this for another few weeks but seriously , turning all of humanity into apes ?
atia is unimpressed with the egyptian queen , whom she feels is beneath her ; as cleopatra is leaving , atia whispers in her ear , " die screaming you pigspawn trollop . "
the romans were unimpressed with this defensive strategy and at first gave fabius his epithet as an insult .
wallace then submitted his song to the bbc ( which is an ebu member which supports the uk entry to the contest ) , in an attempt to receive their backing — their judges , however , were unimpressed .
he is also unimpressed with brindsley 's sculpture , which he looks at using his lighter .
like most changes , opinions on whether the changes were for the better or not vary widely ; some fans really liked the changes , while others were unimpressed and elected to stick with the more familiar rm2 .
he later enrolled at the école des beaux - arts in geneva but then returned to berne , after being unimpressed with the educators there .
the government in london was distinctly unimpressed that soe , with the tacit acceptance of norwegian high command , had selected a former notorious criminal to take part in such a task .
critics were largely unimpressed by this film , who compared it to wilder 's earlier works with mel brooks .
however they were unimpressed with its solution for lan access , which consisted of a system extension that redirected appletalk data into a sort of virtual modem port .
jake , unimpressed , draws up plans for a raid .
upon finishing each act , he looks around to see the unimpressed , stern - faced doctors in the exact same frame position each time ( " what a tough audience !
filmmaker raj kapoor was unimpressed with her look , when he met her at ftii .
the rest of the band was equally unimpressed .
kevin is unimpressed with them and janice falls off her chair .
