the vast planes of text seem to convey ancient wisdom , but are in fact unintelligible . " the glassy surface of a lake " , a site - specific installation for the elvehjem , was on view in 2004 - 05 .
although the ryukyuan languages belong to japonic languages group , sharing the same root with mainland japanese , they are mutually unintelligible .
the arrangement of the volumes , however , is peculiar , and the neglect to indicate these peculiarities has made the accounts given to this edition in most bibliographies almost unintelligible .
thus , contacts between sireniki eskimos and siberian yupik meant using a different language for sireniki eskimos : they either resorted to use of lingua franca , or used siberian yupik languages ( being definitely a different language for them , not just a dialect of their own language : they were mutually unintelligible ) .
bafflegab [ baf - uhl - gab ] is a slang term referring to confusing or generally unintelligible jargon .
these complex systems have a rather random appearance and , until recently , have been labeled and discarded as chaotic and unintelligible .
it is now mostly mutually unintelligible from standard german .
sti was developed in the beginning of the 1970 ’s , it is a machine measure of intelligibility whose value varies from 0 = completely unintelligible to 1 = perfect intelligibility .
his works included a treatise , in latin , on fevers ( " de febribus intermittentibus " ) ( 1683 ) , and " the mysteries of opium revealed " ( 1700 ) ( which was described by one commentator as " extraordinary and perfectly unintelligible " . )
an internal fox email documented that executives at fox felt the script was " one of the most unintelligible pieces of shit they had read in years " .
the word " indéchiffrable " ( " unintelligible " ) was also produced with a chain of five signs : interior - understand - possible - adjective - not .
a ball gag 's purpose is more of humiliation rather than silence ; the wearer can still be heard , but it renders their speech completely unintelligible , distorts their facial features , and , should the wearer attempt to talk , excessive drooling will result .
native speakers of niʻihau hawaiian are able to use a manner of speaking among themselves which is significantly different from the hawaiian of the other islands , so different that it is unintelligible to non - niʻihau speakers of hawaiian .
the inhabitants of zhejiang speak wu , a subdivision of spoken chinese , but the wu dialects are very diverse , especially in the south , where one valley may speak a dialect completely unintelligible to another valley a few kilometers away .
a classic example is the chinese languages , which can be mutually unintelligible in spoken form , but belong to the same language family and have a unified non - phonetic writing system .
although each language of the family is mutually unintelligible , their similarities are rather striking .
an additional problem was that the vulgar latin of the later western roman empire had begun to diverge into the regional dialects , the precursors to today 's romance languages , that were becoming mutually unintelligible and preventing scholars from one part of europe being able to communicate with persons from another part of europe .
it was thought at first that the ship was an australian corvette , but when challenged , she made an unintelligible reply , with a lamp which was the wrong colour , and then turned away , making smoke .
a lot of the words that he was speaking were unintelligible , but he mentioned ' die ' at least two times as we were providing medical treatment to him . "
which is reported to be mutually unintelligible with other varieties .
though at first considered " unintelligible " , it was eventually deciphered by hoernle and was considered one of the most brilliant achievements of his career .
critic stephen holden of " the new york times " referred to the film as " a dreary , overstuffed hodgepodge of poorly edited martial arts sequences and often unintelligible dialogue " .
when language a is unintelligible to monoglot speakers of language b , a is considered a different language from b. however , this criterion often disagrees with the actual conventions used .
however , it is unintelligible with the christian neo - aramaic of sanandaj : senaya .
one of the arguments against the theoretical soundness of the concept suggests that the constant changing and broadening of its definition — which has come to encompass many unrelated elements — had rendered it an unintelligible concept .
the words of the songs are in a largely unintelligible language , although some sailor terms can be distinguished .
this track features an unintelligible synthesized " voice " that harmonizes with the melody , as technical limitations for the spc700 sound format chip prevented the use of an actual vocal track ( although some developers eventually figured out how to overcome the limitation a few years later ) .
the other , simply titled " racism , " is an aggressive death metal rocker whose thought provoking lyrics are unintelligible due to the speed of the lyrics ( although they are printed in full on the cd ) .
although the tribe considers itself to be kresh , the language is unintelligible to the kresh .
it is subdivided into four main dialects ( east , south , west and north mansi ) which are mutually unintelligible , of which southern and western are extinct .
classical chinese was the written standard in china for thousands of years , and allowed for written communication between speakers of various unintelligible languages and dialects in china .
italo - arbërisht and greco - arbërisht have a mutually intelligible vocabulary base , the unintelligible elements of the two dialects stem from the usage of italian or greek modernisms in the absence of native ones .
the sami in jämtland are southern sami people and speak southern sami ( or " åarjelsaemien giele " , as it 's known in southern sami ) a language mutually unintelligible with the other sami languages .
both tend to contain a number of unintelligible phonic fragments such as om , or hu.m , which is perhaps why some people consider them to be essentially meaningless .
the cartoon then rolls and the two characters hop around insanely and speak an unintelligible language in a factory .
one critic of adorno writes that his book " kierkegaard : construction of the aesthetic " is " the most irresponsible book ever written on kierkegaard " because adorno takes kierkegaard 's pseudonyms literally , and constructs an entire philosophy of kierkegaard which makes him seem incoherent and unintelligible .
in the essay , camus introduces his philosophy of the absurd : man 's futile search for meaning , unity and clarity in the face of an unintelligible world devoid of god and eternal truths or values .
the associated disorder resulting in an overage of cluttered speech is cluttering , in which speech becomes so cluttered that it becomes unintelligible , frequently through an overage of normal disfluencies such as repetitions , revisions , and interjections .
carpenter was calling from a decompression chamber with helium gas replacing nitrogen , so carpenter sounded unintelligible to operators .
few of the lyrics can actually be understood , consisting as they do of deliberately unintelligible chanting in the " scat " manner .
the book of mormon records that the mulekites spoke a language largely unintelligible to the nephites .
his notes became exceedingly scattered and unnecessarily extensive during this period and by 1708 were almost unintelligible .
the nearly unintelligible ( and innocuous ) lyrics were widely misinterpreted as obscene , and the song was banned by radio stations and even investigated by the federal bureau of investigation .
in the version recorded live in madison square garden , the controversial lyric " mother , i want to fuck you " can be heard clearly , instead of the unintelligible screaming of the studio version .
genderqueerness is unintelligible and abjected in the binary sex / gender system .
vonlenska is a term used to describe the unintelligible lyrics sung by the band , in particular by jón þór birgisson .
an allophone is not distinctive , but rather a variant of a phoneme ; changing the allophone will not change the meaning of a word , but the result may sound non - native , or be unintelligible .
finland - swedes have difficulties with understanding the närpes dialect , and it is almost unintelligible to anyone else , so speakers of the närpes dialect have to learn their standard swedish well .
once learned , however , it was a common medium for communication between people speaking different dialects , many of which were mutually unintelligible by the end of the first millennium ce .
although almost completely unintelligible , this is the first instance of kryptonian being spoken on screen or radio .
they paced the stage , spewing out unintelligible lyrics .
legends of barbarous radiates range from correct and exact copies of the prototype , to a jumble of unintelligible , meaningless letters and symbols .
those in the northern part of rio muni speak fang - ntumu , while those in the south speak fang - okah ; the two dialects are mutually unintelligible .
it is mutually unintelligible with the related wakhi language , also the mother tongue of a minority of pamiris in china .
the tibetan languages are a cluster of mutually unintelligible tibeto - burman languages spoken primarily by tibetan peoples who live across a wide area of eastern central asia bordering south asia , including the tibetan plateau and the northern indian subcontinent in baltistan , ladakh , nepal , sikkim , and bhutan .
the speech of a child with developmental dyspraxia may be unintelligible to the point that daily communication needs can not be met and that the child experiences great amounts of frustration .
this reprint suffered from poor reproduction that rendered many panels unintelligible .
some decades ago the covey dialect still existed and was unintelligible to outsiders .
john defrancis ( 1984:57 ) suggests " regionalect " for the mutually unintelligible varieties of chinese , leaving " dialect " for the mutually intelligible sub - varieties .
the acts relating to any subject of importance or difficulty will be found to be scattered over many years , and through the operation of clauses partially repealing or amending former acts , the final sense of the legislature becomes enveloped in unintelligible or contradictory expressions .
further , china is not truly monoglot : standard mandarin is official but different spoken variants of chinese are often mutually unintelligible ; the diaspora disproportionately speaks cantonese .
it should be noted , however , that acts records that everyone in a nearby crowd was able to understand what the apostles were saying at pentecost , whereas glossolalia as usually practised today is unintelligible to everybody other than the speaker .
hopkins , much older than his wives , was said to be unintelligible as he was both deaf " and " mute — although he is wearing a hearing aid in his right ear during filming .
china has numerous regional and local variants of spoken chinese , many of which are mutually unintelligible .
necrid 's spoken lines in the game are unintelligible , and no voice actor has ever been credited .
she said that " the battles , even as late in the game as volume twelve , remain practically unintelligible " and that it is difficult to tell " who is doing what to whom and when . "
the teams must decipher the near - unintelligible lyrics of a song , often leading to bizarre interpretations .
the critics contend that antruz dialect is unintelligible to most goans , let alone other konkanis , and that devanagari is used very little as compared to roman script in goa or kannada script in coastal karnataka .
in mainland china and taiwan , standard mandarin is the lingua franca between speakers of different and mutually unintelligible chinese spoken languages , and between the han chinese and other ethnic groups in china ; however the local lingua franca still is standard cantonese in guangdong province , hong kong , macau .
the " ouendan " games have been criticized as unintelligible to western markets due to its emphasis on japanese ōendan culture , however despite this yano has created western - targeted localizations such as the blues brothers - influenced " elite beat agents " .
from said perspective , obscure ( clouded , vague , abstruse ) writing does not necessarily signal that the writer has a poor grasp of the subject , because unintelligible writing sometimes is purposeful and philosophically considered .
the song 's lyrics are notoriously unintelligible owing to jobson 's diction .
this track features an unintelligible synthesized " voice " that harmonizes with the melody , as technical limitations for the spc700 sound format chip prevented the use of an actual vocal track .
they would almost certainly deny that the mind simply is the brain , or vice - versa , finding the idea that there is just one ontological entity at play to be too mechanistic , or simply unintelligible .
the reason for the terms widespread usage for naming indigenous languages is that it is a word from the lago language meaning " to speak unintelligible " or " gibberish " .
" lhoba " tribespeople living in chinese tibet speak at least three mutually - unintelligible languages : idu ( mishmi ) , a tibeto - burman language of uncertain classification , bokar ( adi ) , a tibeto - burman language of the eastern tani branch , and na ( bengni ) , a tibeto - burman language of the western tani branch .
critical reaction was negative , with allmusic saying that many of " the songs disintegrate as his vocals are reduced to the unintelligible babbling of a child .
having due regard to the magic papyri , in which many of the unintelligible names of the abrasax - stones reappear , besides directions for making and using gems with similar figures and formulas for magical purposes , it can scarcely be doubted that many of these stones are pagan amulets and instruments of magic .
this is similar to , but unlike , typical sleep talking , which can usually be identified easily and is characterised by incoherent speech that often has no relevance to the situation or that is so disorganised as to be completely unintelligible .
juan 's ranting is unintelligible to most english speakers , owing to his hard accent and that he is hoarse from screaming for so long .
pressing the buttons in the correct order , with the correct timing , provides an intelligible imitation of the words spoken by the character ; pressing the buttons in an incorrect order or with incorrect timing rewards the player with nothing more than unintelligible gibberish .
however , peter ca n’t control his drinking and he is demoted ; he ends up as a subordinate to opie , a mentally handicapped man whose speech is unintelligible babbling .
it was not until late in his life that it was discovered that in fact his tongue was attached to his palate , which was the reason why his speech was unintelligible to most .
the reasons internalist claims that external reasons are unintelligible ; one has a reason for action only if one has the relevant desire ( that is , only internal reasons can be reasons for action ) .
side two ( particularly the song " hero " ) was acknowledged as important influence by many later involved in the uk 's punk rock scene , with dinger 's sneering , unintelligible vocals searing across a distorted motorik beat with aggressive single chord guitar poundings .
necrid 's speech is unintelligible , and the vocal samples in the game 's sound test are named after emotions , such as " determination " and " indignation " .
the second fault is created by incorrect proportion , and the last he believes is more of an unintelligible design .
later games included other jokes that originated in similar fashion ; " mortal kombat 4 " had characters quickly uttering unintelligible battle cries such as saying " ooh i 'm gon na throw you over there " when a player performed a throw ( many are , in fact , screams of silly words in spanish like " play the piano " and " do n't touch me ! " )
the doctor quickly deduces from the unintelligible grunts coming from the beast that the consciousness of the beast has already managed to escape .
the episode both begins and ends with " yes , " a word that joyce described as " the female word " and that he said indicated " acquiescence and the end of all resistance . " this last , clear " yes " stands in sharp contrast to her unintelligible first spoken line in the fourth chapter of the novel .
this does not prevent tapping but does make the stolen data unintelligible to the thief .
the player receives an unintelligible radio transmission which leads them to the alien crash site .
a manuscript came into his hands written in the most unintelligible cipher , a manuscript which through the author 's own interpretation became zanoni .
highland chontal and lowland chontal ( huamelultec ) are mutually - unintelligible languages .
in rare instances , a bajan speaker may be completely unintelligible to an outside english speaker if sufficient slang terminology is present in a sentence .
due to the indigo tribe oath being spoken in an unintelligible language , no further details are known .
the censure was echoed by nicholas de jongh in the " evening standard " in his less than enthusiastic review of the play , criticising oberman for her " often unintelligible german accent " .
26b , which is a shortened ( and therefore unintelligible ) version of sifra , ḥobah , ix . 2 ; and zeb .
although vygotsky believed inner speech developed from external speech via a gradual process of internalization , with younger children only really able to " think out loud , " he claimed that in its mature form inner speech would be unintelligible to anyone except the thinker , and would not resemble spoken language as we know it ( in particular , being greatly compressed ) .
the royal picture is generally based on " parthian " coinage , usually with an anchor with star in crescent figure , but the reverse has only horizontal lines ( this has led numismatists to believe that the engravers did n't know greek or copied from coins whose writing was already unintelligible ) .
a secret register called " lišanəd ṭəšwa " was used to make speech unintelligible to adjacent muslims and christians .
tympani rolls and drum kit commence this part , highlighted by unintelligible " lyrical " utterances , growls , and screams by oldfield ( who , according to rumours , was then intoxicated ) , in rebellion against richard branson 's desire to include at least one part with lyrics to release as a single ( at the time , oldfield was not interested in adding lyrics to his music ) .
" chronicles of chaos " reviewer criticized the vocal style of jens staschel , stating : " the constant low guttural growling is completely unintelligible , used more like a ( very blunt ) instrument rather than a means to convey lyrics . "
speaking in an unintelligible voice that he calls the " language of diplomacy " the baron presents joey to the sultan .
the structures of the data representations may contain hundreds or thousands of dimensions and be unintelligible to a person , but they must be transformable into lower - dimensional representations for visualization and analysis .
unintelligible monster .
if one user has a high - bitrate audio codec , and the other uses has a low - bitrate , the user with the high - bitrate will be able to hear the user with the low - bitrate , as the tandeming will not have enough of an opportunity to make the speech completely unintelligible .
on first listen , many of the lyrics sound like unintelligible screaming and ( with the exception of the instrumental " out in the gardener " ) the songs are thrashed through at breakneck speed .
there a multitude of mutually unintelligible languages in indonesia .
double parentheses indicate obscured or unintelligible sound , as in ( ( 2 syll . ) ) , two audible but unidentifiable syllables .
it blends the principal elements of the mutually unintelligible manding languages .
on rare occasions , hosts have cut interviews short when it became clear that guests were being dishonest , unethical , unintelligible , abusive , or patronizing .
wright 's diminutive stature -- he was only 4'11 " -- and nearly unintelligible north irish accent , became assets to the comedy .
it is a departure from their self - titled debut album , which consisted largely of noisy hardcore with unintelligible vocals .
the god in which planck believed was an almighty , all - knowing , benevolent but unintelligible god that permeated everything , manifest by symbols , including physical laws .
again , the holy scriptures and the liturgy , being written in syriac , were , to a large extent , unintelligible to the faithful .
heckel 's question was spoken in such badly butchered japanese , however , that it was unintelligible .
the later developments of hasidism are unintelligible without consideration of besht 's opinion concerning man 's proper relation with the universe .
even then , much of his dialogue is either gibberish or unintelligible .
damaged . unintelligible ; mentions some khan .
making fun of his inability to decipher the lyrics sung by the australian barnes , he begins by singing in unintelligible gibberish before handing over to the crowd to sing the remainder of the song , accompanied by folds on the piano .
in june , 1965 , the fbi laboratory obtained a copy of the recording and , after two years of investigation , concluded that the recording could not be interpreted , that it was " unintelligible at any speed , " and therefore the bureau could not find that the recording was obscene .
just prior to the final broadcast , with the program in arm 's length of cancellation , sweeney receives a strange phone call from an individual who speaks anxiously in an unintelligible language .
bickerton proposed an empirical test of his theory , which involved putting families speaking mutually unintelligible languages on a previously uninhabited island for three years .
reed 's vocals are especially unintelligible and enthusiastic .
the drawback of the common terminology is that dancers must learn the french names for the steps and movements ; the advantage is that they can take a ballet class anywhere in the world and , no matter how unintelligible the rest of the talk is , the terminology will still be in french and therefore understood .
she manages to make one unusual unintelligible word , which grendel discounts , and then goes to the shaper 's funeral .
the original inhabitants of minhiriath ( minhiriathrim ) were descended from the same atani as the ancestors of the númenóreans , but because they spoke mutually unintelligible languages , the númenóreans did not class the minhiriathrim as middle men .
arabic has many different , geographically - distributed spoken varieties , some of which are mutually unintelligible .
however , the system has been panned by its critics who denounce it as a waste of money , with messages being couched in " unintelligible " abbreviations .
the name of the new album had been revealed in " kamurshul " from n.w.a 's previous release " 100 miles and runnin , but only by playing a vinyl copy backwards could the otherwise unintelligible sound be deciphered as " niggaz for life " .
as such , unbelieving worldviews always reduce to unintelligible nonsense .
jews and christians speak different dialects of aramaic that are often mutually unintelligible .
it is often distinguished from political history , military history and the history of great men , although english historian g. m. trevelyan saw it as the bridging point between economic and political history , reflecting that , " without social history , economic history is barren and political history unintelligible . "
sound masking may render conversations unintelligible by nearby listeners and may thus help compliance with hipaa and glba regulations .
they travel throughout eastern europe first and do indeed encounter vampires , but these vampires appear to be nothing more than animated corpses , mindless and unintelligible .
for the most part , these dialects and the dialects spoken in sweden are mutually intelligible , although some dialects from ostrobothnia are practically unintelligible to swedish - speaking people in southern finland ( and in sweden ) .
the local variety of malay ( kedayan or bukit malay ) , spoken natively by two thirds of the population , is quite divergent from and unintelligible to standard malay .
each of these sign languages has a distinct grammar and vocabulary making them mutually unintelligible .
though capable of speaking fluent english , courage largely tends to speak in unintelligible gibberish .
he cites the pythia sitting in a cauldron on a tripod , while making her prophecies in an ecstatic trance state , like shamans , and her unintelligible utterings .
when this archaic tamil is mixed with sanskrit and kannada expressions , you get melnadu sri vaishnava tamil , which is very peculiar and often unintelligible due to accent and vocabulary to modern tamil sri vaishnavas .
this makes dispersion management extremely important in optical communications systems based on optical fiber , since if dispersion is too high , a group of pulses representing a bit - stream will spread in time and merge together , rendering the bit - stream unintelligible .
his slurred , sometimes unintelligible diction helps to deflate the bastard , but his bawling rhetoric strikes as mere sham rather than fierce plain speaking . "
not only is the chinese script foreign to modern vietnamese speakers , these works are mostly unintelligible even when directly transliterated into the modern quốc ngữ script due to their chinese syntax and vocabulary .
thomas gray wrote to thomas warton that it was " above the middling , " but " often obscure and unintelligible and too much infected with the hutchinson jargon . "
both people are severely burned and are speaking in unintelligible syllables .
generally , a sinpo with a code number starting with a 2 or lower would not be worth reporting , unless you had no noise , interference or loss of propagation , since it would be likely the reception would be unintelligible .
in the 2004 film , sunny only makes unintelligible sounds and shrieks , which are explained with subtitles .
his style is stiff and unintelligible , though he possessed a thorough knowledge of hebrew .
this term , coined by mark baker raises the issue of how philip johnston and the code talkers were able to communicate in a way such that human beings created references that were mutually intelligible to each other but completely unintelligible to everyone who was not familiar with the structure and meaning of the signals .
although a majority of mainstream critics derided it as an unintelligible mess , it won top prizes at that year 's venice film festival and earned korine the respect of noted filmmakers such as gus van sant , among others .
western naxi is fairly homogeneous , whereas eastern naxi consists of several mutually unintelligible dialects .
michael is stunned to discover that fast talking rory , who can move only his right hand , can understand his almost unintelligible speech .
this is one of the most bonding factors in assyrian tribes and it 's interesting that the tribes adjacent to the nochiyaye ; urmijnaye to the east , gawarnaye to the north , jilwaye to the west and barwarnayeh to the southwest , all have completely different accents , to the point that some are almost unintelligible to the nochiyaye .
" pomo " , also known as " kulanapan " , is a language family that includes seven distinct and mutually unintelligible languages , including northern pomo , northeastern pomo , eastern pomo southeastern pomo , central pomo , southern pomo , eastern pomo and " kashaya " .
watts asserts that rockville was less oppressive than the south or even baltimore , maryland and believes his civil rights positions are unintelligible without evaluating them in the context of the doctrine of father divine .
initially received even by professional players with dismay over its " unjustifiably " tricky rhythms , as well as its " unintelligible " formal design ( krainis 1963 ; noble 1965 ) , " muziek " has come to be regarded as one of the best avant - garde works of the 1960s for the instrument ( lasocki 2001 ) , and is considered a central work in the recorder ’s 20th - century repertoire , whose technical extravagances have become " a necessary part of the training of every conservatory student " ( o’kelly 1990 , 122 ) .
his words were quite unintelligible ; and in the invocation , at the very climax of the tremendous burst into c sharp minor , he altered the cadence in a way that robbed me of breath .
it never struck me how illogical it was to say that i believed in what i could not understand and what is in fact unintelligible .
unintelligible dialogue was voiced by the series music composer drew neumann .
arabic comprises many varieties ( many mutually unintelligible ) , that are considered a single language , because the standard arabic register , modern standard arabic , is generally intelligible to all speakers .
these vocabularies , the syntax which structures them , and their set of speech sound units , differ creating the existence of many thousands of different types of mutually unintelligible human languages .
the evolution of the language in the area has made it more or less mutually unintelligible with all dialects of mainstream mandarin , including that of neighboring shaanxi province .
their language of uto - aztecan affiliation is called nahuatl and consists of many more dialects and variants , a number of which are mutually unintelligible .
as a result of this process , ottoman turkish was largely unintelligible to the less - educated lower and also rural members of society , who continued to use kaba türkçe or " rough turkish " which was much purer and which is the basis of the modern turkish language .
the film features the fictional pop band 's performance of " burning rubber tires " , which was lampooned in a sketch on " mystery science theater 3000 " for its unintelligible lyrics , specifically the chorus , " hear the engines roll now " , which was interpreted by the " mst3 k " cast as " hideous control now " , " idiot control now " and other variations .
on the basis of the intractability of these questions , it has been argued that the conclusion of the argument from illusion is clearly unacceptable or even ultimately unintelligible , even in the absence of a clear diagnosis of exactly where and how it goes wrong . "
before the coronation , one of the strange reptilian creatures meets toby and offers him a warning in unintelligible anagrams .
spoken chinese has numerous regional and local varieties ( dialects ) , many of which are mutually unintelligible .
the bhotiya speak almora and kiranti languages belonging to the tibeto - burman family , although their dialects are mutually unintelligible to the kumaonis and tibetans .
decryption is the reverse , in other words , moving from the unintelligible ciphertext back to plaintext .
they are often considered dialects of a single language , but are mutually unintelligible .
in instances in which highly educated arabic - speakers of different nationalities engage in conversation but find their dialects mutually unintelligible ( e.g. a moroccan speaking with a lebanese ) , they are able to code switch into msa for the sake of communication .
however , the shadowy figure only speaks in an unintelligible , garbled voice , so it is not clear what his true motivations are .
once angered , the boy makes an unintelligible noise that sounds like " you 're my own now . "
by the time the noldor arrived in beleriand , the languages had become mutually unintelligible , but the noldor were quick to learn it .
these are generally unintelligible to speakers of standard ( modern ) persian .
as more comparative work is done , additional " dialects " are found to be mutually unintelligible with their parent language ; the latest to be separated out as languages were huizhou , jin , pinghua , and qiongwen , though the remaining wu and yue varieties are not all mutually intelligible , or have very limited intelligibility .
crash has an extremely limited vocabulary , preferring to speak in unintelligible gibberish ; the few english words he is capable of speaking include ' whoa ! ' ( which he often exclaims upon being physically harmed ) , ' nina ' and ' pancakes ' .
their speech seems largely based on a cockney or estuary english accent , although it is important to note that english is only used to represent the imperial language so we can understand it ; humans actually speak low gothic and high gothic which are descended from today 's languages but almost certainly unintelligible to us .
usually german speakers do n't have problems understanding the so called standard hessian or " frankfurterisch " which is spoken in the area around frankfurt , however , hessian dialects vary to a great extent from area to area or village to village , most of them being unintelligible to those who only know standard german or even another hessian dialect .
" al aaraaf " is thick with allusions and , because of this , is often avoided by scholars because , as writer arthur hobson quinn notes , it can be " unintelligible " .
part of the community still retain their own bats language , which has adopted many georgian loan - words and grammatical rules , and is mutually unintelligible with the two other nakh languages , chechen and ingush .
they allow through unwanted signals that are fairly close to the expected one , but because of the random quality of these phase - noise ' skirts ' , the signals are usually unintelligible , appearing just as extra noise in the received signal .
it is mutually unintelligible with other min nan dialects , such as teochew and hokkien – taiwanese .
the song is entirely instrumental ( except for random unintelligible words vedder utters throughout ) and a dominant bass line persists in the song , along with some guitar and sounds that seem to come from the drums .
newsgatherers flew up alongside to shout unintelligible things through megaphones .
their language was said to be mutually unintelligible with taíno , requiring bilingual abilities , but may have been similar to ciguayo ( wilson , 1990 ) .
each ryukyuan language is generally unintelligible to others in the same family .
some unskilled debaters slur words together in an attempt to spread faster , thus making their speeches nearly unintelligible at times .
it is often unintelligible .
the song begins with a loud and unintelligible rant cutting out the noise of the previous track , what god wants .
still , cantonese speakers have to use standard written chinese , or even literary chinese , in most formal written communications , since written cantonese may be unintelligible to speakers of other chinese spoken variants .
in the " dialect " sense of english dialects , chinese has mandarin dialects , yet " fangyan " also means " non - mandarin languages , mutually unintelligible regional variants of spoken chinese " , such as cantonese and hakka .
however , as there are many essential differences in grammar as well as in vocabulary and pronunciation , it is practically unintelligible for people speaking standard german or austro - bavarian , the latter being also spoken in the province of bolzano - bozen .
through recent contacts , some spoke the same language as mien americans while others did not , with unintelligible conversation , clearly distinct cultures , food , dress and more .
regardless of accuracy or technique , the kingsmen transformed berry 's relatively easy - going ballad into a raucous romp , complete with a twangy guitar , occasional background chatter , and almost completely unintelligible lyrics by ely .
for example , british sign language and american sign language are quite different and mutually unintelligible , even though the hearing people of britain and america share the same oral language .
in order to win applause one must write stuff which is so inane that a coachman could sing it , or so unintelligible that it pleases precisely because no sensible man can understand it . "
the images on the video were scenes from the second film altered to retain the look and feel of the original video , with the website address shown at the end of the images , then a snowy footer with unintelligible snippets of audio from the film .
by the end of the communist era , when the poor quality of paper and print made the pictures in fiction literature almost unintelligible , the strong colors and powerful black and white illustrations managed to reach the children and offered them a friendlier and happier sight of the world . "
in some places , for example urmia , christians and jews speak mutually unintelligible varieties of modern eastern aramaic in the same place .
moroccan arabic has a distinct pronunciation and is nearly unintelligible to other arabic speakers , but is generally mutually intelligible with other maghrebi arabic dialects with which it forms a dialect continuum .
this essentially kafkaesque tale follows the travails of budai , a linguist who steps off a plane expecting to be in helsinki but finds himself in a sprawling and densely populated metropolis whose residents speak an unknown and unintelligible language .
often ungrammatical and unintelligible .
the fact that different groups speak different , unintelligible languages is often considered more tangible evidence for cultural differences than other less obvious cultural traits .
the run - out groove of side two on the lp record contains unintelligible speech .
all languages have various registers or levels of formality , the most formal of which , usually that of learning and religion , changes slowly while the most informal registers change much more quickly , but in most cases are prevented from developing into mutually unintelligible dialects by the existence of the more formal register .
on the other hand , the colombian philologist rufino josé cuervo , who shared the diagnostic of bello of the eventual fragmentarion of spanish in a plurality of languages mutually unintelligible languages , although celebrating it , warned against the use of the written language to measure the unity of it , considering it a " veil that covers the local speech " .
this also rendered his speech unintelligible to all except a few .
most of the songs on the album have a dark feel to them and showcase the vocal range of dave mcpherson , from light to heavy to almost unintelligible growling and screaming .
within africa , it is the language with the 3rd most speakers , after arabic ( if one counts the mutually unintelligible spoken forms of arabic as a single macrolanguage and assumes the same for the varieties of oromo ) , swahili , hausa."in this case , oromo is 4th , not 3rd "
value varies from 0 ( completely unintelligible ) to 1 ( perfect intelligibility ) .
this standard was reviewed by industry worldwide and all feel that it is very complicated , unintelligible , incomprehensible , not understandable , giving rise to uncertainties , source of formulae unknown , many errors and inconsistencies .
having developed in isolation from one another , most neo - aramaic dialects are mutually unintelligible and should therefore be considered separate languages ; however , determining the exact relationship between the various neo - aramaic dialects is a difficult task , fraught with many problems , which arise from our incomplete knowledge of these dialects and their relation to the aramaic dialects of antiquity .
at the beginning and end of the play , a spotlight picks out all three faces and all three characters recite their own lines , in what beckett terms a " chorus " ; the effect is unintelligible .
the european style of characters speaking over one another worked very badly in other regions , making scenes unintelligible and worse , laughable .
the matlatzinca language has two subgroups or dialects that are mutually unintelligible : one called ocuiltec or tlahuica and matlatzinca proper .
interestingly enough , the word " shit " in the line " wish in one hand and shit in the other and see which one gets filled first " got past the censors since they could not understand the lyrics to the new song ( closed caption typed it as " unintelligible lyrics " ) .
death metal , which tends to be darker and more morbid than thrash metal , features vocals that attempt to evoke chaos and misery by being " usually very deep , guttural , and unintelligible . "
the various consciousness shifts that he points out in the first chapters of the book have led several scholars to scrutinize the bases for knowledge in our present day as well as critiquing the projection of modern categories of knowledge onto subjects that remain intrinsically unintelligible , in spite of historical knowledge .
jonathan swift wrote of osborne in " the tatler " as one who affected the phrases in fashion at court in his day , and soon became either unintelligible or ridiculous .
" rhubarb " is a radio idiom for unintelligible background speech .
after getting in trouble for injuring half a dozen allied soldiers in the 1980s , he was seconded to the weapon h military project ; an early experiment to turn up his " rage attacks " transformed him into an unintelligible rampaging hulk .
when considered a bad practise of conveying word by word ( lexeme to lexeme or morpheme to lexeme ) translation of non - technical type literal translations has the meaning of mis - translating idioms , for example , or in the context of translating an analytic language to a synthetic language , it renders even the grammar unintelligible .
besides , they brought millions of slaves , who were in general more likely to learn portuguese , since the africans would speak lots of different languages that were mutually unintelligible between them and had more contact ( even if forcedly ) with the portuguese speakers .
however , in the 1981 bbc serial " the borgias " , in which celi played rodrigo borgia , his accent was not dubbed and he was criticised for being unintelligible and hard to follow .
the ultimate result was an album which satisfied nobody ; the group felt that the album had been compromised , the fans were annoyed that crucial parts of the atlantis suite were missing , rendering the concept almost unintelligible , and emi themselves were disappointed with the low sales of the album and the failure of the commercial songs to attract a wider audience .
in contrast to his earlier work , " philosophy and the mirror of nature " ( 1979 ) , rorty mostly abandons attempts to explain his theories in analytic terms and creates an alternate conceptual schema to that of the " platonists " he rejects , in which " truth " ( as it is used conventionally ) is considered unintelligible and meaningless .
many passages in the older english poets are unintelligible without some knowledge of astrology .
a rarer feature of porteño speech that can make it completely unintelligible is the random addition of suffixes with no particular meaning , usually making common words sound reminiscent of italian surnames .
it is one of the shortest oscar - acceptance speech , after william holden 's , who simply said , " thank you " , upon winning for " stalag 17 " , and alfred hitchcock 's ( " thank you " and other unintelligible words ) when he received an honorary oscar .
despite being mutually unintelligible , the four languages are all called " bikol " ( and to a lesser extent , " bicolano " ) by their speakers .
while the basque regions were far from the tejero routes , the non - romance vocabulary of basque makes it unintelligible to outsiders .
the duo then begin an enigmatic quest for moriarty , with playfair / holmes following all manner of bizarre and ( to watson ) unintelligible clues , and the two growing closer to each other in the process .
he communicates through the use of sign language , acting out scenes , and chattering in an unintelligible alien tongue .
in fact ptolemy 's cataonia , if there is truth in it , is quite a new division of the country : it is , however , unintelligible to us .
this rendered understanding difficult at best to dutch and cape dutch speakers , moreover increasingly unintelligible to afrikaans speakers .
likewise , in some places jews and christians from the same locale speak mutually unintelligible varieties of aramaic , where in other places their language is quite similar .
for example , the gao dialect is reportedly unintelligible to speakers of the zarma dialect of niger , which has by far the most number of reported native speakers of any songhay dialect or language .
it seems that this term was coined in connection with the zen kōan 's that seemed like unintelligible riddles to ordinary people and other buddhist schools .
patients who recover from wernicke ’s aphasia report that , while aphasic , they found the speech of others to be unintelligible and , despite being cognizant of that fact that they were speaking , they could neither stop themselves nor understand their own words .
whenever words are said , say them with weight and relaxation , not hurriedly or quickly , nor in a blurred and unintelligible way .
however , the hospital records available to the plaintiff may be limited or unintelligible , and the hospital that does have the records may refuse to release them unless litigation is pending .
it is barely mutually intelligible with shanghai dialect , as shanghai dialect speakers find ningbo speech to be slightly unintelligible , but ningbo dialect speakers have little difficulty understanding shanghainese .
the critics contend that antruz dialect is unintelligible to most goans , let alone other konkanis , and that devanagari is used very little as compared to roman script in goa or kannada script in coastal karnataka .
towards the end of the 90 's and into the beginning of the next century many hardcore bands , such as botch and dillinger escape plan began incorporating elements of power violence and grindcore into their style such as blast beats , extremely fast and chaotic guitar riffs and unintelligible vocals that were either shrill and screamed or deep and guttural .
since nagaland is inhabited by people belonging to different naga tribes speaking languages which are mutually unintelligible , nagamese is the preferred form of communication for all .
another member of the audience , reverend john pierce , called it " an apparently incoherent and unintelligible address " .
the text on the manuscript was written very carelessly , evidenced by the crude and irregular handwriting , and the manuscript contains some unintelligible spellings .
the others are unintelligible , because we find that matter , force , and " action at a distance " are not terms which express real problems of the phenomenal world .
although many scholars today consider the " treatise " to be hume 's most important work and one of the most important books in western philosophy , the critics in great britain at the time did not agree , describing it as " abstract and unintelligible " .
however , it is mutually unintelligible with american sign language , which emerged from ofsl 50 years earlier in the us .
mysticism , he said , is not the kabbalah , which everyone may learn ; but that sense of true oneness , which is usually as strange , unintelligible , and incomprehensible to mankind as dancing is to a dove .
