the position was unprecedented for foreigners working in japanese media , which thus led him to be a person carrying a symbolic importance for japan ’s globalization .
the following year , a group of soviet filmmakers , including sergei eisenstein , proclaimed that the use of image and sound in juxtaposition , the so - called contrapuntal method , would raise the cinema to " unprecedented power and cultural height .
you can not conceive all the delicate and powerful effects , the novel touches and unprecedented sonorities , that he manages to produce from an instruments in many respects so limited .
an unprecedented amount of air support , including the first use of a company - sized armed helicopter unit , allowed a successful defense .
modernization and economic growth proceeded at an unprecedented rate , fueled by iran 's vast petroleum reserves , the third - largest in the world .
then , in an unprecedented move , in 1998 , khrn 94.3 was no more ; it changed frequencies to 103.1 , its calls to kvjm , and its branding to " v-103 jamz " .
the air was contained in 23 tanks holding air at 12.5 bar ( 1.25 mpa , 180 psi ) , taking up a huge amount of space ( 153 m³/5,403 ft³ ) , and requiring the submarine to be of unprecedented size .
a year later , leeds went for the unprecedented treble of league title , fa cup and european cup - and missed out on all three .
from 2002 through 2008 , the trojans won or shared an unprecedented seven consecutive pac-10 titles .
a company spokesman said , " it is not appropriate to proceed with this when millions of pakistanis are confronted with unprecedented inflation and the country is faced with tough economic and security conditions . "
thanks to its promotion and development by acting teachers who were former students and the many translations of his theoretical writings , stanislavski 's system acquired an unprecedented ability to cross cultural boundaries and developed an international reach , dominating scholarship about acting in the west .
groves also blanketed the manhattan project with an unprecedented degree of security ( which , however , failed to prevent the soviets from conducting a successful espionage program that stole some of its most important secrets ) .
it was especially popular in the 1950s and 1960s as unprecedented , unique innovations in academic , vocational , and music programs were spearheaded and promoted throughout ottawa by a creative , energetic , and motivational principal , leo mccarthy .
from its opening night it was given a then - unprecedented run of 27 consecutive performances , and received much critical acclaim .
partly responsible for the development of football in mainland europe , hogan formed a great partnership with the legendary hugo meisl - coaching the austrian national team to unprecedented success .
in response to the continued violence perpetrated by chinese as well as tibetans , on 18 march 2008 , the dalai lama threatened to step down , a move unprecedented in the history of the office of the dalai lama .
unprecedented three rounds of voting .
some lords attempted to have her peerage cancelled due to the unprecedented use of the same place name in two separate peerages for separate people .
by the end of the decade mass - manufactured , off - the - peg clothing had become much more popular than in the past , granting the general public unprecedented access to fashionable styles .
despite the unprecedented growth in residential development in halton , agriculture and protected lands along the niagara escarpment are still the predominant land uses .
originally performed by musical group the drowsy drivers , the show achieved rapid success from its low - budget premiere at the 2005 melbourne international comedy festival where it enjoyed a sold out run and won an unprecedented three festival awards .
the title page claimed that the song had been sung " with unprecedented success ... both in europe and america " ; nevertheless , analysis of playbills and newspaper clippings suggests that it saw only moderate popularity .
on his return , the trojans finished the season 5 - 0 and outscored opponents 165 - 68 , culminating in a victory in the 2008 rose bowl , an unprecedented sixth straight pac-10 title and making the trojans the first college football team to achieve six straight 11-win seasons .
even prior to armenia 's independence , in december 1988 , the u.s. government and the american people , in an unprecedented act of compassion across the iron curtain , extended their generosity to the armenian people as they recovered from a devastating earthquake that took over 40,000 lives .
the achievement under his management were described as unprecedented in the history of egypt 's athletics federation since its 1910 founding .
this unprecedented act was commended by then governor - general frank murphy ( the philippines was under american rule until 1946 ) .
the protracted length of the campaign under stressful conditions forced admiral chester w. nimitz to take the unprecedented step of relieving the principal naval commanders to rest and recuperate .
a piece he wrote specifically for the stage about the history of jazz , " evolution of the blues " , ran an unprecedented five years at the off - broadway theatre in san francisco and another year in los angeles .
fisheye was changed to a woman in the english dub of the anime , which is not unprecedented within this adapted series : zoisite and zirconia also had their genders changed .
his share of the black vote rose to over 30 percent , a virtually unprecedented accomplishment for a republican .
when attorney general herbert brownell heard about the stay , however , he immediately took his objection to chief justice fred m. vinson , who took the unprecedented step of reconvening the court before the appointed date and set aside douglas 's stay .
itunes took the unprecedented move of listing the free download worldwide .
the rise of the river was unprecedented and many residents did not evacuate , which led to 35 casualties .
a rash of mysterious events strike the tourist industry , ranging from an unprecedented labor dispute and riot , legionnaire 's disease striking the hotels , baggage carousels running amok at the airport , arson at an amusement center , and an oil slick from an oil tanker where it should not have been .
he placed first on the ldp list with an unprecedented three million votes .
of his time presenting the show , he said , " the three years i 've spent on " big brother 's big mouth " have been an unprecedented joy " .
in 2003 , president george w. bush appointed payne as one of two members of congress to serve as a congressional delegate to the united nations and reappointed him in 2005 to an unprecedented second term .
" the medical journal of australia " found that obesity in australia more than doubled in the two decades preceding 2003 , and the unprecedented rise in obesity has been compared to the same health crisis in america .
most of the teams had begun their search for an optimal compromise setup by running very little downforce to take advantage of the long front straight , where drivers were on full throttle for an unprecedented 24 seconds .
that was presented on september 5 , 2007 at the state congress with an unprecedented format as he permitted twelve representatives to pose questions and make interventions .
the senate granted a three - year extension for ratification of the era within a year of the houston meeting ; this unprecedented move was viewed as a major postconference achievement , despite the final failure of the amendment in 1982 . "
the war could not interfere with perhaps his most impressive record , however ; he won gold medals in 1932 and 1960 , an unprecedented 28 years apart .
belli 's unprecedented -- and some thought undignified -- use of graphic evidence and expert witnesses later became common courtroom practice .
the hellenic civilization took the form of a collection of city - states , or poleis ( the most important being athens , sparta , thebes , corinth , and syracuse ) , having vastly differing types of government and cultures , including what are unprecedented developments in various governmental forms , philosophy , science , mathematics , politics , sports , theatre and music .
during their time as an unsigned band , the band garnered a rare and unprecedented amount of press and support from rock media , including kerrang ! and nme as well as bbc radio 1 and xfm .
human rights groups expressed concerns about the handling of this unprecedented incident by the authorities ..
as a result , the city of iowa city and the university of iowa were seriously affected by unprecedented flooding of the iowa river , which caused widespread property damage and forced evacuations in large sections of the city .
it is also possible that given a new technology , and the act 's unprecedented provisions ( royalties , legislative mandates for copy protection ) , they could not predict the impact of the ahra on adoption of the new technology .
this unprecedented event was the beginning of long - lasting real estate boom in ottawa .
unlike macdraw , then the standard macintosh vector drawing program , illustrator described shapes with more flexible bézier curves , providing unprecedented accuracy .
demonstrations in seattle in 1999 , genoa in 2001 and at dozens of other sites , brought activists together from around the world and localized global issues in unprecedented ways .
from the unprecedented volunteer involvement in staging the games , a program was put in place where ordinary calgarians could purchase , for $ 19.88 in the summer of 1986 , a brick at the main medal presentation plaza called the olympic plaza with their names laser - engraved on it .
modernity for gellner is " unique , unprecedented and exceptional " and these characteristics are sustained by the growth of economies and increases in cultural uniformity .
despite having only 9 scholarship players in 2007 - 2008 , felton 's bulldogs completed an unprecedented run in sec tournament championship history .
despite the technological limitations , ra used some innovative recording techniques , and these recordings provided an unprecedented level of documentation , and were inspirational in showing how artists could take control of the means of production and distribution of their works .
of note , the unit had 100% valid weapons employed during the deployment , an unprecedented number for any air national guard or usaf unit deployed in support of operation iraqi freedom .
governments and central banks responded with unprecedented fiscal stimulus , monetary policy expansion , and institutional bailouts .
on february 11 , a vigorous low pressure system drifted east out of the pacific , creating a pineapple express that lasted through february 24 unleashing unprecedented amounts of rain on northern california and western nevada .
indigo customers , employees and vendors cooperated with comprehensive identity , background and screening procedures that were unprecedented in the private jet industry .
directed by c. pullaiah and starring parupalli subbarao and sriranjani in lead roles , the film attracted unprecedented numbers of viewers to theaters and thrust the young film industry into mainstream culture .
they reported that , between may 15 and may 27 , 1944 , 100,000 hungarian jews had arrived at birkenau , and had been killed at an unprecedented rate , with human fat being used to accelerate the burning .
between 1909 and 1911 , the belfast naturalist robert lloyd praeger led an exhaustive biological survey of the island ( the clare island survey , which was unprecedented at the time and served as a template for future studies .
the unprecedented use of helicopters in the construction of four of the aerial tram 's five towers helped the palm springs aerial tramway earn a reputation as one of the greatest engineering feats ever accomplished .
within the next ten days , slaves had taken control of the entire northern province in an unprecedented slave revolt that left the whites in control of only a few isolated , fortified camps .
however , the unprecedented pace of change we are presently experiencing is so rapid that a great number of species can not adapt fast enough to the new conditions , or move to regions more suited for their survival due to habitat fragmentation .
to cater for the unprecedented growth and attraction in recent years , there are new schools and improved infrastructure although small pockets of melksham town centre , including a 1960 shopping parade , await redevelopment .
the group 's central ideological position can be described as one of " contemporary [ hence the name ] cultural universalism " : they were aware of the emergence of an unprecedented universality of cultural expression and innovation ( brought about by capitalism 's advance and accelerating technological progress ) , which they sought to not simply participate in , but , through their own particular vantage point as mexican artists , contribute to as well .
among other features of this commentary ( i.e. relationship between the qur'an and the bible , and various literary discussions ) , its salient feature is the unprecedented attempt in it to bring out the coherence between the verses .
to ensure the comfort of their unprecedented visit to the white house in 1939 , george vi and elizabeth , the reigning monarchs of the united kingdom , were given tea brewed with synthetic london water .
the unprecedented dimensions of the demolitions also had qualitative consequences : changes radically altered the layout of the city and an irreplaceable part of the identity of bucharest was lost .
the unprecedented economic growth had inevitably led to the closing of many state - owned enterprises ( soe 's ) , and a staggering unemployment rate that hit 40% in some urban areas .
although rachlis would encounter critics on all sides — those who thought the magazine was still frothy and those who thought it had grown ponderous — he guided it to an unprecedented run of success , both critical and commercial .
stasio added , " everybody at the opening night party , including such members of the theatrical community as milo o'shea , barnard hughes and gloria foster , seemed to want to a regular event of the unprecedented project . "
touring would follow this period of unprecedented sales , with dalida performing in japan , canada and germany .
in the years following world war ii , florida was experiencing unprecedented growth in population and tourism , along with a revitalized citrus industry recovering from a harsh freeze early in the decade ; the increased traffic load quickly burdened the state 's highway system .
regarding the latter , samson writes : " to a marked degree the music of debussy elevates timbre to an unprecedented structural status ; already in " prélude à l'après - midi d'un faune " the " color " of flute and harp functions referentially . "
for the first time , many percussion performers and teachers were seeing someone performing with a quasi - musser grip but with an unprecedented degree of flexibility .
baruch also received an unprecedented number of donations from alumni .
thomas had displayed similar ability whilst in school , winning an unprecedented four gold medals in the above events at the 2003 australian all schools championships .
on this album 's release , led zeppelin 's entire catalogue made the " billboard " 200 between the weeks of 23 october and 3 november 1979 , an unprecedented feat .
though paul subsequently rules as emperor , the term " padishah " is dropped , and the imperium as it has previously been known essentially ceases to exist since absolute control of the spice gives paul unprecedented power over the landsraad , spacing guild and all other factions .
the unprecedented effectiveness of the chemical was confirmed : the new insecticide was able to achieve the eradication of malaria through the eradication of mosquitoes .
after his two costly set - backs in attempting to take 203 meter hill during october , nogi had been saved from court - martial only through the unprecedented personal intervention of emperor meiji .
on 29 november he pleaded guilty and was fined £ 2,000 ; on 5 december the lord chancellor lord hailsham removed him from office for misbehaviour , an unprecedented sanction .
they suffered almost 200 casualties in the battle , an unprecedented loss for a cavalry brigade .
penn advised british prime minister tony blair and conducted polling during his successful campaign for an unprecedented third term in 2005 .
the large size , powerful engines , high speed , large radius of action and unprecedented armament gave these destroyers the firepower similar to many light cruisers in other navies . " asagiri " , built at the sasebo naval arsenal was the eighth in an improved series , which incorporated a modified gun turret which could elevate her main battery of type 3 127 mm 50 caliber naval guns to 75° as opposed to the original 40° , thus permitting the guns to be used as dual purpose guns against aircraft .
the film was controversial on its original release for its supposed glorification of murderers , and for its level of graphic violence and gore , which was unprecedented at the time .
the film won additional awards after its release , such as the people 's choice awards for favorite motion picture , an unprecedented honor for a documentary .
this lawsuit , nteu v. nixon , resulted in an unprecedented victory that required the government to pay over $ 533 million in back pay to federal employees .
however , when the election took place the coalition was swept out of office by fianna fáil which won an unprecedented twenty seat dáil majority and over 50% of the first preference votes .
an unprecedented open recruitment exercise was held to search for bradley 's successor .
they defeated richmond 57 - 47 , with brett taking home his first of an unprecedented three tournament mvp awards .
on november 11 , 2003 , just days before he left office after an unprecedented recall vote , davis appointed goode to serve on the contra costa county superior court .
as principal advisor on religion , ethics , and morals to the commander in chief united states european command , chaplain resnicoff 's exceptional leadership , unparalleled strategic vision , and extraordinary moral courage made an unprecedented impact not only on the more than 100,000 military personnel stationed in this area of operations , but on the top levels of leadership of all branches of the armed forces .
the theater opened in summer of 1795 , amazing the guests with unprecedented stage effects .
coalition forces arrived in late december 2001 and immediately the airport saw unprecedented expansion of operations and facilities .
mechanization was the key to this german tactic first revealed in the september campaign and nicknamed " blitzkrieg " ( lightning war ) by contemporary journalists , who found the name fitting because of the unprecedented speed and mobility that were its underlying characteristics .
this unprecedented phenomenon for a " new man " is perhaps best underlined by the elections in 67 bc for the praetors of 66 .
although the msdf had participated in exercises with the united states navy since 1955 , in 1980 japan , in an unprecedented move , permitted a task force of ships and aircraft to train in the rim of the pacific ( rimpac ) comprehensive naval exercise with naval forces from the united states , australia , canada , and new zealand .
during the 1980s , the ldp was responsible for japan 's unprecedented economic growth , and the successful economy .
summarily , the 1800s–1820s had seen the unprecedented prosperity of the polish culture and language in the former gdl lands , had prepared the era of such famous " belarusians by birth –
the allies had different ideas regarding post - war europe , the soviet union had sustained immense damage by the german invasion that was unprecedented both in terms of death toll ( est .
the advent of digital command control has simplified the electrical wiring requirements for controlling trains , and thereby gives free - mo layouts unprecedented flexibility .
the settlement soon attracted local first nations groups , resulting in an unprecedented interaction of scottish ( lowland , highland , and orcadian ) , english , cree , french , ojibwe , saulteaux , and métis traditions all in close contact .
notable features of his reign included the establishment of the council of trent and an unprecedented level of nepotism , for example , two months after becoming pope in 1534 , he made his 14 year - old grandson alessandro a cardinal deacon .
his senior year , the 1953 notre dame finished the season 9 - 1 , and had an unprecedented 12 players drafted to ' 54 nfl .
zimbabwean rights activists are campaigning with unprecedented vigour for an end to the death penalty as the country 's ...
" scholars and nobles in sea - faring nations , first spain and portugal followed italy , france and england , amassed unprecedented collections of biological specimens in cabinets of curiosities , which galvanized interest in diversity and taxonomy .
the border official told me that this was unprecedented , ” said arthur varbedian .
the rapid expansion of the farms coupled with the invention of the automobile , which allowed for rapid transportation of crops , allowed the agricultural market to expand to an unprecedented size .
the scope of such an operation was unprecedented in u.s. history , as ships had to sail from all points of the compass to rendezvous points and proceed according to a carefully - orchestrated , well - conceived plan .
the extreme pain and mysterious causes became topics of major interest , and it was rumored that his was an unprecedented disease .
in february 1965 , as gheorghiu - dej was succumbing to cancer , the writers ' union conference facilitated an unprecedented attack on socialist realism .
the campaign is meant to exercise pressure on the state to take action on lebanon ’s unprecedented public debt of about 40 billion us dollars , which made its ratio over gdp , at the time of the press conference , the highest in the world , as published in the cia ’s world fact book .
the united states underwent an unprecedented mobilization of national resources for the second world war .
on line , increases in processing power and policy - based routing enable service providers develop new systems , in directions that will allow them to control what customers do to an unprecedented degree .
in an unprecedented step , goalkeeper poletti was suspended for life ( he was later pardoned ) and did time in jail , together with teammates aguirre suárez and madero .
kohli is unprecedented master of exploring human relationships .
at least 80 emergency service personnel from new south wales and south australia were enacted to help the victorian ses cope with the unprecedented demand .
students were sent abroad , and foreign employees ( o - yatoi gaikokujin ) came to japan to teach and advise in large numbers , leading to an unprecedented and rapid modernization of the country .
through his attention to detail , he was able to provide clear descriptions and unprecedented anatomical drawings that set a new standard for future medical books .
a superhero ( also known as a super hero ) is a fictional character " of unprecedented physical prowess dedicated to acts of derring - do in the public interest . "
charley caused unprecedented destruction in the punta gorda area , and inflicted major damage across the state of florida .
the large size , powerful engines , high speed , large radius of action and unprecedented armament gave these destroyers the firepower similar to many light cruisers in other navies . " usugumo " , built at the ishikawajima shipyards in tokyo was laid down on october 21 , 1926 , launched on december 26 , 1927 and commissioned on july 26 , 1928 .
hodges enjoys an unprecedented number of broadway credits for an actor of his few years .
this is considered to be a major event within online gaming , as it gave " players an unprecedented ability to change and influence the game . "
during his rule centralized military power increased to an unprecedented degree for the region .
he promoted himself to the unprecedented rank of generalissimus , and was the only russian to bear a ducal title .
unprecedented risk management problem .
recruited for the merce cunningham dance company at the unprecedented age of 18 , bokaer pursued a parallel degree in visual & media studies at the new school ( 2003 - 2007 ) , where he received the joan kirnsner memorial award .
the 1901 team outscored its opponents by the unprecedented total of 550 to 0 and became known as the first of yost 's famed " point - a - minute " teams .
modine and his fellow castmates won an unprecedented best actor prize from the venice film festival for this tragic story of young american soldiers about to be shipped to vietnam .
this area has live entertainment , unprecedented access to the drivers and teams and is home to the winner 's circle .
the decades just prior to the absence of pontil rods from bottle - glass making were a time when endless variations pertaining to shape , size , style , color and embossing were being produced regularly in an unprecedented quantity .
betfair took the unprecedented step of voiding all bets on the match , with came to a sum of around £ 3.6 m , ten times the usual amount for a match at this level .
choking on growth , ” a 9-part documentary series about the environmental challenges facing china in the wake of its unprecedented economic growth .
despite its then - unprecedented size ( more than 10,000 pipes ) , it was judged inadequate to fill the seven - story grand court in which it was located , so wanamaker 's opened a private organ factory in the store attic , which was charged with enlarging the organ .
however , the grave plight of the troops led king george vi to call for an unprecedented week of prayer .
it was an almost unique design as a large cantilever bridge , and was built entirely in steel , another unprecedented development in bridge engineering .
in terms of party politics , one of the most significant features of holt 's brief tenure as pm is that his unexpected death triggered the beginning of an unprecedented period of turmoil within the liberal party and a rapid decline in the coalition 's electoral fortunes .
these included the rare , but not unprecedented , right to disregard intellectual property obligations to the us .
however , based on unprecedented rises in inventory and a sharply slowing market throughout 2006 , leslie appleton - young , the chief economist of the california association of realtors , said that she was not comfortable with the mild term " soft landing " to describe what was actually happening in california 's real estate market .
due to the unprecedented actions of pope benedict ix ( the only pope currently regarded as having served multiple , non - consecutive terms ) , henry iii found three different popes in 1046 when he arrived in rome seeking coronation as holy roman emperor .
this resulted in the unprecedented situation — twice — of having a team playing consecutive sunday nights .
since the return of buckley field to the air force in 2000 , the air base has seen an unprecedented amount of new construction and modernization .
this , in addition to lestat 's first concert , led to an unprecedented gathering of ancient and fledgling vampires at the sonoma compound of maharet , one of the first brood of vampires .
more than three years later , the constitutional court had still not decided the case , with the ten judges in an unprecedented and increasingly politicised deadlock .
the southern third of the city is governed by the infallible central computer which affords it citizens plenty of leisure time to enjoy their unprecedented technological achievements .
incumbent president manuel luis quezon won an unprecedented second partial term as president of the philippines via a landslide .
on black monday of october 1987 a stock collapse of unprecedented size lopped 22.6 percent off the dow jones industrial average .
celebrezze was elected an unprecedented five two - year terms as mayor , from 1953 to 1962 .
it has been estimated that the maurya dynasty controlled an unprecedented one - third of the world 's entire economy , was home to one - third of the world 's population at the time ( an estimated 50 million out of 150 million human ) , contained the world 's largest city of the time ( pataliputra , estimated to be larger than rome under the emperor trajan ) and according to megasthenes , the empire wielded a military of 600,000 infantry , 30,000 cavalry , and 9,000 war elephants .
opponents of mao point out the cultural revolution as a time of unprecedented social chaos attributed to mao 's fear of losing power , and the effects of such deep - seated impact from the movement wasted an entire generation of chinese who would be productive forces in the economy .
adam fleetwood that year achieved the unprecedented feat of winning 28 rounds , and so had to drop all his non - win points .
john b. campbell ( march 13 , 1777– august 28 , 1814 ) was a soldier during the war of 1812 , most famous for his expedition to destroy the miami indian villages along the mississinewa river and perhaps most infamous for destroying private houses and other property along with the stocks of grain and mills , which led to a court of enquiry and unprecedented letter to the enemy british army explaining himself .
perhaps because it was presented on the stage of an established theater , the play aroused an unprecedented storm of public opinion .
bashir levingston captured his unprecedented 10th special teams player of the week award in august and noel prefontaine won the east division special teams player of the year award .
ruth swatted an unprecedented 29 home runs in his last season in boston .
adi cakobau school won the coca cola lite games for the unprecedented ninth time in a row in may , 2009 .
the " humanism " of the renaissance period stimulated unprecedented academic ferment , and a concern for academic freedom .
the family sued the magazine for an unprecedented $ 109 million .
the new uniforms also featured collars and were designed to be worn untucked — both unprecedented .
in an unprecedented move , san francisco mayor joseph alioto and police chief donald scott announced that police officers would begin stopping and questioning " large numbers of black citizens " who resembled the description of the killer : a black man with a short afro and a narrow chin .
the " ottoman dynasty " ( c. 1290–1922 ) or as an institution , the " house of osman " , was unprecedented and unequaled in the islamic world for its size and duration .
after his unprecedented treble of their 1998–9 season , winning the premier league , fa cup and champions league , ferguson was made a knight bachelor in the 1999 queen 's birthday honours for services to football , making him ' sir alex ferguson ' .
in recent months , peter has covered every angle of the financial crisis , regularly breaking news on the government 's unprecedented response .
observations with larger incremental spacings were used to observe individual radio sources with unprecedented sensitivity , angular resolution , and image quality .
in his book " down and dirty pictures " , peter biskind explains that the unprecedented international success of this low - budget film was instrumental in the beginning of the 1990s independent film boom .
first , the post - war " baby boom " constituted an unprecedented number of young , affluent , and potentially disaffected people as prospective participants in a rethinking of the direction of american society , on all levels .
the question came to a head in spring 1987 in an unprecedented public debate .
over the past few years a series of attacks including explosions in local trains in july 2006 , to the most recent and unprecedented attacks of 26 november 2008 , where two of the prime hotels , a landmark train station and a jewish chabad house , in south mumbai , were attacked and sieged .
with the growth of industry in the late 18th and early 19th centuries , and in particular the growth of those industries associated with commercial glass production , metal trades , metallurgy and the associated technical advancements , the scene was set for the revival of stained glass manufacture and the development of that industry on an unprecedented scale .
these activities are not unprecedented , as another decipher game , the " star wars customizable card game " had ended its run in january 2002 and had established its own players ' committee to deal with the same type of issues .
following the declaration , an intensive publicity campaign on a hitherto unprecedented scale was launched by the government .
the success of these programs is often attributed to an emphasis on safety and education that has resulted in an unprecedented scholastic and collegiate athletic safety record .
upon the death of theodosius i 395 , a political crisis ensued , which the barbarians were quick to take advantage of by invading the empire on an unprecedented scale .
the disputed issues include the causes of increased global average air temperature , especially since the mid-20th century , whether this warming trend is unprecedented or within normal climatic variations , whether humankind has contributed significantly to it , and whether the increase is wholly or partially an artifact of poor measurements .
there was for example another one in paris in 1855 that brought about an even larger number of attendees , unprecedented in the history of mankind : 5,100,000 people coming from virtually every existing country .
during this eruption , a nasa dc-8 aeroplane accidentally flew through the plume with all instruments switched on , resulting in unprecedented measurement of a young volcanic plume .
" i am twenty " began production in 1959 , during the de - stalinization period of the khrushchev thaw , when soviet society experienced several years of unprecedented freedom of speech .
when the conservatives had come to office in 1984 , the federal deficit was at an unprecedented $ 34.5 billion .
it remains to be seen if hu , usually cautious in nature , is capable of managing the continued peaceful development of china while avoiding international incidents , at the same time presiding over an unprecedented increase in chinese nationalist sentiment .
along with this emotional urgency came an unprecedented flow of melody .
it was an unprecedented act , given that until that moment italian politicians were proverbially serious and formal .
the stardom , which may achieved in an unprecedented short period of time , was reflected through the vast number of all the successful festivals and tours she performed in her first year .
ramsey 's ipswich achieved unprecedented success the following season as he led his side to the championship in their debut season at the top level .
we also present an unprecedented audio and video architecture within our virtual pages .
shortly after , the doj , in an unprecedented move , rescinded its amnesty and withdrew from the agreement in march 2004 , notifying niels g. stolt - nielsen and his father jacob stolt - nielsen that they were individually also targeted by this action .
influenced by the media prowess of mentor dr. sylvia earle and a belief that the medium of film holds an unprecedented capacity to inspire and catalyze positive change , arlo hemphill 's career took a shift towards communications , particularly film , in the mid-2000s .
kctv5 went to the unprecedented length of devoting an entire 10 pm newscast to deal with criticisms leveled at kctv5 's handling of the investigation the following day .
this level of radio domination is unprecedented in recent years , and highlights the effect they have had on music and production development in this era .
similarly , the sikh community action network , in a open letter to british prime minister gordon brown , use the young muslim advisory group as an example of " unprecedented concessions and measures " towards the muslim community , whilst " the rest of the population remains ignored , excluded and forgotten . " the group has also received criticism from the british national party .
the number of horses killed in the war was at the time unprecedented in modern warfare .
in an unprecedented decision by station executives in mid - february 2007 , the station started playing more of their old format as opposed to just reggaeton 24/7 .
bolton met unprecedented public opposition in 1964 when the idea was first unveiled .
in announcing the bankruptcy action , ceo rolf pieper said : " in the face of unprecedented economic challenges , it is clear that the sale of the eclipse business through the chapter 11 process is the right course of action to maximize the value of the business , secure its future and protect the best interests of eclipse 's stakeholders , including customers , suppliers , employees and creditors .
despite hostile reviews from the russian press , the production attracted enthusiastic and unprecedented worldwide attention for the theatre and placed it " on the cultural map for western europe . "
although the act was never put into force its crisis caused an unprecedented rise in popularity for sinn féin , destroying all interest in home rule and constitutional nationalism .
the outside was constructed of white and red terra cotta bricks and the inside of the hotel was luxuriously appointed to an unprecedented level at the turn of the century .
the premiere took place on 1 march 1794 to unprecedented applause .
the large size , powerful engines , high speed , large radius of action and unprecedented armament gave these destroyers the firepower similar to many light cruisers in other navies . " ayanami " , built at the fujinagata shipyards in osaka was the first in an improved series , which incorporated a modified gun turret which could elevate her main battery of type 3 127 mm 50 caliber naval guns to 75° as opposed to the original 40° , thus permitting the guns to be used as dual purpose guns against aircraft .
william would stick with that job through the late nineties ' period of unprecedented economic prosperity and opportunity for many .
further floods in 1947 prompted an unprecedented construction of canals throughout southern florida .
chin called the fraud " unprecedented " and " staggering " , and stated that the sentence would deter others from committing similar frauds . "
granada was going through a period of unprecedented change , and many of the company 's divisions were sold off in the wake of the ondigital fiasco .
the nebula , the hugo , and philip k. dick award for paperback original , an unprecedented achievement described by the " mail & guardian " as " the sci - fi writer 's version of winning the goncourt , booker and pulitzer prizes in the same year " .
afterwards , the team was selected the national champion by the associated press in an unprecedented post - bowl vote .
he appeared casual in front of western media , and gave an unprecedented interview with mike wallace of cbs in 2000 at beidaihe .
the international community paid unprecedented attention to the inauguration of barack obama .
during his four seasons ( 1998–2002 ) prague had the opportunity to experience an unprecedented number of world premieres .
the era of consumerism will transform into an unprecedented celebration of creativity .
the nebula and the hugo awards for best novel along with the philip k. dick award for paperback original , an unprecedented achievement described by the " mail & guardian " as " the sci - fi writer 's version of winning the goncourt , booker and pulitzer prizes in the same year " .
everything seemed to be going well for connolly 's side as galwya hoped to capture an unprecedented second consecutive all - ireland title .
when joining the senate , sabini received several high - profile appointments unprecedented for a new member .
nelliampathy was facing an unprecedented drought this summer .
at 5:08 p.m. , the tornado entered worcester and grew to an unprecedented width of 1 mile .
it was eventually decided to hold an unprecedented tv doubleheader on january 1 , 1967 , with the afl championship game in buffalo starting at 1 p.m. and the nfl championship game in dallas starting at 4 p.m.
soon the gamut of activities expanded and impact became the only one of its kind across the b - school to focus on the mba aspirants on an unprecedented scale .
erotic cd - roms were popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s because they brought an unprecedented element of interactiveness and fantasy .
the group 's elevated popularity was unprecedented ; the " little tigers " attracted fans from taiwan , hong kong , china , singapore , and amongst chinese communities around the world .
sébastien bourdais won his third consecutive pole position and inched closer to clinching his unprecedented fourth consecutive champ car title .
in another imaging breakthrough , kodak introduced the first 50 million pixel ccd image sensor , offering unprecedented resolution and detail for professional photography .
if it remains officially jewish , then the state will face an unprecedented level of international isolation , including sanctions , that might prove fatal " .
in 2001 , performer 's merchandise is housed in a separate booth due to " unprecedented traffic and sales last year " .
he was involved in calling two unprecedented imperial conferences which helped resolve a split within the japanese imperial cabinet over the potsdam declaration .
the generations of yadu had an unprecedented growth and got divided into two branches .
with the new aircraft , nowotny scored at an unprecedented " kill " rate , often averaging more than two planes a day for weeks on end .
the unprecedented 3,000 hp ( 2,240 kw ) would be delivered though drive shafts and clutches to a four - bladed tractor propellors mounted on the each middle wing ( the braemar / pullman / tramp family were triplanes ) .
the book is largest monograph in the region complied and produced to pay unprecedented tribute to a single artist , setting a new trend for paying tributes to artists in south asia .
indonesia would experience unprecedented growth , as measured by gross domestic product , thanks to its export driven economy .
his coming to power has been compared to " an untouchable becoming maharajah in india or a jew becoming tsar in russia — an unprecedented development shocking to the majority population which had monopolized power for so many centuries . "
he finished his first year an unprecedented 4th in points , the highest points finish by a rookie in the modern era ( which held until 2006 when his then - teammate denny hamlin finished 3rd ) , and only bested by james hylton , who finished 2nd as a first - timer in 1966 .
this unprecedented international event is to bring over 13,000 competitors , both world - class athletes and ordinary citizens , from 50 countries for 6 domestic and 9 international games .
the paper achieved a golden age of sorts during the mid-1990s , launching the observer 's campuswide reputation to unprecedented heights .
heir to the upjohn company fortune , she is best known in aerial circles for her 1937–1938 35,000-mile ( 56,000 km ) flight in which she photographed unprecedented images of south america and africa .
this in turn lowered the profitability of the processor line and ended an era of unprecedented dominance of the pc hardware by intel .
the ictu enjoyed unprecedented political and economic influence over the period from 1987 to 2009 under the umbrella of ireland 's social partnership arrangements .
dong 's wife was given unprecedented permission to enter and leave the palace as she wished , and she set up a residence with dong inside the palace .
supporters of yanukovych point out donetsk oblast ( province ) secured unprecedented levels of investment during his governorship .
bodoni achieved an unprecedented level of technical refinement , allowing him to faithfully reproduce letterforms with very thin " hairlines " , standing in sharp contrast to the thicker lines constituting the main stems of the characters .
it had unprecedented and sustained success without overly relying on supply reduction approaches .
then in hartford in 1987 , an unprecedented event occurred .
however , under the french protectorate , the city of settat had unprecedented urban development , as evidenced by the population boom it experienced from 1913 to 1925 .
it was in this context , reinforced by the immediate post - war lawlessness , that poland experienced an unprecedented wave of anti - jewish violence ( of which most notable was the kielce pogrom ) .
she is known for initially being denied entry into the 1976 us open by the united states tennis association , citing an unprecedented women - born - women policy .
the intensified progress and the unprecedented interest in metal production were also reflected in the multiplication of active mines and smelting sites ( nef 1987 ) .
the rise of the " neue kronen zeitung " to an unprecedented degree of readership coverage , especially since the mid-1960s and especially in the densely populated northeast of austria , became inextricably entwined with the person of hans dichand and his personal leadership .
aupe flexed its collective muscles in illegal but effective job actions , and began to pick up unprecedented numbers of new members through mergers and organizing .
aug. 2007 - the world health organization reported an unprecedented rate of propagation of infectious diseases .
since methane is twenty - five times stronger ( for a given weight , averaged over 100 years ) than as a greenhouse gas ; this would immensely magnify the greenhouse effect , heating earth to unprecedented levels ( see clathrate gun hypothesis ) .
the oxforshire rising took place under the rule of queen elizabeth i of england during times of bad harvest and unprecedented poverty .
as the storm headed for ohio , this resulted in a " storm of unprecedented magnitude " , according to the national weather service , who categorized it as a rare severe blizzard , the most severe grade of winter storm .
as a result , some analysts believed that smither could draw unprecedented support from republican voters as an alternative to lampson .
marquetry was first popularized under louis xiv in the 17th century in the unprecedented luxury of versailles .
