galtung 's transcend method tries to break with these four unsatisfactory ways of handling a conflict by finding a " fifth way , " where both a and b feel that they win .
luthor 's schemes are offset by a tendency to surround himself with unsatisfactory help ; he is burdened by his bumbling henchman otis , as well as his conscience - stricken girlfriend eve teschmacher .
the experiment with dyarchy proved unsatisfactory .
at the age of 18 , sydney entered training to become a jesuit priest at manresa house in roehampton , london , but left after a deeply unsatisfactory first term .
the round - nosed bullet was found to be unsatisfactory when used in combat , particularly when compared to the dum - dum rounds issued in limited numbers in 1897 during the chitral and tirah expeditions of 1897/98 on the north west frontier of india .
the new boilers are going to be replaced due to unsatisfactory performance .
this is considered an incomplete and unsatisfactory diagnosis by physicians and is rarely used by endocrinologists , as it implies an unfinished diagnostic evaluation .
the type was a necessary one but represented the inevitable unsatisfactory compromise when a vessel has to be designed to fight , to be seaworthy and to have a long endurance , all on a minimum displacement and at minimum expense .
( in programming parlance : h passes an arbitrary " s.d ” to d , and d returns “ satisfactory ” or “ unsatisfactory ” . )
in 1980 , these were re - published in expanded universe , where heinlein grouped them together with " solution unsatisfactory " .
however , s is unsatisfactory for ordinary mathematicians ( who are not finitists ) , because even though n may be available as a subset of s , still the power set of n is not .
however , the uniformity of the flow across the test section was quite unsatisfactory and large fluctuations in time occurred .
respondents found the explanation unsatisfactory , and later on issued an order citing neri in contempt and consequently ordering his arrest and detention at the office of the senate sergeant - at - arms until he appears and gives his testimony .
if he / she had not , he / she gave unsatisfactory answers or perhaps was unable to reply .
two years later however his partner was forced to leave the business , and wakuda decided to sell rather than take over due to the high rent and unsatisfactory location .
despite a 60% increase in power , however , the re - engined xb-22 had unsatisfactory estimated performance and the project was cut before any aircraft were converted .
dr. abdullah abdullah , karzai 's main opponent in the presidential election , called the low voter turnout in kabul " unsatisfactory . "
dahlgren ’s efforts with the xiii - inch shell gun were unsatisfactory and it was not clear that he could solid cast a 15-inch gun .
uefa had introduced for first time the penalty shoot - out as a way of deciding drawn ties - doing away with the unsatisfactory tossing of a coin .
it ended acrimoniously , with schultz stating : " foreign minister gromyko 's response to me today was even more unsatisfactory than the response he gave in public yesterday .
in his book " political competition " , he argues that the traditional downsian model of political competition in a one - dimensional policy - space is unsatisfactory because it leaves many questions inadequately answered , such as why the poor do not expropriate the rich in democracies .
this was mostly due to the home being " unsatisfactory as a residence hall because of its remoteness from the campus . "
opposition to the movement came from organizations such as the federal electoral institute , a government institute who seeks to expand voter participation , who claimed that the response to an unsatisfactory democracy is not to have fewer people vote but to have more people involved in the electoral process .
this version was deemed unsatisfactory and remained unreleased for 22 years , until its inclusion on the " never before " album in 1987 .
this created an unsatisfactory situation which required a currency reform .
in june 2007 , wellington amalgamated with greenock high school - a school suffering from falling school rolls and unsatisfactory accommodation issues ( with capacity at 1,100 and it being half full ) .
however , the conditions at one was found to be unsatisfactory for the operation of republic p-47 thunderbolts and it was decided to shift this depot to chilhollun .
it was not a success , deemed to be expensive and unsatisfactory .
pollution by ammonium in places is ascribed to the unsatisfactory operation of certain sewage works .
schools with three consecutive unsatisfactory ratings will be converted into charter schools .
some authors choose this word but note that it is " unsatisfactory " .
malik is mildly dyslexic and found academic studies trying ; after an unsatisfactory stint of business studies he won a scholarship to guildhall school of music and drama .
historically , jersey city had contracted with the hudson county spca to provide it with animal sheltering services , but the spca had proved to be an unsatisfactory provider .
aside from the obvious differences of disc versus rollerblind headcodes and the slightly less powerful engines , d800 - 802 were only equipped with six power controller notches , which was found to be unsatisfactory for smooth acceleration and economical running in operational use .
after determining that the band would have to change their name , a rushed search for a new name commenced , producing largely unsatisfactory results .
the need for some form of pretermination hearing is evident from a balancing of the competing interests at stake : the private interest in retaining employment , the governmental interests in expeditious removal of unsatisfactory employees and the avoidance of administrative burdens , and the risk of an erroneous termination .
her arresting gear was an unsatisfactory british longitudinal system used on their aircraft carrier that relied on friction between the arrester hook and the cables .
however , he was never officially received to the académie , because the reading committee found the eulogy he wrote for his predecessor unsatisfactory , and he refused to rewrite it .
although the deutsche reichsbahn - gesellschaft took over all the vehicles in 1925 as drg class 98.7 ' " , all bar three were retired during the 1930s due to their unsatisfactory riding performance .
the director 's cut may include unsatisfactory takes , a preliminary soundtrack , a lack of desired pick - up shots etc , which the director would n't like to be shown .
fans of the show were happy to finally receive a decent " scooby - doo ! " video game as the previous ones were unsatisfactory .
the name was formerly sozh ' ( ) , from old east slavic съжь ; suggested baltic and finnic etymologies are unsatisfactory , and v.a. zhuchkevich has proposed that it is derived from old russian / old belarusian " sozhzh ( сожжь ) ' burned parts of a forest prepared for plowing , ' which has parallels in other place names .
as history was to show , the increasing size and weight of airliners would have made the site unsatisfactory by the mid 1930s .
theoretically the guns could be loaded at any angle , but the power rammer was so weak that it could not ram shells at angles above 10°. this problem , coupled with the " poor quality of manufacture of the guns , the unsatisfactory profile of the breech , resulted in a firing cycle of only 3 - 4 rounds per minute during the early trials with jams and failures frequent " , rather than the planned 10 rounds per minute .
as the decade came to a close , dissatisfaction came to a head in 1979 and on march 31 , 1979 approximately 150 teachers gathered at the mt. hope junior secondary school to discuss the unsatisfactory state of the teaching profession , and the meeting adopted a resolution seeking to ensure one autonomous body for teachers .
getting unsatisfactory responses from city officials , as many as 7,000 women joined the march to versailles , bringing with them cannons and a variety of smaller weapons .
the lineup had their first live appearance at a local party , and , soon after , at the " palilula culture olympics " , where they stopped the performance due to the unsatisfactory amplification .
the existing boundaries were found to be " very unsatisfactory " .
this translation has seemed unsatisfactory to some wagner scholars .
in spite of her historic achievements , uscgc " cobb " proved an unsatisfactory acquisition .
it was with some hesitation that he , then a privatdozent at bonn , accepted the position , which may well have seemed rather a precarious one ; but the difficulty was removed by his appointment as extraordinary professor at bonn , with leave of absence for two years , so that he could resume his career in germany if his english one proved unsatisfactory .
apart from the positive and permanent value of the higher unities which he succeeds in establishing , the light and suggestiveness of his discussions and treatment of the great points at issue in all the principal fields of human thought , unsatisfactory as many of his positions may be considered , make him one of the most helpful and instructive of modern thinkers .
judges were not professionally trained so many of their decisions were unsatisfactory being the product of incompetence , capriciousness , corruption or political manipulation .
this immobility let her avoid the social occasions that she found distasteful , and it contributed to her remote and generally unsatisfactory relationships with her children .
there is a likely correlation between the increase and the building of the m40 motorway in 1974 , because roads had been historically terrible -- someone had actually been killed in 1894 because her tricycle had hit parts of the unsatisfactory road .
chong lit cheong , chief executive officer of jtc corporation said that andrew kuan 's work at jtc was unsatisfactory since his first year there and was asked to resign twice on 2003 and 2004 .
after a period of being lionised socially he led a mainly unsatisfactory life , suffering from bad health .
after the enforced retirement of stein in 1810 and the unsatisfactory interlude of the feeble altenstein ministry , hardenberg was again summoned to berlin , this time as chancellor ( june 6 , 1810 ) .
in the course of the first half of the xixth century , several french chemists had initiated some tries at the chemical components of brain tissues , but tools and methods for analysis were poor and results fairly unsatisfactory ; however they had consistently obtained through different methods , mostly through dissolution in warm alcohol of brain matter , a lipidic substance of more of less stable composition which they had diversely called “ matière blanche ” ( louis - nicolas vauquelin ) , “ cérébrote ” ( j.p.couërbe ) , acide cérébrique ( edmond frémy ) .
due to the socially unsatisfactory status of their occupations , often “ [ blue collar workers ] pursue these leisure activities to compensate for their honne sense of cynicism , alienation , and dissatisfaction with their workplace ” ..
nevertheless , 26 of the prisoners were sent for trial before a judge and jury at the next assizes ; two were released because of " unsatisfactory identification " .
the solution to this unsatisfactory situation came at last with introduction of bidding boxes and the system of movable compartments ( ' screens ' ) which prevent players from seeing their own partners during bidding ( a system only used at tournaments of the highest rank ) .
units 333 002 and 333 004 initially received the new livery by september 2008 but the finish of the vinyls was unsatisfactory .
even this solution proved to be unsatisfactory , and in 1975 tcam was replaced by parrot , with 200 terminals connected to the pdp-11 , of which 80 could be simultaneously active .
however , the common pointed shell proved unsatisfactory , with the base fuze frequently working loose and falling out during flight .
and so , in the end , socrates finds both his companions ' theories to be unsatisfactory , and the dialogue ends in aporia , the greek term for philosophical confusion .
but some pieces are of doubtful genuineness , and the tradition concerning others is very unsatisfactory .
when singapore first gained independence in 1965 , the state of the public transport system was extremely unsatisfactory .
' unusual and unsatisfactory ' but the privy council said this was ' an
other information recorded , where available , were dates of previous admissions , " form of mental disorder " , bodily condition ( " satisfactory " , " unsatisfactory " , " feeble " , et cetera ) and " duration of existing attack " .
the report concluded that in many respects , the environment agency 's policies , plans and operational arrangements were sound , and that staff did their best in extreme circumstances , but there were instances of unsatisfactory planning , inadequate warnings for the public , incomplete defences and poor co - ordination with emergency services .
the company which had requested the odorless ink , however , found that it was unsatisfactory for other reasons and , after some further effort , gessler stopped trying to solve that problem .
any borderline or unsatisfactory end of year grades are met with resits in august , along with the rest of the university .
in the unreliable summers of northern france , the acidity of under ripen grapes was often masked with chaptalization with unsatisfactory results , whereas now the less ripe grapes are made into popular sparkling wines such as crémant de loire .
the original french instrument had a five - octave range , but as the lowest octave was considered somewhat unsatisfactory , it was omitted from later models .
socrates then , through elenctic testing , shows his interlocutor that his answer is unsatisfactory .
in 1990 , the american association of university professors ( aaup ) defended curran and censured the catholic university of america due to its failure to adhere to the aaup 's principles on academic freedom and tenure , and that it found that " unsatisfactory conditions of academic freedom and tenure have been found to prevail " at the catholic university of america .
this arrangement was found to be unsatisfactory , and not repeated in later classes . "
the u.s. army ’s unsatisfactory experiences several years earlier with.38-caliber pistols used against moro tribesmen during the philippine - american war may also have been a factor against larger acceptance of the " large frame " automatics .
however , his career at inter turned out to be extremely unsatisfactory and he was sacked after a few games in the national league and a disappointing uefa cup campaign , ended with an early elimination by boavista fc .
considered unsatisfactory and uneconomic , the tiger stripe scheme , as it was dubbed by railfans , was dropped .
according to mikami , the japanese voice acting was removed from the game as he found the quality of the performances to be unsatisfactory .
the film is not often seen nowadays , but continues with generally negative reviews with critics from rotten tomatoes noting the film as , " highly entertaining but practically incomprehensible " and as an " unsatisfactory early tongue - in - cheek comedy / suspense yarn " .
the trackage acquired from the wr&cc was built to the low standards of a bush tramway , unsatisfactory as a permanent line .
in the morning it was explained that the delay was caused because the military commander of the port of veracruz had received telegrams from mrs. madero , which had led him to reply unsatisfactory to general huerta 's instructions .
unsatisfactory ” and simultaneously issued the order citing him in contempt and ordering his immediate arrest and detention , even if he has expressed his desire to appear before them to answer other questions except those covered by executive privilege .
initially , sales were highly unsatisfactory , but after about 10 issues the magazines took off .
this was unsatisfactory to anderson , and the papier - mâché heads were replaced with hollow fibre glass heads with rods inside which could move the eyes — though the puppets could not blink — and wires which with a 12 volt current could move the mouths .
naturally , it was unsatisfactory to both parties .
many mas-49/56 rifles imported as surplus in the usa had been rechambered locally by century arms international to fire the 7.62x51 mm nato round , but several user reports have noted this conversion was unsatisfactory ( resulting in numerous action stoppages and misfires ) due to bad workmanship .
however this was generally regarded as unsatisfactory by both catholics and protestants .
peru took delivery of a number of ca.111s in the 1930s for use as " heavy " bombers , but found them unsatisfactory in service and by 1935 had begun to consider replacing them .
the unity of piccadilly circus had been upset by the construction of shaftesbury avenue , and the first proposals were unsatisfactory .
this lack of a general theory of expectations was an unsatisfactory state of affairs and proved to be key in muth 's approach to solve the problem which has often been termed intereaction between expectations and reality " .
bolt also worked on the early drafts of the script for " gandhi " , but his script was considered unsatisfactory and he was replaced by john briley .
this has been found to be unsatisfactory for protecting taller structures , as it is possible for lightning to strike the side of a building .
however , increased traffic and suburban development rendered these routes unsatisfactory over time and by the 1950s they had been replaced with bitumen surfaced roads .
scrollquest has been reported to the better business bureau and has an " unsatisfactory record " on file with the bbb .
the ability to appoint a receiver and manager was a very powerful remedy , but it came to be considered unsatisfactory that it was entirely a creature of the contract between the creditor and the borrower .
as these talks proved unsatisfactory , the ussr began to consider a military alternative .
early in the development the navy requested better altitude performance and , in view of unsatisfactory progress in the development of the xh-2470 engine , curtiss adapted the design of the aircraft around the new turbocharged wright r-3350 duplex - cyclone air - cooled radial engine .
this was unsatisfactory and was replaced with a fowler horizontal steam engine after a year or two .
to the extent prosecutors overstep their charging authority , judges retain the ability to reject unsatisfactory plea agreements .
as of june 2009 , saba has received a positive initial review ( with the exception of an " unsatisfactory " in the " academic orientation " category ) by the nederlands - vlaamse accreditatieorganisatie ( nvao ) , which is responsible for assessing academic quality in the netherlands , flanders , and dutch caribbean colonies .
they had poor underpaid staff , no desks , and unsatisfactory textbooks that came from england .
the unsatisfactory condition of airfields recently constructed at leyte were deemed unreliable , so the potential of more aircraft landing sites at mindoro to support the luzon operation appealed more to macarthur .
many modern digital mini - labs will produce unsatisfactory results when presented cross - processed e-6 as the scanner will attempt color correction to " normalize " the final image , this can generally be overcome by using professional dedicated film scanners and disabling any color correction if scans or prints are to be made .
the gun originated with a contest between rheinmetall and krupp , both of whom entered several designs that were all considered unsatisfactory for one reason or another .
originally intended to be powered by a 390 hp ( 291 kw ) curtiss r-1454 , the engine was deemed unsatisfactory and the 410 hp ( 306 kw ) pratt & whitney r-1340 engine substituted .
it took part in the spanish civil war , but its unsatisfactory performance led to its quick replacement with the also disappointing breda ba.64 , ba.65 and ba.88 types .
in march 2009 , the corporate general manager of the dmo , ms jane wolfe , was dismissed for unsatisfactory performance . "
though amritpal had passed the qualifying norm of 8.05 m for the 2004 athens olympics , he was left out because of unsatisfactory form and fitness .
frege then wrote an appendix admitting to the paradox , and proposed a solution that russell would endorse in his " principles of mathematics " , but was later considered by some unsatisfactory .
the intent was to replace the class with two ex - lb&scr d1 class tanks , though these proved highly unsatisfactory , leading to the decision to re - commission and rebuild numbers 0125 and 0520 at eastleigh , where they were outshopped as 3125 and 3520 .
here it proved unsatisfactory , suffering water spray damage , and was written off charge in august 1928 .
yarding was always a difficult and relatively unsatisfactory practice .
so , instead , i settled for the detached anonymity of bookstores and rest stops a compromise , but one that was wholly unfulfilling and morally unsatisfactory . "
in 1995 , after the 8th iypt ( spała , poland ) , the moscow organizing committee head valentin lobyshev has explained the modest results , " above the only finnish team " , by the " composition of our teams , no succession with previous experience and the language problems , resulting in unsatisfactory english language . "
on later models , the iron sights were at first replaced by a plastic optical ring sight , which proved unsatisfactory in service , frequently turning opaque after a few days ' exposure to sunlight .
but at the point of conflict , yields will have become unsatisfactory .
this arrangement is unsatisfactory , resulting in traffic backups on both washington road and route 1 .
beecham had recorded this work with the baritone dennis noble in 1928 , but this was not issued owing to unsatisfactory acoustics .
john kubicek , also of buddytv , found her death scene unsatisfactory , commenting , " then we have that entirely tacked on scene at the end which felt so artificial , like i accidentally flipped over to a different show .
the original baltimore and ohio railroad electrification used a sliding shoe in an overhead channel , a system quickly found to be unsatisfactory .
curiously , even after the t-70 's production line was redesigned , su-76 self - propelled guns started to be built with the same unsatisfactory unsynchronized two - engine layout , and all of them were later recalled for factory rebuilding as su-76ms .
stoenescu was a vicepresident of uniunea forţelor de dreapta , resigning from it in 2000 , following the unsatisfactory results in the local elections , joining the national liberal party in august 2000 .
it proved necessary to build new hospitals for the treatment of tuberculosis and mental disorders , however as the specialised army hospitals established for the treatment of these conditions were respectively unsatisfactory and had to be returned to the government of new south wales .
the growing unwillingness of the grand hetman żółkiewski " to shed the blood of our brethren " was the cause of this unsatisfactory solution .
however , the aaib found these repairs by welding were unsatisfactory in ensuring safe operation .
the bnp defends itself by arguing that over 20% of the working population has some criminal record or another and that a large proportion of mps , councillors and activists in the other three main parties also have unsatisfactory past records .
despite the rapid expansion of facilities during this period , rosewood continually suffered from over - crowding and a shortage of staff , often resulting in unsatisfactory patient conditions .
the opera has been a matter of renewed interest in modern times , with several stagings , beginning from the genoese teatro dell’opera giocosa ’s one in 1983 , which was also recorded ( first world recording ) and which , despite an unsatisfactory general outcome , can boast at least of an excellent curiatius , interpreted by the soprano daniela dessì .
his explanations deemed unsatisfactory , the council deposed him from his priestly office and excommunicated him .
according to one publication , initial attempts at packaging cds were unsatisfactory .
a common interpretation , seen by more recent scholars as unsatisfactory , is that of " kordian " as a critique of romantic ideals .
however , many authors , especially those active in the open access movement , found this unsatisfactory , and have used their influence to effect a gradual move towards a license to publish instead .
the m-30 had proven to be unsatisfactory in service , as it was unreliable and troublesome at high altitudes and in cold conditions .
in 1940 he moved to potsdam , and in 1944 , with increasingly unsatisfactory demands from the prevailing powers , he left germany for switzerland .
they are viewed by many supporters of same - sex marriage like the british humanist association as representing an unsatisfactory compromise .
he received an excellent education , especially in grammar and rhetoric , but professed that his progress in greek was unsatisfactory .
in real life the reason for professor bergman 's absence after the first season was due to unsatisfactory salary and contract negotiations between the actor barry morse , who portrayed victor , and the show 's producers .
the satellite was spin stabilized at 50 rpm , but the optical instrument 's data was poor because of an unsatisfactory orientation of the spin axis .
when a hypothesis proves unsatisfactory , it is either modified or discarded .
after epr ( einstein – podolsky – rosen ) , quantum mechanics was left in an unsatisfactory position : either it was incomplete , in the sense that it failed to account for some elements of physical reality , or it violated the principle of finite propagation speed of physical effects .
the unsatisfactory situation concerning food safety becomes immediately clear by looking at the fact that the argentine national inspection services audited and approved only 35 slaughterhouses in 2003 on good manufacturing practices and hazard analysis and critical control point ( haccp ) .
the other story is " solution unsatisfactory " which is concerned with a nuclear weapon , although it is only a radiological " dirty bomb " , not a nuclear explosive device .
this seems to be the reason why these models are so very unsatisfactory .
unfortunately [ lindsey coulson ] had left the series and the ending was unsatisfactory in terms of realistic resolution .
but to africans , this increasingly proved unsatisfactory and their leaders began to voice demands for majority rule .
they therefore decided to build a new port at porthcawl as the old tidal dock was unsatisfactory .
bancroft 's father had devoted his son to the work of the ministry ; but the young man 's first experiments at preaching , shortly after his return from europe in 1822 , were unsatisfactory .
the united kingdom declared war on germany , on 3 august 1914 , following an ' unsatisfactory reply ' to the british ultimatum that belgium must be kept neutral .
two hours of study are required each weeknight from 8 - 10pm , with students on academic probation ( resulting from unsatisfactory grades ) required to study for an additional hour each night , beginning at 7 pm .
a 40-minute cut was prepared but was deemed by the band to be of unsatisfactory quality .
there was a script for a possible third movie written in 1989 and rewritten in 1990 , but it was found unsatisfactory by the producers , and the project was subsequently scrapped .
players installing the game on a modern system have often found it unusable , as the combination of too - powerful hardware ( the game lacks programming to properly limit its behavior in high - framerate situations ) and graphical anomalies ( due to the heavy use of now - deprecated directx 5 and 6 programming routines ) make for an extremely unsatisfactory gameplay experience .
this system proved unsatisfactory in the long term , because the cast - iron plates were liable to break , cast iron being weak under extension and brittle , and also because the track was liable to collect stones or other debris .
grading was high pass , pass , low pass , and unsatisfactory , earning 4 , 3 , 2 , and 0 quality points respectively .
this solution is somewhat unsatisfactory , given that a judge may not always be present , and that " defensive play " is a subjective notion .
due to its awkward arrangement and unsatisfactory operation wood lane station was closed in 1947 when a new replacement station ( white city ) was opened a short distance to the north .
the report concluded that sewage from many settlements received unsatisfactory treatment , while sewage from palestinian villages was disposed in unlined cesspits with no treatment at all , and sewage from palestinian cities was generally discharged without treatment into streams or the open environment .
in particular , the 1978 election and the 1981 election both delivered outcomes that many deemed unsatisfactory ; the opposition labour party won the highest number of votes , but robert muldoon 's governing national party won more seats .
the producers arranged a deal with fox that would allow them to abandon production of the film at any point if they felt the script was unsatisfactory .
willoughby has openly expressed disapproval of the record , along with apologies to the record label dashboard hula girl records , citing unsatisfactory editing and the poor quality of the songs themselves .
unfortunately the surface was unsatisfactory and , to his regret , had to be covered .
congress considered lithinglow 's subsequent response " wholly unsatisfactory and calculated to rouse resentment among all those who are anxious to gain ...
the second argument they had was against the amount of land taken and unsatisfactory compensation offered in comparison .
the internal subdivision of the machinery rooms was greatly modified by the new york navy yard in november 1939 , as tests had demonstrated that the underwater protection in this area was most unsatisfactory .
according to his recollections , his " angelic face " had initially been judged unsatisfactory by ciulei , but he managed to convince during casting .
he told the jury : " you may conclude that there are some unsatisfactory features about aspects of the sampling and recording procedures " . "
einstein thought it necessary to replace lorentz 's theory of electrons by assuming that lorentz 's " local time " can simply be called " time " , and he stated that the immobile ether as the theoretical fundament of electrodynamics was unsatisfactory .
though this constitutes a logical conclusion to the " via crucis " , it has been increasingly regarded as unsatisfactory as an end - point to meditation upon the paschal mystery , which according to christian doctrine culminates in , and is incomplete without , the resurrection ( see , for example , 1 corinthians 15.17–20 ) .
this arrangement also proved unsatisfactory and rhk 's own journalists , who until then had been confined to producing magazine programmes , took over the entire news operation .
however , other vegetable gums often make an unsatisfactory product that does not have the spring or firmness expected of gelatin - based marshmallows .
they recorded six songs , but the results were deemed unsatisfactory and ultimately rejected .
during world war i , mail was evaluated as a material for bullet proof vests , but results were unsatisfactory as the rings would fragment and further aggravate the damage .
its facilities and flat sizes are found unsatisfactory since its standard is much lower than that in other public housing estates .
the construction of canning dam ended a long period during which perth 's water supply was generally unsatisfactory in quality ( either due to salinity or bacterial pollution or both ) and in quantity .
the bbb lists the fbaa with an " unsatisfactory record " citing a " failure to substantiate its advertised claims . "
however , japan lacked much of the technical expertise or industrial infrastructure to develop such as weapon , and initial prototypes issued as the “ type 7 10 cm cannon ” and the “ type 12 10 cm cannon ” were rejected as unsatisfactory .
with collagen as the only available filler material , and that proving a very unsatisfactory option , many surgeons in the 1980s sought to develop a surgical alternative that would increase the size of lips and give them a more youthful contour .
if the soldier or civilian ’s performance is unsatisfactory
however , the provisions of the reforms were unsatisfactory enough for madame bhikaji cama to call them unsuitable for britain to offer and unworthy for indians to accept , accelerating the tension already building in india .
nonetheless , he found life in managua unsatisfactory , and prompted by the advice of some friends , he opted to embark for chile on june 5 , 1886 .
batatu has also described al - arsuzi as having a racialist outlook which proved in the end intellectually sterile and unsatisfactory to his followers , and as having been deeply influenced in his thought by the tenets of his alawi religious background .
the commissioners of 1807 - 1812 reported the school as being in a very unsatisfactory condition .
domestically , the unsatisfactory conclusion to the sino - french war dampened enthusiasm for colonial conquest .
the historical development of coinage in modern nations has been from silver monometallism through a more or less unsatisfactory experience with bimetallism , to the single gold standard .
this special remastered edition contained a completely reworked image , with a newly cleaned up print compared to the grainy , dirty and unsatisfactory previous version .
current drug treatments are generally unsatisfactory ; available medications are highly toxic and often ineffective , particularly those used to treat the chronic stage of the disease .
the report noted that the wastewater treatment situation in europe is still very unsatisfactory and that none of the deadlines has been met by all member countries .
results of surgical foreskin restoration are much faster , but are often described as unsatisfactory , and most restoration groups advise against them .
in " the long watch " heinlein took virtually a diametrically opposite position to that of " solution unsatisfactory " .
for some reason , however , it was soon found to be unsatisfactory .
the second ( more recently drafted ) agreement concerned the succession dispute around the perak throne and was unsatisfactory from the very beginning . "
the last portion of the ancient history of kauai , from the time of kahakumakapaweo until the close of the eighteenth century , is the most unsatisfactory to whoever undertakes to reduce the national legends , traditions , and chants to some degree of historical form and sequence .
so far any identification of any of the " varsas " of jambudvipa has been completely unsatisfactory .
instead of pronouncing a firm " satisfactory " or " unsatisfactory " in its reliability reports , the bureau is now issuing a new label , " accredited , " that any business can obtain by becoming a bbb member .
only one was built as tests showed its climbing performance was unsatisfactory and the type proved to be much heavier than originally envisaged : about 25 short tons .
in danish or norwegian , the expression " venstrehåndsarbejde " or " venstrehåndsarbeid " ( left - hand work ) means " something that is done in a sloppy or unsatisfactory way " .
besançon 's present astronomical clock , made in 1860 by auguste - lucien vérité of beauvais to replace an earlier and unsatisfactory one made by bernardin in the 1850s , differs from those in strasbourg , lyon and beauvais .
if the frontier is unsatisfactory now , it will be far more so when it has to be drawn on this side ( of the river ) with no natural line to follow , cutting off germany from the river bank and within a mile or so of marienwerder , which is certain to vote german .
wolfram may have been referring to the northern french poet guiot de provins , but this identification has proven unsatisfactory .
in robert a. heinlein 's story " solution unsatisfactory " the us develops radioactive dust as the ultimate weapon of war and uses it to destroy berlin in 1945 and end the war with germany .
from 1819 to 1840 , the school was known as glynn county academy . because of an unsatisfactory courthouse , the county 's superior and inferior courts often met at the school from 1825 to 1884 .
attempts to use old two - axled trailers showed them to be unsatisfactory , and a series of thirty bogie - trailers were ordered .
four marks can be granted ( unsatisfactory , pass , " cum laude " , and " summa cum laude " ) .
in this , heinlein was a master : he foresaw interstate highways ( " the roads must roll " ) , concern over nuclear power generation ( " blowups happen " ) , international nuclear stalemate ( " solution unsatisfactory "— i.e . , the cold war ) as well as numerous other lesser examples .
however , the committee has repeatedly stressed the need to develop communal activities for prisoners outside their living units ; it is unfortunately very clear from the information gathered in december 2005 that the situation in this regard remains highly unsatisfactory " .
the solution to this unsatisfactory situation came at last with introduction of bidding boxes and the system of movable compartments ( ' screens ' ) which prevent players from seeing their own partners during bidding ( a system only used at tournaments of the highest rank ) .
the code was later dropped out of both windows and office due to the unsatisfactory user acceptance of the technology and despite his efforts to improve the way the interface could be use , the project as discontinued at microsoft .
the video includes multiple rooms , including a white room with perry that suggests violence ( e.g. , red wine ) , a dark room with an unhappy perry in an unsatisfactory relationship , and a cloudy location .
the old hall , home of the rosse family , proved unsatisfactory as the number of pupils continued to grow and a new school was opened in 1939 .
" generally , a motor carrier rated unsatisfactory is prohibited from operating a cmv .
two others were also charged and found guilty of brett 's murder , thomas maguire and edward o'meagher condon , but their death sentences were overturned : o'meagher condon through the intercession of the united states government he was an american citizen and maguire because the evidence given against him was considered unsatisfactory .
the band used the extra time to practise their songs , but this later proved unsatisfactory to them – yorke said , " we had all of these songs and we really liked them , but we knew them almost too well ... so we had to sort of learn to like them again before we could record them , which is odd . "
as these talks proved unsatisfactory , the soviets began to consider a military alternative .
fairlea 's grounds and buildings were more spacious than the those of the female unit at pentridge ; however many of the buildings were unsatisfactory , dating from the site 's time as an asylum in the 1860s .
effect , when produced , so unsatisfactory , as to render it necessary to abandon the idea of using
" parmenides " 132a ) , while ideas derive from the concrete world of flux ultimately is unsatisfactory and uncertain ( see the " theaetetus " ) .
one t-55 tank fitted with this gas turbine engine passed trials but was deemed unsatisfactory and did the design did not go into production .
due to unsatisfactory and sub par standards and results , the school was placed upon special measures .
other speakers include steve coast of openstreetmap and ed parsons of google who said that current licensing of ordnance survey data was unsatisfactory .
the weyl correspondence as an invertible transform , rather than as an unsatisfactory quantization rule .
kiszko launched an appeal , but it was thrown out on 25 may 1978 , when lord justice bridge said " we can find no grounds whatsoever to condemn the jury 's verdict of murder as in any way unsafe or unsatisfactory " .
however , failure to comply or unsatisfactory performance may result in a charge or return to court .
for this reason , insufficient patient inhalation flow rates may lead to reduced dose delivery and incomplete deaggregation of the powder , leading to unsatisfactory device performance .
in association football , games ending in a draw may be settled in extra time and eventually by a penalty shootout , viewed by many fans as an unsatisfactory conclusion to a fixture , or by replaying the fixture .
he found the original ending to the script unsatisfactory and pitched his own idea , which became the ending used in the final film .
although isaac watts tried to write hymns , those like jonathan swift and samuel johnson reversed calvin 's beliefs and claimed that religion and poetry could not mix because the poetry could be damaged : swift claimed that " the smallest quantity of religion , like a single drop of malt - liquor in claret , will muddy and discompose the brightest poetical genius " and johnson wrote specifically that watt 's " devotional poetry is , like that of others , unsatisfactory .
if one spouse has an " unsatisfactory " physical or mental condition , ranging from dyslexia to schizophrenia , they are banned from marrying .
the result left the country with inadequate infrastructure and unsatisfactory manufactured goods .
having gotten this far , however , stockhausen seems to have found them unsatisfactory for two reasons : ( 1 ) they were all quite short , and ( 2 ) they were too one - dimensional , each concentrating too obviously on one particular compositional problem . "
limerent fantasy is unsatisfactory unless rooted in reality , because the fantasizer may want the fantasy to seem realistic and somewhat possible .
the hs 130a-0/u6 variant as well as the other hs 130a-0s proved unsatisfactory and were never flown operationally .
while he explains this kemp reads his discharge order , which reads " with dishonor , conduct unbecoming an officer : character unsatisfactory , morally unstable " .
earlier anti - aircraft guns based on 13 pounder and 18 pounder guns proved unsatisfactory .
according to macdonald , he had earlier written an introductory novel about mcgee that he burned as being unsatisfactory .
by the crucial year of 1916 , french line infantry , still equipped with the unsatisfactory saint - etienne , convinced general petain that it urgently needed the more reliable hotchkiss .
unfortunately the september 11 terrorist attacks forced a quick end to the story , with the results being unsatisfactory .
the gtre returned to turbojet technology with the greatly redesigned , but unsatisfactory , gtx-35 .
when this alliance proved unsatisfactory , he came to an agreement with alfred the great of wessex , visiting alfred at his court .
in this system , grades 90 and above are classified as ' honors , ' 80 and above as ' very good , ' 70 and above as ' good , ' 60 and above as ' passing , ' 40 and above as ' unsatisfactory , ' and anything below 40 as " x " for seriously failing .
immediately after his death and ayurbarwada 's succession in 1311 , the unsatisfactory khunggirad faction came together under his mother dagi and purged pro - khayishan officials .
economics has firm foundations in assumption of rationality , so the systematic errors made by agents in macroeconomic theory were considered unsatisfactory by sargent and wallace .
during his first visit , a demonstration of projectile firing was carried out , but the result was most unsatisfactory .
madero ’s presidency proved to be short - lived , as he alienated almost all of his supporters by refusing to enact land reforms and developing weak and unsatisfactory programs for social change .
in 1970 , gene damon of " the ladder " referred to meaker as " the evil genius " for her excellent writing about unpleasant and unsatisfactory lesbian themes .
a self - proclaimed successor group to pērkonkrusts emerged in the 1990s as an organization whose stated goal was the overthrow of the current unsatisfactory government and the establishment of a " latvian latvia " .
the parishioners used the priory church but this proved unsatisfactory and disruptive to the priory 's activities .
by defending x - com 's funding sources ( initially the countries of australia , brazil , canada , china , egypt , france , germany , india , italy , japan , nigeria , russia , spain , uk , usa in the first game ) ; any nation may quit , if x - com 's service is deemed unsatisfactory or the nation 's government has been infiltrated by the invaders from enemy invasion , the force loses monetary support from that nation .
this unsatisfactory situation has been brought to the attention of the bbc but so far there has been no positive response .
( unsatisfactory ) .
in 1991 , lastman 's son blayne and business partner marvin kirsh re - launched the chain , over the objections of his father , who felt the economic climate was unsatisfactory .
tests commenced shortly thereafter with the weapon mounted in a gotha g.i , but proved unsatisfactory .
