the woodland element is presently unsettled and is untypical of its location - bastow wood is more settled since it has not been replanted - but the very rich ground flora of grass wood is characteristic of an ancient woodland on limestone .
september has unsettled weather .
the act granted 160 acres ( 0.6 km² ) of unsettled land south of the line separating townships 9 and 10 south .
clashes in this unsettled region became a full scale war with russia in april 1920 as pilsudski , in alliance with symon petliura , launched a successful attack into the ukraine .
mabys strongly discouraged contact between girls in their care and their relatives , amid concerns that children would acquire bad habits from their families , or become unsettled by relatives , who would often attempt to remove the children .
there is a pre - maya writing known as " epi - olmec script " ( post olmec ) which some researchers believe may represent a transitional script between olmec and maya writing , but the relationships between these remain unclear and the matter is unsettled .
in his six - year stint with valencia 's main squad , however , palop was mostly backup to veteran santiago cañizares , his most matches consisting of 15 in his first year ; as the club were crowned league champions in 2002 and 2004 , he could only appear seven times combined ( all in the former ) , and eventually grew unsettled .
its taxonomy is confusing and remains unsettled .
in 1830 he signed the indian removal act , by which he offered native americans land in unsettled areas west of the mississippi river , in exchange for their lands in existing states .
although the english knighted ó ruairc , in time they became unsettled by him .
1 ) , the arid steppe ( bozkır as its said ) terrain was probably not much preferred by pre - turkish settlers , due to its dryness and unremarkable landmark , was much left unsettled .
he offered beranabus the chance to go with him , but beranabus unsettled theseus so he left him there alone .
the weather forecast in " the detroit news " called for " moderate to brisk " winds for the great lakes , with occasional rains thursday night or friday for the upper lakes ( except on southern lake huron ) , and fair to unsettled conditions for the lower lakes .
the officers who are to determine his fate are themselves a little unsettled by the way things are going .
“ " the congressional elections which were postponed awaiting the outcome of the corinto conference were held late in november [ 1926 ] except in the departments of león , chinandega , and esteli , where the unsettled conditions made elections impossible " ” .
the two governments undertook to cooperate in every way in their power , with a view to the restoration of peaceful conditions in the unsettled areas .
they lived in the hills in unsettled conditions under the protection of the gakhars and later shifted to the plains .
disputes over the interpretation of the treaty led the spartans to dispatch ambassadors to athens with full powers to arrange all unsettled matters .
they were also wary of antagonizing the united states , which had emerged from its civil war as a formidable military power with unsettled grievances because british interests had sold ships to the confederacy despite a blockade , and thus opposed the use of terms such as " kingdom " or " empire " to describe the new country .
most of the treterine empire , including that area claimed which encircles the drammin prefecture , is unsettled and especially the far southern regions that it claims , as well as the entire eastern coastline .
the fort , however , was a problem ; to take materials overland required traveling through unsettled wilderness .
hogan won the match , but the feud remained unsettled .
although hindus were frequently soft targets in pakistan , the rise of taliban forces in the political arena has particularly unsettled the already fragile situation for the minority community .
however , the peruvian academy and the sil both refused to adopt it and continued to propose new alphabets , leaving the issue unsettled .
he would be , however , soon be deemed surplus to requirements , and served three consecutive loans until his retirement at 32 ( in 2002–03 , he played the first part of the season at hannover 96 in germany , alongside teammates jaime ( also with him real madrid ) and josé manuel , but soon grew unsettled and returned to spain ) .
argos became such an unsettled state of public affairs , sycophancy and violence became prevalent : … "
demonstrating that the economic model of colonial new england was large families of children on small - hold farms , producing sufficient wealth not only to live comfortably but to enable all of the children to purchase farms , she argues that a crunch point was reached when cheap , unsettled land ceased to be available .
according to suetonius , to the surprise of the world , " the empire which for a long time had been unsettled and , as it were , drifting through the usurpation and violent death of three emperors , was at last taken in and given stability by the flavian family " ( vespasian 1 : 1 ) .
the scant and patchy nature of the written records from this period suggest that it was unsettled .
this was especially the case in the latter period of its existence , when cucuteni - trypillian settlements began to pop up across the unsettled region of what is today western ukraine .
following the season , news came that le tallec had become unsettled at rennes , primarily due to his limited first - team opportunities at the club .
armenians in azerbaijan are at a great risk as long as the nagorno - karabakh conflict remains unsettled .
when recognized as a separate species , the number of subspecies of the torresian imperial - pigeon also remains unsettled .
east london finding herself almost surrounded , except to the north , became very unsettled during the apartheid era .
it was , in fact , a compromise , and left the fundamental issues unsettled .
for the next few years , his whereabouts are not known for certain , but he appears to have lived an unsettled life in the english midlands and yorkshire .
the unsettled may was bowled in the following over by ron archer .
conflicts within the coalition resulted in the self - imposed exile of vice president ali salim al - beidh to aden beginning in august 1993 and a deterioration in the general security situation as political rivals settled scores and tribal elements took advantage of the unsettled situation .
operations with the 7th fleet included keeping watch on the unsettled problems in southeast asia .
they received free land , monetary incentives , and other perks in exchange for populating unsettled territories and working in the new growing coffee industry .
on may 9 , 1786 , congress instructed him to continue his survey only south of the geographers line , because the position of the 41st line of latitude , the northern boundary of the congress lands , north of which is the connecticut western reserve , was unsettled .
however , the region remained largely unsettled under dutch rule as the dutch did little to encourage settlement north of modern hudson county , as the imposing new jersey palisades blocked expansion on the west bank of the hudson .
the border with oman also remains officially unsettled , but the two governments agreed to delineate the border in may 1999 .
in 1356 the milanese visconti , helped by 2,000 exiled reggiani , captured the city , starting an unsettled period of powersharing with the gonzaga .
with sherwood unsettled in 1999 and having family and business links in hertfordshire , tottenham hotspur and arsenal were the firm favourites for his signature , with george graham again prepared to offer £ 4million for his services .
the 1847 orders in council divided land into settled , intermediate and unsettled areas , with pastoral leases of one , eight and 14 years for each category respectively .
it was meant to deal with various unsettled complications .
mercedes , donna , and edinburg were small towns then , and the area now known as the delta area was , for the most part , unsettled .
many unsettled issues ( if their gravity would not require a kris obviously from the start ) are dealt informally through involvement of other members from the local communities .
the song repeatedly shifts between two keys , giving it a constant unsettled feeling .
aggravating the condition was the still unsettled indian rebellion of 1857 .
lieutenant general ēmile janssen 's intention may only have been to stress the need for continued discipline and obedience to orders but the impact on the soldiers , unsettled by the demands of maintaining order during independence celebrations and fearful that they would be excluded from the benefits of the new freedom , was disastrous .
when ögedei died before achieving his dream of conquering all of china , there was an unsettled transition to his son güyük ( 1241 ) overseen by ögedei 's wife töregene who had assumed the regency for the five years following ögedei 's death .
sound for silence cd and health guide package , are based on dr zehnwirth ’s over 20 years of paediatric experience and provide a modern solution to the age - old problem of soothing unsettled babies .
there is a pre - mayan writing known as " epi - olmec script " ( post olmec ) which some researchers believe may represent a transitional script between the olmec writing and maya writing , but since there are no clear examples of olmec writing as yet , the matter is unsettled .
when li zitong heard this , he believed that with li fuwei not at danyang , the region might be unsettled enough that if he were able to flee back to the region , he might be able to reestablish his state .
two unsettled historiographic debates exist revolving around the operation : whether the egyptians were intending to advance toward tel aviv , which most historians agree was not the case ; and whether the operation was a turning point on the israeli southern front .
unsettled clears .
in 1774 he married dorette leonhart , the daughter of a hanoverian official ; but his passion for his wife 's younger sister auguste ( the " molly " of his poems and elegies ) rendered the union unhappy and unsettled his life .
due to the still unsettled relationship between uzbekistan and the united states following the 2005 andijon massacre and subsequent expulsion of u.s. forces from karshi - khanabad airbase , u.s. forces were not involved in the shipment of supplies .
drachmann was unsettled , and still doubted whether his real strength lay in the pencil or in the pen .
amid accusations that liverpool had unsettled the player , tottenham hotspur filed a complaint to the premier league regarding the club 's conduct .
at the time , most political pundits saw kennedy 's assassination as leaving the nation politically unsettled .
gheorghiu - dej was unsettled by nikita khrushchev 's reforms and the process of de - stalinization .
the name " uncanny valley " comes from a theory which was introduced by japanese roboticist , masahiro mori , in 1970 to describe the phenomena by which human beings become more unsettled by robots or other human facsimiles in direct proportion to how lifelike they appear .
the collapse of france and the airborne aggression directed at great britain unsettled the americans , who had close relations with both nations , and a peacetime draft was instituted , along with lend - lease programs to aid the british , and covert aid was passed to the chinese as well .
in 1783 , the treaty of paris left the united states independent and at peace , but with an unsettled governmental structure .
it was known that king oscar ii was not amenable to accepting the bernadotte offer , but the issue remained unsettled until the offer was formally declined by the king when he renounced his claim on 26 october .
the existing members , mostly european , had conducted proceedings with traditional british decorum and restraint , and presumably expected the new members to behave similarly ; but these two asked awkward questions and made radical proposals which unsettled and embarrassed the existing membership .
the latitude of the area means that it is influenced by predominantly westerly winds with depressions and their associated fronts , bringing with them unsettled and windy weather , particularly in winter .
were entirely unsettled in 1821 ; in 1837 the fertile lands of the former maintained nearly forty thousand and of the latter nearly thirty thousand hardy citizens .
as a unit of the powerful and versatile 7th fleet , she ranged the western pacific from japan to the philippines , ever alert to insure peace in the unsettled far east .
in the realm of self - government , any of these can and does occur along a stretch of road — which for the most part is passing through rural unsettled countryside .
unsettled , he switched the following season to newly promoted c.d. trofense .
several airlines canceled flights to and from the regions for three days due to unsettled weather produced by the storm .
the main reason for returning home was the unsettled state of situation in the burmese empire .
the asiatic mode of production is said to be the initial form of class society , where a small group extracts social surplus through violence aimed at settled or unsettled band communities within a domain .
unsettled by the attention , dawn run made a bad mistake at the water jump and lost two lengths and her momentum .
the scrums in particular were no place for the faint - hearted , and ryan was being unsettled by the souths ' front row of jim morgan and john o'neill .
the name " orexin " has been rejected by some due to evidence that the orexigenic effects of these peptides may be incidental or trivial ( i.e. , hypocretin induced subjects eat more because they are awake more ) , though this issue is also unsettled , while other groups maintain that the name " hypocretin " is awkward , pointing out that many neuropeptides have names that are unrelated to their most important functions , and that waking is one of the important factors that supports feeding behavior .
the latitude of the area means that it is influenced by predominantly westerly winds with depressions and their associated fronts , bringing with them unsettled and windy weather , particularly in winter .
she really did help me and always made sure i was okay during my first couple of weeks when i was still unsettled .
burton , who had been recovering from illness at the time and resting further south on the shores of lake tanganyika , was outraged that speke claimed to have proved his discovery to have been the true source of the nile , which burton regarded as still unsettled .
dr k.v.ramesh has hypothesized that , compared to possibly contemporaneous sanksrit inscriptions , " halmidi inscription has letters which are unsettled and uncultivated , no doubt giving an impression , or rather an illusion , even to the trained eye , that it is , in date , later than the period to which it really belongs , namely the fifth century a.d. "
he at once revived his scheme for the seminary at downside , and , having failed to secure the consent of the monks , he put forward the contention that the monasteries at downside and ampleforth had never been canonically erected , for , owing to the unsettled condition of the english mission , the formality of obtaining the written consent of the ordinary had been overlooked .
vecsey noted that during the course of his professional dealings with richardson , he found the player to be " so unsettled , so unsophisticated and so pliable anybody could draw him into saying anything about anything at any time " .
in morgenthau ’s view , in any event , anti - semitic activities in poland were partly a result of the unsettled condition of the country .
though media attention has subsided , the lawsuits that began for ucc after 2003 continue today in the form of a still unsettled $ 19 million case against the school by douglas mackenzie .
the club had a long list of injured or unsettled players on its books and many old favourites from the first division years were sold .
at the conclusion of the seven years’ war , much of the land ceded to the british by france was actually in the hands of native tribes across the western frontier , although “ ownership ” of “ unsettled ” parts of north america was and would be contested .
under these unsettled circumstances , it was difficult for any authority to carry on a campaign of oppression against the sikhs .
as doge , peter demonstrated a good deal of talent in restoring order to unsettled venice and showed remarkable generosity in the treatment of his predecessor 's widow .
dan is unsettled by socrates ' knowledge ; by the fact that socrates had appeared in a nightmare as a faceless janitor , clad in mismatched shoes ( by which he is identified in waking life ) , who sweeps up the pieces of dan 's shattered leg ; and by the old man 's extraordinary speed , agility , and co - ordination .
he had been provided with food while being held and was able to leave 24 hours later , with " the new york times " describing his departure from the siege as " showing no sign that he had been unsettled by the experience " .
piquet later complained that he was blocked during his first - session run by vettel : " during my lap , vettel was in front of me , which unsettled me a little , although the fia felt that he did not impede me . "
maya 's unsettled life in " caged bird " suggests her sense of self " as perpetually in the process of becoming , of dying and being reborn , in all its ramifications " .
in the middle ages the ore mountains were virtually unsettled and covered by dense forests .
the southern tip of the island remained unsettled though for a long time , because not only storm surges but also shifting dunes , which would repeatedly bury houses , made a colonisation difficult .
this tactic is also used because players are typically nervous and unsettled at the start of the innings before settling into their rhythm and becoming " set " .
he conducted fieldwork in the rif area of morocco in 1925 , which was politically unsettled after a rebellion of the local populace against the spanish .
the dramatic build - up of an indefinite american / american - led military presence in afghanistan has unsettled some regional powers , including russia .
ray is successful in her operation , though remains unsettled by blue 's reappearance , which is marked with the h ring man 's people commenting that the h ring man is continually watching her .
the unsettled times preceding the dutch revolt compelled him to leave antwerp on 10 march 1567 ; but , though he spent the remainder of his life in london , he continued his business as merchant and financial agent of the government in much the same way as formerly .
from the lighthouse it is possible to watch the tidal race , as the two seas clash to create unsettled waters just off the coast .
the area south of the boyne river was original known as wild cattle and had been a popular fishing and picnic location for the people of boyne island , but remained unsettled due to its inaccessibility .
together , they must set aside differences , overcome clashing cultural prejudices and ethnocentric beliefs ; otherwise , unsettled issues may put a stopper to their blossoming romance before they get the chance to realize its full potential .
in the straight line , for example , if the first player goes in either center , threatening to put an unsettled three - space line in , putting one in the other center one will do the trick .
following this unsettled period , the islanders asked the venetian empire for protection ( 1278 ) .
in 1797 toussaint louverture led a successful revolt against the french and made haiti the first independent caribbean nation , although government was unsettled until 1915 , when the united states occupied the island .
on balance , it seems more likely that the junii were at first numbered amongst the patricians , and that they afterward passed over to the plebeians ; but this question may remain unsettled .
but , at the repeated requests of king henry and council , he gave up this project in order to act as governor in the unsettled and disaffected duchy of gascony .
westerly winds from the atlantic can make the area cool and unsettled .
spring time starts off windy and cool , sometimes unsettled with some rain and even light snow , though spring is usually the driest part of the year in albuquerque .
despite repeated attempts by aberdeen manager jimmy calderwood to get the player to sign a new deal , he indicated that he was unsettled at aberdeen and wanted to move on .
as of early 2010 , a class - action lawsuit filed in 1987 by about 7,500 audi audi 5000-model owners remains unsettled and is currently contested in county court in chicago after appeals at the illinois state and u.s. federal levels .
the mechanism of the phenomenon of sonoluminescence remains unsettled .
clients can still trade , but they lose the ability to make purchases with unsettled sale proceeds .
the structure of their zoospores and genetic studies show them to be a primitive group of heterokonts , but their classification and treatment remains somewhat unsettled .
in spite of that , one of the core issues remained unsettled ; the belarusian side was insisting on the coexistence
b71 had been unsettled pre - season , with the departure and absence of many key - players .
although cambodia had achieved independence by late 1953 , its military situation remained unsettled .
however , the mission was stopped by emperor uda in 894 ( " kanpyō 6 , 8th month " ) because of reports of unsettled conditions in china .
it served as a supreme court of sorts , and assumed the function of hearing cases left unsettled by the other courts .
dorothy wolfers nelkin ( – ) was an american sociologist of science most noted for her work researching and chronicling the unsettled relationship between science and society at large .
the nadir came in the first match at sophia gardens , when australia were unsettled by bangladesh - at the time ranked eleventh and last in icc 's odi championship table .
although there is popular reference to the american pioneers venturing into " unsettled " territory , the land they traversed and eventually settled was territory of indigenous peoples , thus the forays of the pioneers were " invasions " of inhabited territory .
moreover , some aşiret names refer to unsettled localities , such as sığıralcısı , bayındırlı , karatekeli , kuşdoğanlı , kacar , taras , karakeçili .
the rule on stalemate has not been preserved ; the subject was unsettled in germany well into the nineteenth century .
geography - note : mostly an unsettled wilderness
she is unsettled by ideas and people she encounters , both along the way and by her husband 's side .
king john was unsettled by the new power gained by llywelyn , and so he led a military campaign against him which led to llywelyn 's defeat in 1211 .
in the 1830 ’s kidd seemed to be perpetually moving and unsettled even though he was still quite prolific .
she leaves , obviously unsettled .
the competition starts badly for luzhin who is unsettled by the presence of his former friend and coach .
in addition , the leading goalscorer from the previous season , jermaine easter , became unsettled at the club , and was eventually sold to plymouth argyle for an initial fee of £ 210,000 .
with the exception of child pornography , the legal status of accessing internet pornography is still somewhat unsettled , though many individual states have indicated that the creation and distribution of adult films and photography are legally listed as prostitution within their states .
it is set in the pseudo - historical hyborian age and concerns conan fighting the savage hyborian picts in the unsettled lands beyond the infamous black river .
on an extremely dangerous unsettled planet , an illegal colonist with his team of trained bears make a dangerous trek to rescue the few survivors of an abortive colony .
by contrast they are greatly unsettled by the illithids due to their lack of information over that race 's creation .
because of unsettled conditions in china " parrott " , with other units , sailed to shanghai and put ashore a landing force . " parrott " remained in the area until 31 july , and returned 10 september to shanghai for duty with the yangtze river patrol until 16 october when she departed for the philippines .
the team are unsettled as it is supposed to have been destroyed , causing some tension between them and martinez .
however , in the increasingly unsettled climate , he can not be certain .
his opponents described him as an unsettled man with a tendency to polemise .
the lbk entered an unsettled “ dark age ” of disunity .
chinese had immigrated to the western united states as a result of unsettled conditions in china , the availability of jobs working on railroads , and the gold rush that was going on at that time in california .
although he was imprisoned at magdala by emperor tewodros ii , otherwise he suffered no serious losses during that unsettled time .
" dow jones corporate governance " is a newsletter from dow jones that covers corporate governance topics ranging from governance conflicts that are still unsettled in corporate law , to proxy contests to shareholder activism .
however , it is not clear whether this is a long- standing pattern or a response to the unsettled conditions during the second indochina war .
change was in the air though , for the world outside this small island was unsettled .
on december 2009 , the management decided to give the main role to bangs garcia , because of some unsettled issues with guinoo .
solemn candlelight to guide the unsettled away from your residence , else they settle in your dolls or other toys .
peter the great died in 1725 , leaving an unsettled succession and an exhausted realm .
an unsettled period followed .
what is most impressive in his plan is wide central area , which was kept unsettled according to his macro - scale urban prediction / estimation and in time evolved to the “ agora ” , the center of both the city and the society .
conditions in malaya at that time were extremely unsettled .
although october was very wet in south australia , western victoria , and southern queensland , drought - affected areas of new south wales did not get significant rain until december , when hot , humid and unsettled weather brought some relief from the driest february to november period over the southeast corner since 1915 .
these unsettled conditions had scarcely passed when , in 1845 , aleamotu'a died ,
louis was forced to return to germany , leaving the conflict with the papacy unsettled .
there is no archeological evidence about this residence so it remained unsettled whether it was situated on the southern tip of the hill or on the northern elevation near the kammerhof .
the published results in 1999 unsettled the coral biologist community , as the extent of impacts were not realized .
the latitude of the area means that it is influenced by predominantly westerly winds with depressions and their associated fronts , bringing with them unsettled and windy weather , particularly in winter .
this position did not keep his interest for very long , though : in 1770 he resigned from his post and began an unsettled and vagrant life that , with occasional breaks , would last for the next 25 years and would lead him all over europe .
the subject of the vase comes up again when briony visits cecilia and robbie and mentions that the vase has been broken ; cecilia is unsettled by the news .
lindwall 's bowling unsettled the west indian batsmen but their captain john goddard felt that the tactics were legitimate and that his batsmen should counter - attack .
appeals and counter - appeals were made , but the question was still unsettled when the jesuits were expelled from france in 1764 .
the taxonomic status of the blue jacaranda is unsettled .
although his reputation was unsettled during the following centuries and his descendants were not notable , he gained standing during the 19th and 20th centuries .
they were perceived to render the frontier ( " frontera " ) a lawless and unsettled region .
his unsettled status stems from an early encounter with midtjylland 's groundsman , who had been impatiently awaiting a delivery of compost , and on uzochukwu 's first day at training mistook him for the wayward manure delivery agent , permanently slurrying uzochukwu 's opinion of the club .
joseph mccaul had to make a trip to the local chinese for " a chicken curry for dickie rock " while his sister and don baker entertained the unsettled crowd .
the spanish arrived in the late 18th century , but left the region largely unsettled while they built the presidio and mission santa barbara farther west .
legend has it that master lao was saddened by society 's moral decay and , sensing that the end of the dynasty was near , he journeyed westward to the unsettled territories , never to be seen again .
in order to get over the major drawback in the existing scheme of organisation of lok adalats under chapter vi of the legal services authorities act , 1987 , in which if the parties do not arrive at any compromise or settlement , the unsettled case is either returned back to the court of law or the parties are advised to seek remedy in a court of law , which causes unnecessary delay in dispensation of justice , chapter vi a was introduced in the legal services authorities act , 1987 , by act no.37/2002 with effect from 11 - 06 - 2002 providing for a permanent lok adalat to deal with pre - litigation , conciliation and settlement of disputes relating to public utility services , as defined u / sec.22 a of the legal services authorities act , 1987 , at pre - litigation stage itself , which would result in reducing the work load of the regular courts to a great extent .
however , the science linking trees and climate change is largely unsettled , and trees remain a controversial source of offsets .
thus the inscriptions on the helmet may refer to the unsettled name by which albania was known at the time , as a means to identify skanderbeg 's leadership over all albanians across regional denominative identifications .
after a time serving in the army of simon bolivar he returned to caxatambo but due to the unsettled state of the country and presence of the spanish army he was forced to leave the area and abandon £ 5000 worth of ore ready to ship .
it was a team plagued by a lack of direction with unsettled personnel .
in an ironic twist , the virus is discovered to be the program originally installed in the element dolls six years ago , now reaching beyond the donpachi corps programming and seeking to annihilate the human race in retaliation for their " enslavement " ( after the war , they were sealed on the moon ) by waging war in the past rather than in the present : unsettled , the colonel authorizes the last transport ship to time jump in order to fight back the invasion before future changes .
he was only halfway through a two - year deal but has reportedly been unsettled at leicester because his french girlfriend is homesick .
global system in transition … unsettled , unbalanced and potentially dangerous for the u.s. and the global community , means we need to seek a balanced and stable world , one where we can be best postured and trained to promote stability .
ravivarman kulasekhara , utilising the unsettled nature of the country , quickly overran the southern tamil nadu and brought the entire region from kanyakumari to kanchipuram , under the chera kingdom .
when they crossed to the other side of the sambhar region , they faced their first confrontation in the form of an unsettled family feud over the land holding of boraj and jobner .
the islands remained unsettled by western europeans until they were annexed as part of the german protectorate of german new guinea in 1884 .
august had been elected king of poland in the previous year , but the unsettled condition of the country obliged maurice to spend the greater part of his youth outside its borders .
in 1886 vawter went to his farm on the almost completely unsettled southern shore of the lake to reside .
the " constitution " of the empire was still largely unsettled at the beginning of the 15th century .
this unsettled nicholson , who was soon sold to doncaster rovers for £ 5,000 .
a group is thick when it has developed beyond the level of stability in its local area without accruing significant weaknesses , and consequently projects power at a distance , especially over vacant or unsettled areas of the board .
besides these questions of general policy , the congress concerned itself with a number of subjects left unsettled in the hurried winding up of the congress of vienna , or which had arisen since .
building operations in connection with this scheme were commenced in 1947 , but owing to unsettled conditions , transport and other difficulties , these were not completed according to schedule , within the year .
he left many legacies to charitable institutions in his will ; but his joint claims with sir paul pindar on the crown , and his claims on his nephew and on lord carlisle , were unsettled at the time of his death .
shigidi ( orísà of òrún - apadi , the realm of the unsettled spirits and the ghosts of the dead that have left aye and are forsaken of òrún - rere .
papaya plantations , shrimp farms and rice crops were also affected by the unsettled weather .
today , komi is unsettled .
that same night , while the murder of a man ( who turns out to be freddy ) , manise is approached by jacquillat , he lets manise know that the murder can be pinned on le roux , they have an unsettled score consisting in a former association where the leaders of the people 's army ( including le roux ) were arrested 15 years ago , the leaders think that it was jacquillat who betrayed them but he denies it , it was someone else ; manise can not turn his back on that information because the case is still open , but the reason jacquillat tells him that is because he wants le roux killed during detention by the police , manise refuses , therefore jacquillat uses an ace in his sleeve : pascal shall not receive any morphine for his addicted wife until he kills his man .
up to the middle ages , the erzgebirge was virtually unsettled and covered with dense forests .
a water stop on the southern pacific railroad since 1876 , the site was largely unsettled until the early 20th century .
the first " 2nd regiment " of marines came into existence in 1901 when unsettled conditions in the far east required the presence of a marine expeditionary force to protect american lives and property .
water in the dam is often muddied with unsettled sediment long after the rains have washed it into the lake .
taking advantage of vast , unsettled lands , some of these pioneers amassed large numbers of cattle .
on 31 december 2008 it was announced that fraser lothian , ally mcculloch , garry fraser and stuart robertson would head up the new management team for the fairydean for the remainder of the campaign , however by the end of the 2008/09 season gala had sunk to a mid table finish at which point , with some players reported to be unsettled , two of them left for local rivals selkirk , who play in the east of scotland premier division .
burton , who had been recovering from illness at the time and resting further south on the shores of lake tanganyika , was outraged that speke claimed to have proved his discovery to have been the true source of the nile when burton regarded this as still unsettled .
this chase across europe so unsettled mr. mcmillan that he asked edna if she would not rather marry immediately in switzerland .
no successor was appointed in 821 , the condition of the country being too unsettled .
cædwalla had successfully conquered the kingdoms of sussex and kent , and his abdication may have contributed to the unsettled history of the southeast over the next few years .
black 's lyrics described an unsettled world where communication was difficult , and drew upon dark anthropological references , images from childhood , and intimate details of his relationships with friends and lovers .
after impressive showings at the 2001 fifa world youth championship , he was signed by sporting clube de portugal early in the year ( at the same time as compatriot rodrigo tello ) but , grossly unsettled , returned to colo - colo after just a few months .
the osce , the united states state department , and the united kingdom 's foreign office all questioned the wisdom of holding the referendum while the region was still unsettled .
currently , a ringroad around gelting , pliening and landsham is being planned , which has unsettled retailers in the community of pliening , as it is seen as potentially disruptive to their livelihoods .
largely unsettled until the late 1760s the european presence in the region was largely limited to seasonal fur trapping , but no significant trading settlements were established .
during the unsettled conditions in china during the 1920s and 1930s , the navy patrolled the yangtze to protect united states interests , lives , and property .
his letters describing the wonderful life he had found there unsettled the folk in st. ann 's .
the coming of the paper industry assured , however , that the maine woods would remain unsettled for another century .
sumihiro was an active ruler , interested in both " rangaku " and classical learning , and concerned with the direction the country was taking into the unsettled bakumatsu period .
the germanic peoples often had unsettled relationships with their neighbours and each other , leading to a period of over two millennia of military conflict over various territorial , religious , ideological and economic issues .
the steamer also patrolled in the gulf of mexico , with an eye on the unsettled conditions in mexico , where a guerilla war raged against the french occupation of the country . " de soto " remained in the region through the rest of the year before returning to hampton roads in the spring of 1867 .
such messianic dreams found a receptive soil in the unsettled religious conditions of the time .
the unsettled years during the american civil war were particularly difficult , as beaux 's absent father provided little emotional or financial support , and her leavitt grandparents had lost much of their wealth and prominence .
with the unsettled conditions of late antiquity , the inhabitants withdrew to the defensible hilltop site that controlled the valley that communicated between lake trasimeno and the upper tiber valley .
in may 1900 , amid the klondike gold rush , newspapers reported that ferbert had left ann arbor for seattle , where he planned to join " high " allen and " count " villa , described as " two other prominent michigan football men . " ferbert , allen and villa intended to " proceed to the alaska gold fields , " leaving unsettled the question of who would coach the michigan football team in 1900 .
the extent to which mild 3β-hsd cah can cause early appearance of pubic hair and other aspects of hyperandrogenism in later childhood or adolescence is unsettled .
its presence unsettled many garland residents , " wrote adam szubin in a law enforcement case study .
the story that interested gus and call , however , was his description of the unsettled land in montana , which he described as a " cattleman 's paradise . "
the feud between jerry lawler and bret hart remained unsettled and led to several storylines over the next two years .
national socialist propaganda contributed to the transfer of racial antisemitism to the arab world and is likely to have unsettled jewish communities .
paragraph ( b ) addresses the unsettled " possession " versus " use " issue , stating that a person violates rule 10b-5 simply by trading while in " possession " of inside information .
the political situation in korea became increasingly unsettled due to the international outrage over the assassination of korean empress myeongseong .
the need for exploration of unsettled areas of vancouver island had been the subject of comment in the colonial press in the early 1860s but it was not until the new governor , arthur edward kennedy , arrived in march of 1864 that the project had a sponsor .
the attack was linked with a rise in nationalist and extremist actions that seriously unsettled relations among latvians , jews and russians .
. unsettled as the vast majority of those , he returned to his country of adoption in january , as lowly desportivo das aves battled to avoid relegation from the top level , which eventually did not happen .
exactly which heptatonic scales ( and even which " modes " of those scales ) should count as diatonic is unsettled , as shown above .
similarly , in the " sagārava sutta " ( sn 46.55 ) , the buddha compares sensual desire with looking for a clear reflection in water mixed with lac , tumeric and dyes ; ill will with boiling water ; sloth - and - torpor with water covered with plants and algae ; restlessness - and - worry with wind - churned water ; and , doubt with water that is " turbid , unsettled , muddy , placed in the dark . "
shortly afterward , the conference invitations were withdrawn on the grounds that the unsettled situation at home and abroad would make such an event impossible .
the christian debate over justification is still unsettled .
in the early 3rd century , the situation along the limes became increasingly unsettled .
she sees he 's used a self - tanner ( " you look like an oompa loompa " ) to make people think he 's been to rio . daniel is unsettled to see posters of myw 's first issue , featuring sofia 's article " from fling to ring in 60 days ! " plastered on buses and walls , complete with the daniel - sofia cover shot .
the federal government , it seems , was making a final attempt to clear up all existing unsettled spanish land titles , and isaac miller took advantage of it to prove his brother ’s claim .
" wisden " noted that the west indian pace attack , considered the best pace attack in the world by bob wyatt , unsettled the english batsmen ; the bowlers were accused of intimidation by some of the england side .
the conversion of john henry newman in 1845 gradually unsettled his belief in the validity of the claims of anglicanism , and he joined the catholic church , 25 march , 1846 .
its location among the unsettled woodlands of the wabash river valley also made it a key center of trade for fur trappers .
he had been provided with food while being held and was able to leave 24 hours later , with " the new york times " describing his departure from the siege as " showing no sign that he had been unsettled by the experience "
the divisions of the county for a long time remained very unsettled , and the thirty - nine hundreds mentioned in the domesday survey and the thirty - one hundreds of the hundred rolls of 1274 differ very widely in name and extent both from each other and from the twenty - eight hundreds of the present day .
diane was unsettled when mark began spending time with his hiv+ ex - girlfriend gill , and when mark proposed to diane in june 1991 , she gently turned him down .
world war ii and the unsettled post - war period meant many upheavals in the lives of the citizens of gloggnitz .
however , the uk and italy still laid claim to the gold : the uk as partial payment towards the ( still unsettled ) compensation that albania was ordered to pay them against damage to uk navy vessels and loss of life during the corfu channel incident , caused by an undisclosed albanian mine - field in corfu ( see the corfu channel case ) , whilst italy claimed that most of the gold was originally italian , seized by the albanian government when it took control of the national bank of albania ( which italy had the majority of shares in ) , and additionally that the italian peace treaty specifically gave them claim to the gold .
in 1992 , he switched to fc spartak moscow but , unsettled , finished the season at neighbours fc dynamo , being eventually crowned the competition 's top scorer , at 16 goals .
" if the demand of struggle is making you unsettled , troubled , then be happy that you are taking part in the struggle .
a 2010 " businessweek " article — outlining possible parallels between audi 's experience and 2009–2010 toyota vehicle recalls — noted a class - action lawsuit filed in 1987 by about 7,500 audi audi 5000-model owners remains unsettled and is currently being contested in county court in chicago after appeals at the illinois state and u.s. federal levels .
at the request of her local clergyman , she attends services at a predominantly black parish in croydon , where she is unsettled by young pastor daniel , who regards her as an intruder .
at the time of the california gold rush , the west was unsettled territory not deemed safe for women .
this unsettled the midfielder , who by this time had already endured relegation to division one , in addition to difficulties in adjusting to life on teesside .
it seems , however , that he had already given evidence of a restless and unsettled disposition , which caused perdiccas to regard him with suspicion , and in 321 bc , when the latter set out for ptolemaic egypt , he placed neoptolemus under the command of eumenes , who was enjoined to exercise particular vigilance in regard to him .
afterwards , he traveled to illinois and , after realizing that the area was largely unsettled , he moved to st. louis , missouri in 1827 .
after an unsettled season at loftus road , he joined swindon town in june 2005 .
only the original holotype of " othnielia " and two partial skeletons were specifically dealt with in galton 's paper , leaving unsettled the assignment of several other specimens that have appeared in the literature .
