" der kammersänger " ( " the court - singer " , 1899 ) is a one - act character study of a famous opera singer who receives a series of unwelcome guests at his hotel suite .
they spare ravenpaw and barley , but tell them that they are now unwelcome .
since the 80s it has become more widespread , but is still often viewed as an exotic and unwelcome commercialised import , referred to as " the japanese knotweed of festivals " and " making demands with menaces " .
the band 's initial rise to fame was on the back of the unusual and catchy 1986 single " calling all the heroes " , which gained them a top 6 uk chart hit and an unwelcome reputation as a novelty act - something the band was to dispel via their instrumental virtuosity , their reputation as an excellent live act and a measure of sheer determination .
he has been treated as unwelcome guest and greeted with black flags by maoist cadres while visiting various regions of nepal .
a well - known person or celebrity may choose to go " incognito " in order to avoid unwelcome press attention .
their innate preferences for nest - building sites leads them to commonly build nests on human habitation , where they can be very unwelcome ; although generally non - aggressive , they can be provoked into defending their nests .
along the way , brigade comes to the rescue of a woman , carrie lane , whom he and a pair of unwelcome new partners , gunmen sam boone and his friend whit , take along toward safety .
fay , though , has always been unwelcome and takes off for a long weekend , leaving laurel in the big house full of memories .
melody is confused and overwhelmed with mixed feelings as she is made to feel unwelcome by her uncle jacob , her grandparents and her cousin cary and the constant pressure she feels from her aunt sara who expects melody to replace her dead daughter , cary 's twin laura in every possible way .
while augie is off at the racetrack , della gets an unwelcome visit from biglow brown .
in some cases , theatrical lighting designers and video directors may consider this an unwelcome effect as it can cause lens flare or ( arguably ) change the audience 's perception of a theatrical scene . "
the sidings are protected by an inner fence to create a secure compound to deter unwelcome visitors .
after a lot of unwelcome fuss by ribby and dr. maggoty , duchess takes her leave , only to find that the magpie and a couple of jackdaws have eaten her pie of veal and ham .
grayware encompasses spyware , adware , dialers , joke programs , remote access tools , and any other unwelcome files and programs apart from viruses that are designed to harm the performance of computers on your network .
concert pieces include " the unwelcome " and " rhythm of your pulse " , commissioned and performed by the women 's philharmonic .
worst of all , a gleam on the horizon soon heralds the unwelcome arrival of a soviet nuclear missile .
in addition , whole body melting of starting materials is required for alloying , thus imposing unwelcome chemical , thermal , and containment constraints on manufacturing .
the fit jews were usually welcomed by the partisans ( sometimes only if they brought their own weapons ) ; however women , children , and the elderly were mostly unwelcome .
since annius and servilia , unbeknownst to titus , are in love , this news is very unwelcome to both .
on entering his house he finds that his drunken wretch of a wife , who has been in exile from coketown , has made an unwelcome return to his house .
his term was marked by an exceptional lack of ethnic tension in croatia but as the cause was the political alliance of the leading croat politician stjepan radić and the leading croatian serb politician svetozar pribićević in a united opposition to the government , this was a very unwelcome development for the government .
rose tells harold that he is babying her and she is unwelcome in her house until she follows the rules , which forces amy to move in with her grandmother , edna .
opponents of the project argued that a new building would be a pastiche of former architectural styles , would be an unwelcome symbol of germany ’s imperial past , and would be unacceptably expensive for no definite economic benefit .
the role of the obscenity and pornography complaints ombudsman was to provide resources for residents attempting to curb the unwelcome presence of pornography in their neighbourhoods and on the internet .
the stranger , salvador ( carlos de la torre ) , is unwelcome because he has arrived at the beginning of the " holy time , " a syncretic religious festival spanning good friday and easter sunday .
the previous year , the queen had become the unwelcome subject of international curiosity when an article published in the syndicalist newspaper arbetaren in 2002 reported that german state archives record that the queen 's father , walther sommerlath , joined the nazi party 's foreign wing , the ao , in 1934 , when he was living in brazil and working for a german steel company .
when gravity is taken away or reduced during space exploration , the blood tends to collect in the upper body instead , resulting in facial edema and other unwelcome side effects .
kosher consumers are careful to eliminate any of these unwelcome elements .
players caught counting cards or hole - carding ultimately may find themselves listed in the griffin book and become unwelcome in most casinos .
these will stop surface boats from dropping divers in unwelcome areas .
this unwelcome phenomenon is commonly called the combinatorial explosion .
its rules specifically warn members that journalists are unwelcome , although a selected and sympathetic few have been admitted .
all the while , he has to avoid the attentions of a host of unwelcome characters —
bandwagon posts are generally unwelcome , unless they are particularly clever or inventive .
the largest unwelcome side effect from this is people 100 or more years old being mistaken for young children or in some cases , young children being mistaken for adults .
trench foot made an unwelcome reappearance in the british army during the falklands war , in 1982 .
shona falls in love with the " expendable " ( read - to be killed off " accidentally " ) pilgrim geoffrey ; blade has to cope with the unwelcome attentions of geoffrey 's sister sukey ; the pilgrim reville seems to be more at home in blade 's world than the others ; and the mysterious professor ledbury refuses to relinquish his longjohns , which generally are not allowed on tours .
declaring the hungarian head of state an unwelcome person ( essentially a " persona non grata " , although this exact term was not used ) created additional diplomatic conflicts in the already tense hungary – slovakia relations .
when she returns , exhausted , she is greeted by the people of tórshavn in a mock repetition of the first scene in the book , to the words of her jealous cousin , gabriel , who has meanwhile been forced into an unwelcome but advantageous marriage : " hi , hi , nu tror jeg faneme ... at glansen endelig en gang er gaaet af sankte gertrud .
harold offers to take care of them both , but on returning home albert makes sure that zita feels unwelcome and she flees .
clarence 's father , clifford worley ( dennis hopper ) , is paid an unwelcome visit by vincent coccotti ( christopher walken ) , consigliere to a mafia boss named " blue " lou boyle .
he is , however , getting along with his sister , lindsay , which is unwelcome news to their mother lucille .
this was smudge , the people 's palace cat , who ensured the building did not become home to small , unwelcome visitors .
within a terran year , the ranch is operational and all is going well for koshay , aside from some unwelcome attention from afasiè , a female osirian besotted with both the ranch and its operator .
the 1911 " encyclopedia britannica " writes that the only actual danger posed by the " émigrés " was symbolic : that they were only a few thousand strong ; that they had no competent leader and no money ; and that although they had earlier been of some diplomatic significance , they were increasingly unwelcome to the rulers whose hospitality they abused .
primarily , these critics worry that extending trespass to chattels in this fashion would stifle free speech on the internet because any unwelcome email might constitute a trespass and may subject the sender not only to civil liability under the trespass theory but to criminal liability as well .
many protestants left the country in the early 1920s , either because they felt unwelcome in a predominantly catholic and nationalist state , because they were afraid due to the burning of protestant homes ( particularly of the old landed class ) by republicans during the civil war , because they regarded themselves as british and did not wish to live in an independent irish state , or because of the economic disruption caused by the recent violence .
undead and unwelcome .
intrusive thoughts are unwelcome involuntary thoughts , images , or unpleasant ideas that may become obsessions , are upsetting or distressing , and can be difficult to manage or eliminate .
" the unwelcome guest " is a 1913 drama film directed by d. w. griffith .
though he agreed with the majority ’s determination that a supervisor may take corrective action against " inflammatory or misguided " speech , he questioned whether the same logic applies against " unwelcome speech " that " reveals facts that the supervisor would rather not have anyone else discover . "
a seneca village was located there , but they discouraged him from continuing his expedition westward and told him his presence in the ohio country would be unwelcome .
this seems to have been an unwelcome decision for the lords of aldingham , as the abbot began claiming rights to lands within the bounds of muchland .
the similar names for the two schools and the foundation have occasionally led to confusion , but the proposal to rename the girls school as simply ' st saviour 's ' has been unwelcome .
as a result , he drew the unwelcome attention of stalin .
" planet earth diaries " tells of the battle with the elements to obtain the penguin footage and of unwelcome visits from polar bears .
while performing , marietta becomes aware that captain warrington is in the audience and , when he visits her dressing room , following the performance , marietta tells him that his presence there is ' most unwelcome ' — when the captain asks her if he would be welcome ' somewhere else ' , marietta says " yes " .
he went back home , but was unwelcome in the villages , so he started living in the woods .
they also contended that the ssafa charity is actually a business , thereby setting an unwelcome precedent .
in addition , the ' hero adulation ' and protectiveness elements of the attraction are ideologically most unwelcome to the movement .
additionally , in response to the threat of unwelcome lbos , certain companies adopted a number of techniques , such as the poison pill , to protect them against hostile takeovers by effectively self - destructing the company if it were to be taken over ( these practices are increasingly discredited ) .
additionally , in response to the threat of unwelcome lbos , certain companies adopted a number of techniques , such as the poison pill , to protect them against hostile takeovers by effectively self - destructing the company if it were to be taken over ( these practices are increasingly discredited ) .
many of the people who had long dominated the city came to feel unwelcome in boston .
donne 's father was a respected catholic who avoided unwelcome government attention out of fear of being persecuted for his religious faith .
untener frequently observed that jesus kept quite diverse company in his lifetime , including many people who were unwelcome in the synagogues of the time .
unfortunately is should be noted that certain chapters are considered extremely cliquey and often unwelcome to outsiders .
bindel 's writing on cyberstalking , where a victim is humiliated or threatened with unwelcome email messages at work or to professional associates , has been cited by academics .
however , after the conclusion of the shadow war , she found herself unwelcome and had difficulty finding employment .
nyssa too has a particular empathy with this energy and starts getting visions and voices in her head that are so unwelcome to kalid that he tries to cut her off from the others with a protoplasmic shield .
also , guns make another unwelcome appearance on the show .
a prayer is said to elegua to protect the entranceways from any unwelcome or evil spirits .
this occurs when an employee is subjected to comments of a sexual nature , unwelcome physical contact , or offensive sexual materials as a regular part of the work environment .
though mcnamara of the " los angeles times " found detective lucas douglas a " delightful addition " to the season 's early episodes , ryan saw him as an " unwelcome distraction … an irritating pipsqueak " .
much advanced strategy revolves around making bingos : blank tiles are hoarded , unwelcome letters are played even for low points , and flexible letter groups like santer are built up until an easy bingo is formed .
in the 1950s , many architects used the older red brick for apartment buildings — although its use in public housing projects gave it an unwelcome tinge for the luxury market .
marziale would no doubt have been unwelcome after this , if he was in the city .
conversely , at particular destinations or in cultures where cycling is seen as an unwelcome or inappropriate activity , bicycle parking may simply not be provided or else deliberately placed at awkward , out - of - sight locations away from public view .
she successfully fought against it in court because of her fear of unwelcome attention or attacks from anti- or neonazis .
prime minister harold wilson recast the alliance as a ' close relationship ' , but neither he nor president lyndon b. johnson had any experience of foreign policy , and wilson 's attempt to mediate in vietnam , where the united kingdom was co - chairman with the soviet union of the geneva conference , was unwelcome to the president , who was rumoured to have called the prime minister a ' creep ' . '
although in the 1980s , many of the acquisitions made were unsolicited and unwelcome , private equity firms in the 1990s focused on making buyouts attractive propositions for management and shareholders .
the unwelcome discovery of a strong enemy force on its northern flank prompted the pavn forces to attempt a hasty withdrawal during the night , exposing themselves to marine supporting arms fire .
his political activism attracted unwelcome attention from the occupying army .
usually this failure is assisted by the mayor , who often adds unwelcome dimensions to tom 's ideas or hijacks them completely .
melody is confused and overwhelmed with mixed feelings as she is made to feel unwelcome by her uncle jacob , her grandparents and her cousin cary and the constant pressure she feels from her aunt sara who expects melody to replace her dead daughter , cary 's twin laura in every possible way .
eiríksson as an unwelcome ally of kierkegaard .
therefore , other languages that are likely to cause disadvantage to tamil is unwelcome " .
although unwelcome in the theosophical society , he nevertheless entered .
in the series ' first episode , addison is made to feel unwelcome by the other doctors .
she would often bore the meldrews by showing them her complete collection of holiday pictures at the most unwelcome times .
more threatening was the actual french army , but by 1694 they were seen as unwelcome invaders by a substantial proportion of the populace .
the locomotives were nicknamed " roger " and " claus " , the latter allegedly because of its habit of bringing unwelcome " presents " and surprises through reliability problems .
this was an unwelcome challenge to the san diego yacht club who wanted to continue to run cup regattas using 12-meter yachts .
many protestants left the country in the early 1920s , either because they felt unwelcome in a predominantly catholic and nationalist state , because they were afraid due to the burning of protestant homes ( particularly of the old landed class ) by republicans during the civil war , because they regarded themselves as british and did not wish to live in an independent irish state , or because of the economic disruption caused by the recent violence .
maturin receives two pieces of unwelcome news on his return .
" persona non grata " ( latin , plural : " personae non gratae " ) , literally meaning " an unwelcome person " , is a term used in diplomacy with a specialized and legally defined meaning .
unwelcome .
the bill incorporated a number of provisions , such as limitations on charities being involved in political campaigning , which many charities saw as an unwelcome departure from the case law .
film critic roger ebert gave the film two stars , stating " the punisher " is so grim and cheerless , you wonder if even its hero gets any satisfaction from his accomplishments . " and michael rechtshaffen of " the hollywood reporter " said " by the end , the punisher 's greatest adversaries emerge as an unwelcome trio known as jokey , hokey and hammy . "
she was unwelcome to attend his funeral sixteen years after the publication of the accusations .
such requests , or other unwelcome advances , are usually met by a demonstration of these facts . )
the book 's publication attracted a fair deal of unwelcome media attention and continued to be held by many members , in spite of the church 's defense , to violate eddy 's basic teachings and the manual of the mother church , the church 's equivalent of constitutional law .
after a few years , he declared avalon a failure and traveled to the colony of virginia , where he found the climate much more suitable , but met with an unwelcome reception from the virginians .
since she often finds herself in areas where witches are unwelcome , she has a spring - operated hat that only grows a point when she wants it to .
similar to lach , the new york based musician / promoter who first started booking ' antifolk ' shows at various venues in new york city after finding himself unwelcome at more traditional venues , parry founded a similar movement in london in 2002 , taking the stagename filthy pedro .
in order to get rid of this unwelcome critic , ziyadat appointed asad the leader of an expedition to byzantine sicily .
in an unwelcome turn of events for the luftwaffe the soviets started to operate large numbers of british lend - lease aircraft like the hawker hurricane .
according to emlen and wrege ( 1986 ) forced copulations occur in this socially nesting species , and females must avoid the unwelcome attention of males as they emerge from their nest burrows or they are forced to the ground and mated with .
she awakens after sleeping for a century ; her magical musical snuffbox informs her of all the events she has missed in the last hundred years . armed with this knowledge , singra sets out to brew a spell of revenge against dorothy gale , the main agent of unwelcome change .
the establishment of an orderly administration , one outcome of which was a general fall of prices that made the unwonted regularity of the collection of taxes doubly unwelcome , naturally excited a certain amount of misgiving and resentment ; but on the whole the population was prosperous and contented , and under lord elphinstone ( 1853 - 1860 ) the presidency passed through the crisis of the revolt of 1857 without any general rising .
some critics decided that the style and topic of the movie appeared dated and out of touch , the burden of her name made it unwelcome .
if the osphradia detect noxious chemicals or possibly sediment entering the mantle cavity , the gills ' cilia may stop beating until the unwelcome intrusions have ceased .
he shows that , in the discussion of possible futures , both average and total utilitarian standards lead to unwelcome conclusions .
taking interrupts may be unwelcome .
suddenly the march family secrets are unleashed , and jordan is ashamed and afraid that her soft curves are unwelcome indeed .
however , left little alternative by his financial situation , grainger takes the job , and carries out a variety of assignments for his new masters , accompanied by the unwelcome alien symbiote sharing his brain .
gloria sharplin , a spokesperson for a protest the occurred at the mall on august 7 , told " the press " " young people are being made to feel unwelcome .
their appearance startled the townspeople , and the situation quickly became dangerous when harrison rejected tecumseh 's demand and argued that individual tribes could have relations with the united states , and that tecumseh 's interference was unwelcome by the tribes of the area .
when the media hold him to his word , he is forced to turn five ordinary boys into overnight superstars , with a little help from the most unlikely , and unwelcome sources !
a friendly deity warned yushkep kamui of her unwelcome suitor , and she prepared a trap for him , setting her servants to ambush him .
carlos 's first public appearance after her gender transition was in an interview in the may 1979 issue of " playboy " magazine , a decision she regrets because of the unwelcome publicity it brought to her personal life , notably in " baker 's biographical dictionary of musicians " , where her surgery was described in anatomical detail .
gunner 's mate ed marsh reported that a one - gallon jar of vaseline from the lst 's cargo splattered on one barrel of his twin 40 mm bofors aa gun , providing unwelcome lubrication . "
normie has also had to endure other public hardships , including family problems involving his teenage daughter , which resulted in a great deal of intrusive and unwelcome publicity , and the end of his marriage to his first wife , sue .
the hand drawn animation is nicely done and the cgi is good too " . " hyper " criticises the cgi graphics showing " the strings " in many sequences that use cgi , " which can be an unwelcome distraction " .
little turtle told the shawnee that they were unwelcome there , but the warnings were ignored .
from 1941 until 1943 the aircraft would become a frequent unwelcome sight over german airfields , marshalling yards , and locomotives .
his presence being unwelcome at court , he lived from that time in retirement , leaving laud and his party in undisputed ascendancy .
a ghillie may also serve as a gamekeeper employed by a landowner to prevent poaching on his lands , control unwelcome natural predators such as fox or otter and monitor the health of the wildlife .
this label is given in contrast to other racial stereotypes which routinely accuse minorities of socially unwelcome traits : such as laziness or criminal tendencies .
the balfours escaped unwelcome visitors through this passageway , which leads to the conservatory door , enabling the butler to truthfully tell visitors that the balfours were not in the house .
freestyle was last seen having an unwelcome reunion with her old dv8 field leader threshold .
during clinic duty , house confounds patients with unwelcome observations into their personal lives , eccentric prescriptions , and unorthodox treatments .
on the most offensive and outlandish end of this treatment , a shocking number of women reported unwelcome and inappropriate sexual advances and sexually derogatory statements .
among his numerous works mention may also be made of " the feast at the chateau " ( 1851 ) , " the unwelcome guests " ( 1852 , brussels gallery ) , generally regarded as his masterpiece , " the rat hunt " ( acquired by leopold ii , king of the belgians ) , " the arquebusier " ( 1860 ) , and " the stirrup cup " .
bentley arrived , obnoxious as johnian intruder , unwelcome as a man of learning whose interests lay outside the walls of the college .
the situation was further complicated by parlophone 's unwelcome release of the psychedelic 1967 song " peculiar hole in the sky " as a single , presumably to cash in on the tour .
journal gets caught up in the war between the pentagon and the press , and heads off into the desert on his own , getting an unwelcome first - hand taste of the fury of american firepower .
the town was incorporated in 1887 under the leadership of prohibitionists who wished to control the arrival of an unwelcome saloon .
so there could have emerged strained relations to aëtius , but theodoric soon sent his unwelcome guest away who captured barcelona and was later ( in 450 ) executed at the orders of geiseric .
the establishment of the sspx was unwelcome to a number of churchmen , most notably to the french bishops , whose theological outlook was quite different from that of lefebvre and who had important connections with the vatican cardinal secretary of state , jean - marie villot .
intrusive thoughts are defined as unwelcome , involuntary thoughts , images or unpleasant ideas that may become obsessions , are upsetting or distressing , and can be difficult to be free of and manage .
elsa spent most of her marriage with albert acting as gatekeeper , protecting him from unwelcome visitors and charlatans .
however , a nativist backlash resulted in the refugees feeling increasingly unwelcome .
eddie does n't get the homecoming he expects after a stretch in jail , while his downstairs neighbour , jimmy , finds himself with an unwelcome lodger .
temporal means " related to the measurement or passing of time " and encroachment is " an intrusion , usually unwelcome , into the space of another " .
similarly , it is claimed that new labour spin doctor alastair campbell " routinely dismissed unwelcome news stories as " bollocks " , " complete bollocks " and " bollocks on stilts " .
however , in the event that one finds its way in , unwelcome as it may be , does the simple fact that the woman knowingly risked such an occurrence when opening her window deny her the ability to rid her house of the intruder ?
at the time of the yangzhou riot that brought unwelcome notoriety to the mission activity in china , berger had to defend taylor and his group from the attacks of the british press .
an unwelcome side - effect of the modern , lightweight materials , used on these and all later models , was that the handsets were too light .
soon , michael , an old flame of maddie ’s turns up and gets an unwelcome reception .
torreano 's criticism was reserved for two songs on the album ; he described the apparent goo - goo dolls influences on " without you " as " an unwelcome twist " , and felt that on " one way mule " , the band reverted " back to their grunge sound " .
but river , feeling unwelcome on the ship , takes a novel approach to escaping from the long arm of the alliance .
while the autobots have usually found themselves outnumbered by the decepticons ( early in generation 1 they outnumbered the decepticons 2 to 1 ) , the autobots have always had home - field advantage , having not only the human 's military support , but also having more places on earth to fall back on , while the decepticons are entirely unwelcome on flagnoff
as time passed , this situation became increasingly unwelcome to the majority ethnic groups within zimbabwe and also to wide sections of international opinion .
whatever political repercussions of their settlement may be , their advent is regarded as a menace to the semitic culture of arabia ... the european jew of today , with his secular outlook ... is regarded as an unwelcome intruder within the gates of arabia " .
regardless , gilchrist left maryland with one year of eligibility remaining and signed agent joel bell ; his departure was seen by coach williams as not entirely unwelcome .
unfortunately , the ship 's drives did n't work terribly well , and , even if they did , their fuel source rendered them incredibly unwelcome , thus defeating the whole point .
initially guided by an american diplomat ( wendy crewson ) and a kmt official ( tzi ma ) , he soon realizes that not only is he an unwelcome guest in a foreign land , but that something more treacherous is happening beneath the surface .
national media attention was attracted when it turned out that jordan edmund , one of the campaign 's workers from california , had been one of the congressional pages who received unwelcome attention in the mark foley scandal .
his efforts to raise funds for the dsru were unwelcome to some in the pharmaceutical industry , and a few attempted to undermine his fund - raising trip to the usa .
larry 's cousin apparently has a bad habit of bringing unwelcome guests , who mock the magruders , with her for christmas dinner .
despite these unwelcome characteristics , this compound is a useful reagent for the preparation of organofluorine compounds , some of which are important in the pharmaceutical and specialty chemical industries .
because we can not explore hormonal influences on human behavior experimentally , and because potential political implications are so unwelcome to many factions of society , the relative contributions of biological factors and learning to human psychological and behavioral sex differences ( especially gender identity , role , and orientation ) remain unsettled and controversial .
but it was leavitt 's ownership of grape island that brought him unwelcome prominence .
the review concludes that the book " demonstrates how a coherent mix of engagement with china coupled with constraint on its unwelcome actions adds up to a practical china policy " .
still , some users and privacy activists like aclu believe that internet users deserve stronger pseudonymity so that they can protect themselves against identity theft , illegal government surveillance , stalking , and other unwelcome consequences of internet use ( including unintentional disclosures of their personal information , as discussed in the next section ) .
price opposed several social outreach programs in north - end winnipeg , claiming that they brought unwelcome persons into the region .
later in the century however the abbey acquired unwelcome notoriety because of the abbot arnfast , who was accused of murdering king christopher i of denmark by giving him poisoned communion wine on 29 may 1259 in ribe cathedral , in retaliation for the king 's imprisonment and mistreatment of the archbishop of lund , jacob erlandsen .
though she initially thinks that buffy is a useful ally , maggie soon takes a dislike to her unpredictability and unwelcome curiosity , especially with regards to project 314 .
because foreigners represented competition for employment , they were especially unwelcome .
the " homecomers " from a long compulsory detention in the soviet union - with their special experiences there - were highly unwelcome in east berlin .
they ruled the countryside from pontecorvo and took little interest in the affairs of the hellenic and urban gaeta , where they were largely unwelcome .
unlike the common aesthetic depilation of body hair , alopecia tends to be involuntary and unwelcome , e.g. , androgenic alopecia .
margaret was an unwelcome addition to the family , as jane and elizabeth ’s searing satire of her in their manuscript play the concealed fansyes suggests , and jane wrote several letters discussing the control margaret was exercising over william ’s property and income with other members of the family .
however , people were allow to defend their towers , and so everyone was provided with a " tooting - horn " to alert nearby country folk of the impending arrival of unwelcome guests .
the reluctant and stingy boyar decides to trick the unwelcome guest by making him sleep inside the only one of his houses where devils are supposed to be roaming .
for example , in the central desert region , they are said to be seven sisters fleeing from the unwelcome attentions of a man represented by some of the stars in orion .
in the late 1990s , the school received unwelcome publicity from a scandal when a teacher , a.j. dykes , was accused and sentenced for six counts of indecent assault and one count of possession of an indecent photograph of a child .
bank robbers flee to san franallison , where cigarman is unwelcome .
the protagonist , elliot , hides his real self , which he believes will attract unwelcome attention , behind a veneer of ' cool ' .
lord denning delivered the most regrettable judgement of his career , sacrificing legality , fairness and equality in favour of blind obedience to government claims of ' national security ' ( ' the rules of natural justice have to be modified in regard to foreigners who prove themselves unwelcome and ought to be deported'- " ex parte hosenball " all 2 er 452 ) ...
wealthy jewish families of german origin , who were unwelcome at saratoga due to the prevailing social bias of the time , filled the void and " made sharon springs a refuge of their own . "
in the 1920s and 1930s , the term was occasionally being used in psychological circles to refer to a mental strain or unwelcome happening , and by advocates of holistic medicine to refer to a harmful environmental agent that could cause illness .
it has been hypothesised that the return to the islands by cook 's expedition was not just unexpected by the hawaiians , but also unwelcome because the season of lono had recently ended ( presuming that they associated cook with lono and makahiki ) .
as perkins ' group enters the city , they attract unwelcome attention and seek refuge in the house of lot , where they find drapondor - infected with leprosy , which is also the cause of his detachment from the expedition force .
the compton 's at 101 taylor street ( at turk ) in the tenderloin -- which was open from 1954 to 1972 -- was one of the few places where transgender people could congregate publicly in the city , because they were unwelcome in gay bars at that time .
many hedonists , in accordance with epicurus , emphasize avoiding suffering over pursuing pleasure , because they find that the greatest happiness lies in a tranquil state ( ataraxia ) free from pain and from the worrisome pursuit or unwelcome consequences of pleasure .
the road it appears facilitated the o'tooles and the o'byrne 's to pay their unwelcome visits to the neighbourhood of dublin .
stravinsky ’s untraditional use of dissonance and instruments was unwelcome in later performances of the piece as well .
the show is a great success , but two hours later the president is dead and carter finds himself the centre of some very unwelcome attention indeed .
the film was a movie version of " the unwelcome mrs. hatch " , which as a play had been a winning success for mrs fiske in 1901 on broadway . "
the institute on religion and democracy has been consistently critical of the ucc , complaining that the denomination " is stuck in the liberal theology and politics of the 1960s " and makes conservatives feel unwelcome .
an altogether unwelcome surprise , however , greeted capts .
subsequently , it was dzerzhinsky 's creative organizational ability and willingness to take on unwelcome and difficult tasks that earned him a place among the bolshevik leadership .
angle parking , known as echelon parking in britain , is considered dangerous by cycling organisations , especially in the " head - in " configuration , but unwelcome in either form .
within this new framework , as non - arabs , the kurds would experience unwelcome changes in status .
in 1933 , the rise of the nazis made antheil 's avant - garde music unwelcome in germany , and at the height of the depression , he returned to the us and settled in new york .
although not exactly derogatory ( many nations are jocularly identified in italy with their ancestors ) , it conveys some unwelcome associations because as an adjective , " teutonico " defines rigid , pernickety , inflexible attitudes .
" exe " was stored locally in a stable , where she received the unwelcome attention of thieves who made away with brass fittings and fixtures .
conversely , where cycling is seen as an unwelcome or inappropriate activity , bicycle parking may simply not be provided or else placed at awkward , out - of - sight , locations away from public view .
at the same time , guerrillas under colonel valdecanos made an unwelcome appearance on dufour 's flank , scattering his outposts and menacing the road to the " puerta del rey . "
demetrius , according to plutarch , arrived after pyrrhus had retired , and when matters had been settled between alexander and antipater , demetrius was now an unwelcome visitor , and alexander , while he received him with all outward civility , is said by plutarch to have laid a plan for murdering him at a banquet , a plan which was stymied by the precautions of demetrius .
brundage saw this as an unwelcome development .
the early 1890s brought unwelcome advances from mr. john a. mustard and will pritchard .
in berkeley , california , demonstrators gathered for a rally then marched on a military recruiting office which has been part of an ongoing military recruiting controversy and declared that the iraq war is " unjust " , and that marine recruiters were " unwelcome intruders " in the city .
no sooner had they started to date , however , than her family forced her to terminate this unwelcome relationship .
earl spencer however demurred , arguing that as nelson had only been detached in command of a squadron , rather than being the commander in chief of the fleet , such an award would create an unwelcome precedent .
no alien , not even a hungarian , could reside in a city where he was unwelcome ; and the man who disliked hungarian dominion could emigrate with all his household and property .
back in power , sergius iii now annulled all the ordinations of formosus and demanded all bishops ordained by formosus be reordained , an unwelcome decision reversed again after his death .
after ashley kept assisting juniper with her work , desipte being unwelcome , juniper made her the te xuan ze for a short time .
the song was not included on the album , and eerie von later explained it as little more than a " goof song " : it had been written and rehearsed -- but never formally recorded -- solely to scare off unwelcome executives from american recordings who might happen upon the band 's recording sessions .
many european states were founded on ideas of linguistic unity , and because of the sometimes unwelcome dominance of the english language in modern pop music , the language of a country 's eurovision entry can be a contentious issue .
dan anthony and tom knight , better known as clyde and luke from " the sarah jane adventures " , join ross in the basement as he is invaded by an unwelcome alien .
at the 1950 general election , linstead 's constituency had unwelcome boundary changes from his point of view , bringing into the constituency 12,000 voters from a labour - held ward formerly in wandsworth central .
despite zorin 's longtime kgb affiliation , his outside activities draw attention that the kgb sees as unwelcome , and at a meeting between zorin and kgb head general gogol , gogol rebukes him .
two people called o and e , both of which are unwelcome to the meeting , as voiced by many volunteers , enter the building where the meeting is taking place and force the v.f.d. members to agree to their demands .
in ordinary usage , to deserve is to earn or merit a reward ; in philosophy , the distinction is drawn in the term desert to include the case that that which one receives as one 's just deserts may well be unwelcome , or a reward .
he regards carter as something of a blowhard , claiming impossible prowess in battle , and ulysses paxton , the other earthman resident on barsoom , as a rabble - rouser , advocating terran ideas of equality and freedom unwelcome to the heirarchical , slave - owning martians .
jordan was visibly shaken when he realized that their unwelcome guest was tomar tu who he had ‘
although it produces attractive flowers , it is often unwelcome in gardens as a nuisance weed due to its rapid growth and choking of cultivated plants .
but some of the other workers resent his presence ( perhaps surmising that they 'll have to share the spoils of the work with this new - comer ) , and make it known that he is unwelcome .
the english edition was published in 2002 under the title " the unwelcome one : returning home from auschwitz " .
petre held clandestine mass celebrations , with music provided by his servants , which were subject to the unwelcome attention of spies and paid informers working for the crown .
the book 's publication attracted a fair deal of unwelcome media attention and continued to be held by some members , in spite of the church 's defense , to violate the church 's basic teachings and its equivalent of constitutional law .
the readers ' letters in its " post box " section often reminisce about bygone days and are critical of various changes in england in the past fifty years , which they consider to be unwelcome , while the " do n't let europe rule britannia " section is devoted to its campaign against the eu .
groven resigned his post in nrk during the war , after a brief and unwelcome encounter with joseph goebbels , in his own studio .
episode 29 : unwelcome guest .
however , their powers can be negated through the use of cold iron , and the metal is unwelcome in the faerie realm .
throughout the first novel , " the king 's coat " , lewrie tries to adapt to his unwelcome new life as a midshipman in the royal navy , and eventually finds that he does have some talent for it .
on their wedding day , her alcoholic father , geoff ( maurice roëves ) , makes an unwelcome presence and refuses to hide his hatred for phil , although they make up for kate 's sake .
unwelcome tribute .
they were built from untreated lumber and were specifically sized to provide a safe haven for some of richmond 's local songbirds , including wrens , blue birds , and finches , from the unwelcome non - native species such as the starling and the european barn swallow .
born with the name eusebia to wealthy parents in rome , she is said to have left rome at the age of 17 to escape an unwelcome arranged marriage .
a theory can thus be deduced ; that cathwulf , unwelcome in the lands of his brothers or in the land closely controlled by the king cynegils , was forced to move to the very edges of the kingdom .
his speciality was a new system ( the " ta " system ) by which complex manoeuvres could be handled by only a few simple signals , but which required his ships ' captains to use their initiative ; a quality which had become blunted by decades of naval peace since trafalgar , and which was unwelcome in a hierarchical navy which deified admiral horatio nelson while misunderstanding what he had stood for .
even more unwelcome to the party was the persistence among writers of what was deplored as " petty bourgeois idealism , " " humanitarianism , " and an insistence on freedom to choose subject matter .
this can act as an incentive for the student to perform well during the placement as helps with two otherwise unwelcome stresses : the lack of money in the final year , and finding a job for when the university course completes and when he have a free time .
in oregon , kelley and his party found themselves unwelcome by john mcloughlin , district chief of the hudson 's bay company at fort vancouver .
his support had barely begun to lift her horizons when he was forced to leave france in august 1914 ; the war between france and germany had made him an unwelcome outsider in senlis , much as séraphine was , given her eccentric persona .
a hero as flawed as marmion was also unwelcome at this time and the story was criticised for its obscurity .
national security agency director lincoln d. faurer commented : " ... as a result of the korean air lines affair , you have already heard more about my business in the past two weeks than i would desire ... for the most part this has not been a matter of unwelcome leaks .
many protestants left the country in the early 1920s , either because they felt unwelcome in a predominantly catholic and nationalist state , because they were afraid due to the burning of protestant homes ( particularly of the old landed class ) by republicans during the civil war , because they regarded themselves as british and did not wish to live in an independent irish state , or because of the economic disruption caused by the recent violence .
many critics have seen in this development pattern ( that was circularly distributed in every direction ) also a quick solution to a problem of public order ( keeping the unwelcome poorest classes together with the criminals , in this way better controlled , comfortably remote from the elegant " official " town ) .
but the success of a black man was still unwelcome , and klansmen in the local government turned to violence after he displayed a sign on alton bridge : " this way to the goatman 's "
despite being heralded as a pioneer of a diverse genre known as ' emo ' ( a term rejected by kinsella ) , joan of arc 's next album was a reaction to this unwelcome classification .
the regime even removed some of the signs saying " jews unwelcome " from public places .
in the same hotel as the people in ' drinking companions ' two couples at adjoining restaurant tables realise an unwelcome common bond , assisted by an interactive waiter .
medoro now enters with the unwelcome news that orlando and his squire pasquale have been sighted nearby but is unsure whether to stay or escape .
he was reluctant , however , labeling it an " unwelcome responsibility " .
beginning on the 12th , formosa received three days of unwelcome attention from tf 38 planes .
this takes an unwelcome turn when the cheerleaders who have become very discontented with their head , elect jen as head cheerleader instead .
seventeen mystic men also tried a new weapon to them , the torpedo , to try and get rid of the unwelcome guards .
he paid unwelcome addresses to a widow which resulted in an enforced stay in matthew wright 's private madhouse in bethnal green , london .
the scottish barons knew him as a friend of queen mary and as a supporter of her claim to be a successor to elizabeth , so he was an unwelcome guest .
no police or politicians were invited ; bosses of the big unions were unwelcome and stayed away .
