utilitarianism .
he is widely recognized as a leading figure in the recently renewed field of virtue ethics , arguing that in a particular form , which draws on the concept of an ethics of care , it offers significant intuitive and structural advantages over deontology , utilitarianism , and common - sense morality .
he led and inspired british radicals during the 1790s , paved the way for utilitarianism , and helped found unitarianism .
was the near - meltdown that occurred at this nuclear power plant a good or a bad thing ( according to utilitarianism ) ?
utilitarianism has been used as an argument for many different political views .
in his essay " on liberty " , as well as in other works , john stuart mill argues that utilitarianism requires that political arrangements satisfy the " liberty principle " ( or harm principle ) , according to which " the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilised community , against his will , is to prevent harm to others . "
so no utilitarianism of rights can justify the procedure on the grounds that protecting the rights of non - members through the procedure minimizes rights violations in the long run .
the origins of utilitarianism can be traced back as far as epicurus , but , as a school of thought , it is credited to jeremy bentham , who found that " nature has placed mankind under the governance of two sovereign masters , pain and pleasure " , then , from that moral insight , deriving the " rule of utility " : " that the good is whatever brings the greatest happiness to the greatest number of people " .
wright [ 1982 ] in his discussion of utilitarianism , describes three main goals of individual prevention .
natural theology and the evidences of christianity appealed to victorian evangelicals , although not so much to adherents of the oxford movement - and both found his " utilitarianism " objectionable .
he shared as common points with paul bourget his disdain for utilitarianism and liberalism .
an early advocate of utilitarianism , animal welfare and women 's rights .
the ethical foundation of democratic transhumanism rests upon rule utilitarianism and non - anthropocentric personhood theory .
average utilitarianism values the maximization of the average utility among a group 's members .
like bentham 's formulation , mill 's utilitarianism deals with pleasure and happiness .
in ethics , smart is a defender of utilitarianism .
england , america , and utilitarianism .
perfection means more than happiness or pleasure , and is very distinct from utilitarianism in its most complex and simple forms .
jeremy bentham and john stuart mill are famous for propagating utilitarianism , which is the idea that the fundamental moral rule is to strive toward the " greatest happiness for the greatest number " .
this does not mean , however , that they are unable to make a decision ; much the same applies to utilitarianism .
in this highly original but now largely forgotten work , mackaye attempted to rescue the utilitarianism of jeremy bentham from the changes that this doctrine had subsequently undergone as a result of john stuart mill 's moderating influence .
each school of thought denounced the western values of individualism , materialism and utilitarianism as adequate avenues for the development of china .
consistency in his approach is based on utilitarianism , and the good of society .
another variation of rule utilitarianism stresses the greater utility of following a given rule in general , arguing that the practice of following some rule in all instances ( always stopping at red lights , for example ) will have better consequences overall than allowing exceptions to be made in individual instances , even if better consequences can be demonstrated in those instances .
the suppression of empirical inquiry by religious dogmatism during the era sometimes called the " dark ages " ( reflecting the hostility of the oral apparatus to literacy ) , is paralleled today by the suppression of aesthetic play by empirical utilitarianism ( reflecting the hostility of the literate apparatus to electracy ) .
basic interests utilitarianism .
utilitarianism .
macintyre emphasizes the importance of moral goods defined in respect to a community engaged in a ' practice ' - which he calls ' internal goods ' or ' goods of excellence ' - rather than focusing on practice - independent obligation of a moral agent ( deontological ethics ) or the consequences of a particular act ( utilitarianism ) .
it was his metaphysical works , however , that had the most lasting influence : leading philosophers including jeremy bentham , john stuart mill , and herbert spencer credit them among the primary sources for utilitarianism .
this basis he seemed to discover in something resembling jeremy bentham 's utilitarianism .
jeremy bentham 's " dictum " , " each to count for one , and none for more than one " can be considered a formulation of the principle of equal consideration of interests , and a basis for the broader philosophy of utilitarianism .
as a result , there now exist many different accounts of the good , and , therefore , many different types of consequentialism besides utilitarianism .
myers criticizes utilitarian views , especially “ negative ” utilitarianism , which holds that ethics require nothing more than the minimization of harm , and of deontological views , which emphasize social duties and adhering to social norms , i.e. rules .
nozick supports the side - constraint view against classical utilitarianism and the idea that only felt experience matters by introducing the famous experience machine thought experiment .
this form of utilitarianism holds that what matters is the aggregate happiness ; the happiness of everyone and not the happiness of any particular person .
almost all other principles of distributive justice ( egalitarianism , utilitarianism ) including rawls 's " difference principle " are patterned principles of justice .
universal prescriptivism , thus , leads to preference utilitarianism .
in moral philosophy , he is a firm believer in utilitarianism and has provided strong arguments supporting it , including in his " efficiency , equality , and public policy " .
his doctrine is a kind of utilitarianism , with a strong leaning on the speculative side to the modified literary scepticism of cicero , for whom he had unbounded admiration and on whose style he based his own .
utilitarianism , nussbaum argues , ignores adaptive preferences , elides the separateness of distinct persons , misidentifies valuable human / non - human emotions such as grief , and calculates according to " sum - rankings " rather than inviolable protection of intrinsic entitlements .
utilitarianism .
“ value ethics precludes the classic pitfalls in ethics : hedonism or eudemonism ; utilitarianism and consequentialism of any kind , i.e. the interpretation of moral in terms of allegedly more evident primary , natural cognitive experiences ; and various kinds of imperativism :
denunciation of utilitarianism .
( negative utilitarianism is an actual example . )
one of smart 's two entries in the philosophical lexicon refers to his approach to the consequences of act utilitarianism : to " outsmart " an opponent is " to embrace the conclusion of one 's opponent 's reductio ad absurdum argument .
preference utilitarianism therefore can be distinguished by its acknowledgment that every person 's experience of satisfaction will be unique .
telishment is put forward as a criticism of utilitarianism and consequentialism as valid theories of ethics .
filial piety and loyalty were the supreme virtues of the subjects of the imperial state and the book denounced the " individualism " , liberalism , utilitarianism and materialism that imperiled those virtues .
also , utilitarianism was originally developed as a challenge to the " status quo " .
utilitarianism , in answering this charge , must show either that what is apparently immoral is not really so or that , if it really is so , then closer examination of the consequences will bring this fact to light .
later in his career , rachels realised that a lifetime of analysing specific moral issues had led him to adopt the general ethic of utilitarianism , according to which actions are assessed by their effects on both human and nonhuman happiness .
most modern secular ethicists since the heyday of utilitarianism , e.g. t.m. scanlon and bernard williams , have constructed systems of ethics whereby homosexuality is a matter of individual choice and where ethical questions have been answered by an appeal to non - interference in activities involving consenting adults .
this view is a war - adapted version of utilitarianism , the moral system which advocates that the morally correct action is the one that does the most good .
beccaria had elaborated this original principle in conjunction with pietro verri , and greatly influenced jeremy bentham to develop it into the full - scale doctrine of utilitarianism .
" utilitarianism " is a form of consequentialism , where punishment is forward - looking
although some enlightenment philosophers ( e.g. hume ) continued to emphasize the virtues , with the ascendancy of utilitarianism and deontology , virtue theory moved to the margins of western philosophy .
for example , rule utilitarianism was criticized for implying that in some cases an individual should pursue a course of action that would obviously not maximise utility .
as motivation for his theory , mozi brought in the " will of heaven " , but rather than being religious his philosophy parallels utilitarianism .
the utilitarianism of john stuart mill is sometimes classified as a type of hedonism , as it judges the morality of actions by their consequent contributions to the greater good and happiness of all .
" the methods of ethics " is a book on utilitarianism first published in 1874 by the english philosopher henry sidgwick .
in this critique , utilitarianism is thus ultimately reduced to a form of dishonest ethical intuitionism , unable to recognize or acknowledge its own groundlessness .
moreover , utilitarianism and pragmatism commonly are identified as philosophies employing the rhetorical reasoning of casuistry .
at present , contemporary ethical philosophy is dominated by three schools : utilitarianism , virtue ethics , and kantianism .
other contemporary forms of utilitarianism mirror the forms of consequentialism outlined below .
utilitarianism .
the classic utilitarianism of bentham and mill influenced many other philosophers as well as the development of the broader concept of consequentialism .
utilitarianism .
projects for 2009 will include books on bioethics , global warming , ecology and utilitarianism .
two of the most common political and ethical motivations for formal punishment are utilitarianism and retributivism .
hare proposed that on a day to day basis , one should think and act like a rule utilitarian and follow a set of intuitive prima facie rules , in order to avoid human error and bias influencing one 's decision - making , and thus avoiding the problems that affected act utilitarianism .
ethics of care contrasts with more well - known ethical views , such as utilitarianism and deontology or kantian ethics .
according to derek parfit , this type of utilitarianism falls victim to the repugnant conclusion , whereby large numbers of people with very low but non - negative utility values can be seen as a better goal than a population of a less extreme size living in comfort .
rule utilitarianism .
his libertarian views have evolved from dissatisfaction with utilitarianism .
there are many versions of ethical objectivism , including various religious views of morality , platonistic intuitionism , kantianism , utilitarianism , and certain forms of ethical egoism and contractualism .
david pearce 's utilitarianism asks straightforwardly for the abolition of suffering .
total utilitarianism .
since ordinary people receive less utility with each additional unit consumed , if the utility monster existed , it would justify the mistreatment and perhaps annihilation of everyone else , according to the doctrine of utilitarianism .
all of the stations there are considered as monuments of architecture , due to their unique authentic character , that latter stations of the 1960s would lose in face of changing policy towards utilitarianism .
it paralleled the utilitarianism later developed by english thinkers .
while in prison he translated jeremy bentham 's " utilitarianism " .
contemporary philosophers such as matthew ostrow have critiqued utilitarianism from a distinctly wittgensteinian perspective .
critics of utilitarianism often claim that judging actions solely in terms of their consequences is incompatible with a foundational and universally - binding concept of justice .
another criticism of utilitarianism is that it is not proven , either by science or by logic , to be the correct ethical system .
his famous quote found in utilitarianism ( book ) was , " it is better to be a human dissatisfied than a pig satisfied ; better to be socrates dissatisfied than a fool satisfied " demonstrating mill 's distinction between higher and lower pleasures .
gorz then opposed himself both to hedonist individualism and utilitarianism and to materialist and productivist collectivism , defending a humanist version of ecology similar to social ecology which is opposed to deep ecology .
two - level utilitarianism .
so that we can easily refer to it , let us label this position " utilitarianism for animals , kantianism for people . "
the name of the movement is a portmanteau of " futility " and " utilitarianism " its roots are in the existentialist movement of the early 20th century .
as an alternative to utilitarianism and deontology , myers explores the ethics of character and identity , self - knowledge and shared life .
they are based on consequentialist theories such as utilitarianism .
leopold thus rejected the utilitarianism of conservationists like gifford pinchot and theodore roosevelt .
william thompson ( 1775 – 28 march 1833 , rosscarbery , co. cork ) was an irish political and philosophical writer and social reformer , developing from utilitarianism into an early critic of capitalist exploitation whose ideas influenced the cooperative , trade union and chartist movements as well as karl marx .
his dissertation had an emphasis on philosophy , defending utilitarianism against kant 's rationalism and posing that in general well - being should be the final goal of every law institution .
hodgson is the author of two books published by oxford university press , " consequences of utilitarianism " ( 1967 ) and " the mind matters : consciousness and choice in a quantum world " ( 1991 ) .
similarly , utilitarianism places no intrinsic value on biodiversity .
we can clarify what mill means by utilitarianism by comparing and contrasting it with aristotle 's classic position of eudaimonism or virtue ethics .
in addition to having potential advantages over utilitarianism and radical egalitarianism ( as noted above ) , prioritarianism also avoids some putatively embarrassing implications of a related view , the maximin principle ( also note rawls 's difference principle ) .
other past advocates of utilitarianism include william godwin and henry sidgwick ; modern - day advocates include r. m. hare , peter singer and torbjörn tännsjö .
peter singer is generally regarded as the leading contemporary advocate of preference utilitarianism .
modern utilitarianism .
philosophical utilitarianism , however , is a much broader view that encompasses all aspects of people 's lives .
utilitarianism has been criticised for looking only at the results of actions , not at the desires or intentions that motivate them , which many consider important , too .
two - level utilitarianism can be seen as an attempt to bypass objections to act and rule utiliarianism by borrowing the best features of both theories and combining them , and as a way of solving the problem of what to do when moral rules conflict .
melville despised unitarianism and its associated " ism " , utilitarianism .
later philosophers have seen in hume a basis for utilitarianism and naturalism .
the architectural design of the tower , a tall shaft with eight frieze - framed observation openings , was intended to have no suggestion of utilitarianism but instead to display classic austerity .
he believed that formal features of moral discourse could be used to show that correct moral reasoning will lead most agents to a form of preference utilitarianism .
prioritarianism is arguably more consistent with commonsense moral thinking than utilitarianism when it comes to these kinds of cases , especially because of the prioritarian 's emphasis on compassion .
utilitarianism .
this moral criticism is based on consequentialist ethics , usually utilitarianism .
anthony kenny argues against utilitarianism on the grounds that determinism is either true or false : if it is true , we have no choice over our actions ; if it is false , the consequences of our actions are unpredictable , not least because they depend upon the actions of others whom we can not predict .
ideal utilitarianism ( g.e. moore and hastings rashdall ) tries to meet the difficulty by advocating a plurality of ends and including among them the attainment of virtue itself , which , as john stuart mill affirmed , " may be felt a good in itself , and desired as such with as great intensity as any other good . "
this right inverts the " felicitation principle " of utilitarianism with the responsive violence being the greatest good to the individual , but accurately mirrors jeremy bentham who saw property as the driving force to enable individuals to enhance their utilities through stable investment and trade .
utilitarianism ( from the latin utilis , useful ) is a theory of ethics that prescribes the quantitative maximization of good consequences for a population .
he advocated social utilitarianism in literature , and the realistic treatment of social reality .
these values are prevalent in the theories of consequentialism and utilitarianism .
for this reason , utilitarianism is often associated with the term welfarist consequentialism .
see the article on utilitarianism .
largely seen as an epicurean , he viewed english utilitarianism as a modern version of epicureanism .
this thought experiment attempts to show that utilitarianism is not actually egalitarian , even though it appears to be at first glance .
according to most models of behavior , including not only utilitarianism , but most economic , psychological and social conceptions of behavior , it is believed that john likes collecting stamps because he gets pleasure from collecting stamps .
he hopes thus to do away with some common misunderstandings of utilitarianism , as well as to defend it against philosophical criticisms , most notably those of kant .
in reply to this objection , some utilitarians have put forward a " radical proposal " ; although they accept utilitarianism as the correct moral theory , it would be more beneficial if we do not proclaim this fact , and keep it a well - guarded secret .
singer 's views of utilitarianism have also been noted as some of the most influential of modern ethicists .
some take the approach of looking for coherent " justifications " of established copyright systems , while others start with general ethical theories , such as utilitarianism and try to analyse policy through that lens .
the means proposed may incidentally coincide with those prescribed by utilitarianism , but the foundational ethical imperative would not , of course , be utilitarian .
utilitarian liberationists , on the other hand , do not believe that animals possess moral rights , but argue , on utilitarian grounds — utilitarianism in its simplest form advocating that we base moral decisions on the greatest happiness of the greatest number — that , because animals have the ability to suffer , their suffering must be taken into account in any moral philosophy .
he defines hedonism " as an introspective attitude to life based on taking pleasure yourself and pleasuring others , without harming yourself or anyone else . " " onfray 's philosophical project is to define an ethical hedonism , a joyous utilitarianism , and a generalized aesthetic of sensual materialism that explores how to use the brain 's and the body 's capacities to their fullest extent -- while restoring philosophy to a useful role in art , politics , and everyday life and decisions . "
utilitarianism can be characterised as a quantitative and reductionist approach to ethics .
finally there are theoreticians who see nu as a branch within classical utilitarianism , rather than an independent theory .
melnikov house and his bakhmetevsky bus garage are fine examples of the tensions between individualism and utilitarianism in constructivism .
in mohism , morality is defined not by tradition and ritual , but rather by a constant moral guide that parallels utilitarianism .
total utilitarianism advocates measuring the utility of a population based on the total utility of its members .
their differences reflect a distinction philosophers draw between ethical theories that judge the rightness of an act by its consequences ( called consequentialism , teleological ethics , or utilitarianism , which is singer 's position ) , and those that judge acts to be right or wrong " in themselves " , almost regardless of consequences ( called deontological ethics , of which regan and francione are adherents ) .
approaches like utilitarianism and ethical egoism are also considered .
utilitarianism as a moral philosophy argues that maximizing pleasure should be the moral standard by which our actions should be measured .
these values are prevalent in the theories of consequentialism and utilitarianism .
he calls himself an " immoralist " and harshly criticizes the prominent moral schemes of his day : christianity , kantianism , and utilitarianism .
dr. woolwine asserts that utilitarianism and rights discourse need to be replaced by a synthesis of " modern " and " post - modern " philosophy to coherently and soundly justify the principles of the library bill of rights .
nozick suggested , again as a critique of utilitarianism , that the sacrosanctity of life made property rights non - negotiable .
steiner 's philosophy neither evaluates the moral value of an action according to its consequences ( utilitarianism ) , nor does it allow any categorical imperative , whether kantian or otherwise , to be the moral arbiter of human actions .
in utilitarianism it is the " end result " which is fundamental ( as opposed to kantian ethics discussed above ) .
while in the personal sphere , answering the question ' what do i do with my life ? ' leaves us with only two answers : selfishness and utilitarianism .
on the other hand , marx also criticized bentham 's utilitarianism .
utilitarianism is a hypothetical imperative , if one wants _
the most common consequentialist position is utilitarianism , which defines the ` best ' situations to be those in which people are in total as happy or fulfilled as possible .
in particular , jevons saw his economics as an application and development of jeremy bentham 's utilitarianism and never had a fully developed general equilibrium theory .
for example , utilitarianism holds that actions should be judged by their consequences .
it is organized around the great moral theories -- utilitarianism , the social contract theory , kantianism , and so on -- but it always uses real - life examples to explain what these theories mean .
to further sharpen the difference between utilitarianism and prioritarianism , imagine a two - person society : its only members are jim and pam .
during the voyage wrote a series of articles which resulted in his book " liberty , equality , fraternity " ( 1873–1874)--a protest against john stuart mill 's neo - utilitarianism .
the mere addition paradox is also a problem for average utilitarianism .
he is a professor at the university of reading and is best known for his work defending rule - consequentialism ( often treated as being synonymous with rule utilitarianism ) .
hare argued that the combination of universalizability and prescriptivity leads to a certain form of consequentialism , namely , preference utilitarianism .
two of the eight enigmas , guo jia and jia xu , as well as sima yi and lü bu , believed that ending the fighting quickly was the best for the people ( a form of negative utilitarianism ) , regardless of the methods used or how many innocents had to die .
art is then a form of learning that finds and enriches the spirit and negates utilitarianism .
according to hedonistic utilitarianism , a good action is one that results in an increase in pleasure , and the best action is one that results in the most pleasure for the greatest number .
it argues that libertarianism was crippled by utilitarianism , which was not radical or revolutionary enough because its desire for expediency was in contrast to radical abolitionism , which sought to eliminate wrong and injustice as rapidly as possible .
act utilitarianism states that , when faced with a choice , we must first consider the likely consequences of potential actions and , from that , choose to do what we believe will generate most pleasure .
traditionally , philosophers of punishment have contrasted retributivism with utilitarianism .
as well , he criticizes utilitarianism , which according to peter singer ( author of " animal liberation " ) , can justify invasive medical experiments on nonhuman animals and mentally disabled humans , and the traditional feminist ethics of care .
unlike the earlier association the osa group claimed for itself the name constructivist , in that it was , in its utilitarianism and concentration on function rather than form , an architectural equivalent to the experiments of ' artistic ' constructivism .
upon writing " situation ethics " , fletcher claimed that , like its predecessor utilitarianism , the theory was a simple and practical one , hinging around one single principle of utility which is agape love .
john stuart mill improved and promoted the doctrine of hedonistic utilitarianism .
egoism and altruism both contrast with ethical utilitarianism , which holds that a moral agent should treat one 's self ( also known as the subject ) with no higher regard than one has for others ( as egoism does , by elevating self - interests and " the self " to a status not granted to others ) , but that one also should not ( as altruism does ) sacrifice one 's own interests to help others ' interests , so long as one 's own interests ( i.e. one 's own desires or well - being ) are substantially - equivalent to the others ' interests and well - being .
however , not all forms of moral universalism are absolutist , nor are they necessarily value monist ; many forms of universalism , such as utilitarianism , are non - absolutist , and some forms , such as that of isaiah berlin , may be value pluralist .
under the framework of utilitarianism , actions ( including production of goods and provision of services ) are judged by their contributions to the subjective wealth of individuals ( this latter concept was also referred to as " overall happiness " , " moral worth " and " psychic satisfaction " ) .
it is difficult to imagine the intellectual concern of late 19th and early 20th century over the collective drift in western civilization away from old - guard monarchial and hierarchical societal structures ( i.e. , one ’s station in life being determined primarily by birth ) , toward the relative uncertainty and instability embodied in such enlightenment era ideals such as democracy , nationhood , class struggle ( karl marx ) , human equality , humanism , egalitarianism , utilitarianism and the like .
act utilitarianism is a utilitarian theory of ethics which states that the right action is the one which produces the greatest amount of happiness or pleasure for the greatest number of beings .
critique of utilitarianism .
this reveals that the goals of utilitarianism and classical liberalism have to be tempered and reduced to more modest proposals to be practically applicable .
reviewing dowbiggin 's 2003 book on euthanasia , " a merciful end : the euthanasia movement in modern america " , ezekiel emanuel comments that dowbiggin demonstrates " that the ideological justification for euthanasia lies not in the advanced medical technologies of the late 20th century , but in the social darwinism , eugenics , and utilitarianism of the late 19th century " .
in " political liberalism " rawls addressed the most common criticism leveled at " a theory of justice " — the criticism that the principles of justice were simply an alternative systematic conception of justice that was superior to utilitarianism or any other comprehensive theory .
connection to utilitarianism .
he was a proponent of utilitarianism , an ethical theory developed by jeremy bentham , although his conception of it was very different from bentham 's .
according to hedonistic utilitarianism , a good action is one that results in an increase in pleasure , and the best action is one that results in the most pleasure for the greatest number .
utilitarianism .
utilitarianism , one of the ethical methodologies , has
hence , the utilitarianism of jeremy bentham and cesare beccaria remains a relevant social philosophy in policy term for using punishment as a deterrent through law enforcement , the courts , and imprisonment .
murray rothbard and other natural rights theorists hold strongly to the central non - aggression axiom , while other free - market anarchists such as david d. friedman utilize consequentialist theories such as utilitarianism .
it was created by philosopher robert nozick in 1974 as a criticism of utilitarianism .
although his financial management of india was quite impressive , his modernizing projects also included a policy of westernization , influenced by the utilitarianism of jeremy bentham and james mill , which was more controversial .
in the first two chapters , mill aims to define precisely what utilitarianism claims in terms of the general moral principles that it uses to judge concrete actions , as well as in terms of the sort of evidence that is supposed to be given for such principles .
[ utilitarianism ] seems to simplify unduly our relations to our fellows .
in chapter four of his text " utilitarianism " mill can claim that the proof for the principle of utility is that fact that it is human nature .
negative utilitarians set the moral goal of life as the minimization of suffering , as opposed to utilitarianism , which promotes the greatest amount of good for the greatest number of people , sometimes at the expense of others .
rodó denounced pragmatic utilitarianism , i.e. the philosophical movement that considered utility as the way to bring the most happiness to all those affected by it .
maximizing total benefits or utilitarianism can be accomplished by saving the most lives or by prognosis ( life years ) .
goodwin considers all other residents of satellite - and indeed all poor , whom he believes cultivate evil - " scum " , but masquerades his beliefs of classism and plutocracy with utilitarianism , saying that everyone must work together to maintain the delicate balance between the satellite sector and new domino city .
hare was greatly influenced by the emotivism of a.j. ayer and charles l. stevenson , the ordinary language philosophy of j.l. austin , a certain reading of the later philosophy of ludwig wittgenstein , utilitarianism , and immanuel kant .
mill 's major contribution to utilitarianism is his argument for the qualitative separation of pleasures .
in the november 15 , 1837 issue of " the constitution " , mackenzie published a draft constitution , mainly modelled on the united states constitution , but also incorporating english radical reform ideas and some aspects of utilitarianism .
in contrast , j.j.c. smart and bernard williams 's " utilitarianism : for and against " provides a more complete picture with both sides of the argument in relation to the theory .
utilitarianism ( architecture ) .
utilitarianism , in general , argues that the standard of justification for actions , institutions , or the whole world , is " impartial welfare consequentialism " , and only indirectly , if at all , to do with rights , property , need , or any other non - utilitarian criterion .
penology concerns many topics and theories , including those concerning prisons ( prison reform , prisoner abuse , prisoners ' rights , and recidivism ) , as well as theories of the purposes of punishment ( such as deterrence , rehabilitation , retribution , and utilitarianism ) .
his statement of the ethic of reciprocity as the foundation of ethics is the earliest in ancient greece , and he differs from the formulation of utilitarianism by john stuart mill by emphasizing the minimization of harm to oneself and others as the way to maximize happiness .
though the emphasis on character building through literary appreciation diminished somewhat after the movement toward utilitarianism following world war i , herbart ’s pedagogy continues to influence the field by raising important questions about the role of critical thinking , and literary appreciation in education .
the tabula are a centuries old secret society who believe in the importance of control and stability , making them in essence advocates of a kind of extreme utilitarianism .
utilitarianism would also require the indirect impact of social acceptance of inhumane policies to be taken into consideration , and general anxiety and fear could increase for all if human rights are commonly ignored .
utilitarianism .
he also singled out francis bacon , and denounced ' naturalism ' and utilitarianism .
utilitarianism .
the few who opposed the bill were more concerned about the centralisation which it would bring rather than the underpinning philosophy of utilitarianism .
the contemporary pro - life movement is typically , but not exclusively , associated with christian morality ( especially in the united states ) , and has influenced certain strains of bioethical utilitarianism .
istislah , in this classical formulation , is not mere utilitarianism , which calls good whatever brings about " the greatest happiness for the greatest number .
he is also considered a forebear of utilitarianism .
for instance , some versions of utilitarianism do not allow for supererogation , a supererogatory act being one that is morally good but exceeds the requirements of duty .
thompson was greatly impressed by the utilitarianism of jeremy bentham with whom he corresponded and established a friendship , later staying at the english philosopher 's house for several months in 1821 - 22 while visiting london .
an article in the " yale bulletin and calendar " says that his book " the limits of morality " " critiques so - called " ordinary morality " ; the view that there are limits to what morality can impose on humans ; and defends the doctrine of classical utilitarianism , which holds that people are morally obliged , without limit , to do as much good as they can . "
critique of utilitarianism .
in this context , abolitionism ( not to be confused with the anti - slavery movement of the same name ) is inspired by jeremy bentham ’s utilitarian ethic , but goes a step further in that it is more principally inspired by the tenets of negative utilitarianism .
murray rothbard and other natural rights theorists hold strongly to the central libertarian non - aggression axiom , while other free - market anarchists such as david d. friedman utilize consequentialist theories such as utilitarianism .
he came at this position through his acquaintance with the philosophy of jeremy bentham , john stuart mill , and other british empiricists and philosophers of utilitarianism .
jeremy bentham developed hedonistic utilitarianism , a popular doctrine in ethics , politics , and economics .
utilitarianism is the view that the laws should be crafted so as to produce the best consequences .
total utilitarianism is also challenged by nozick 's utility monster , a hypothetical being with a greater ability to gain utility from resources , who takes all those resources from people in a fashion that is seen as completely moral .
nozick created the thought experiment of the " utility monster " to show that average utilitarianism could lead to a situation where the needs of the vast majority were sacrificed for one individual .
utilitarianism .
maleŝević and haugaard argue that gellner 's method , the socio - historical method , by which as he sets out a powerful sociology of specific philosophical doctrines and ideologies , from utilitarianism and kantianism to nationalism .
other scholars , such as dr. david woolwine of hofstra university , have criticized the philosophical underpinnings of the library bill of rights , specifically objecting to the use of utilitarianism and " rights discourse " in defense of the principles .
reasons why utilitarianism may remain useful include that the effects of actions might not be finite , the limitation to the possible utility on a single planet , and the argument that while the universe might be infinite , its mass , number of planets , useful energy and hence possible intelligent life all appear to be finite .
utilitarianism .
critics have also asked why one should follow utilitarianism instead of ethical egoism .
even though mackintosh became known as the ‘ pioneer’ of the movement , his designs were far removed from the bleak utilitarianism of modernism .
peter singer 's writings , especially the book animal liberation , represent the leading edge of this kind of utilitarianism for animals as well as for people .
this is a version of utilitarianism .
rule consequentialism exists in the forms of rule utilitarianism and rule egoism .
further , mill argued in the opening pages of his book " utilitarianism " that the categorical imperative that kant had formulated to support the duties he had argued as categorical in fact used consequential logic ; if the ends of a formulated maxim logically supported the maxim , that is , the maxim if universalised created a theoretical world that could exist and would be beneficial to society , then the maxim could be offered as a rule under which society should live .
utilitarianism was a prevalent school of thought during this period , its most famous proponents being jeremy bentham and john stuart mill .
he is best known for his advocacy of utilitarianism , for the concept of animal rights , and his opposition to the ideas of natural law and natural rights , calling them " nonsense upon stilts . "
hoche talks about euthanasia as proposed by binding , arguing that if killing a person would lead to other lives being saved , it would be justifiable ( utilitarianism ) .
we have a " duty " to act in a way that does those things that are inherently good as acts ( " truth - telling " for example ) , or follow an objectively obligatory rule ( as in rule utilitarianism ) .
although singer rejects rights as a moral ideal independent from his utilitarianism based on interests , he accepts rights as derived from utilitarian principles , particularly the principle of minimising suffering .
he is considered one of the first exponents of utilitarianism , and one of the first modern proponents of anarchism .
in describing these events disraeli sets out his own beliefs including his opposition to robert peel , his dislikes of both the british whig party and the ideals of utilitarianism , and the need for social justice in a newly industrialized society .
however , with his background in moor reclamation , he had a foot in both camps – utilitarianism and conservationism .
mill also dealt with one of the prime problems associated with utilitarianism , that of schadenfreude .
theoretical arguments based on utilitarianism conclude that defensive medicine is , on average , harmful to patients .
counter the infiltration of secular ideas such as relativism , utilitarianism , and hedonism into the church " .
utilitarianism is often described by the phrase " the greatest good for the greatest number of people " , and is also known as " the greatest happiness principle " .
up to and including john stuart mill , utilitarianism was mainly the province of practical reformers .
rule utilitarianism can also be seen as practice rule , which states that — even though in some or most cases the rule would n't cause the greatest good —
he brought back to japan the philosophies of utilitarianism and empiricism , which he transmitted through his writing , lectures and participation in mori arinori 's " meirokusha " , and contributed numerous articles to its journal .
classical theories in this vein include utilitarianism , kantianism , and some forms of contractarianism .
to that extent , it fits the model of utilitarianism as proposed by the classical school , but its implications are doubted by the neo - classical school .
utilitarianism ( book ) .
david mcnaughton argues that , even if the agent 's commitment to his principles is not undermined , two - level utilitarianism does not succeed in its goal of showing , " how , on utilitarian principles , it is a good idea to think and reason in a pluralist and non - consequentialist manner . " it is impossible , he claims , to compartmentalise one 's thinking in the way the two - level account requires — to simultaneously think like a utilitarian and act in a non - utilitarian way .
act utilitarianism will use the summary concept as opposed to the practice concept .
lifeboat ethics is closely related to environmental ethics , utilitarianism , and issues of resource depletion .
utilitarianism is the idea that the moral worth of an action is determined solely by its utility in providing happiness or pleasure as summed among all sentient beings .
utilitarianism , therefore , can only attain its goal of greater happiness by cultivating the nobleness of individuals so that all can benefit from the honour of others .
stifled by its utilitarianism , its indifference to love and beauty and the life of impulse . "
the term " meritarian " is of recent coinage from social and political philosophy , where it is used as to describe the host of concerns and arguments against egalitarianism , utilitarianism and contractarianism that deal with just rewards .
