anis was a master of simple , natural utterance , with a superb command on the language , which was always adequate to express a large variety of moods , scenes , characters and situations .
in linguistics , speaker affect is attitude or emotion that a speaker brings to an utterance . affects such as sarcasm , contempt , dismissal , distaste , disgust , disbelief , exasperation , boredom , anger , joy , respect or disrespect , sympathy , pity , gratitude , wonder , admiration , humility , and awe are frequently conveyed through paralinguistic mechanisms such as intonation , facial expression , and gesture , and thus require recourse to punctuation or emoticons when reduced to writing , but there are grammatical and lexical expressions of affect as well , such as pejorative and approbative or laudative expressions or inflections , adversative forms , honorific and deferential language , interrogatives and tag questions , and some types of evidentiality .
the correspondence between the focal participant in the utterance and the event space is represented via an identity connector between the two .
carew had a lucidity and directness of lyrical utterance unknown to donne .
speech errors , commonly referred to as slips of the tongue , are conscious or unconscious deviations from the apparently intended form of an utterance .
the name was not coined until many centuries after its creation , and comes from the old slavic " glagolъ " " utterance " ( also the origin of the slavic name for the letter g ) .
he defines a work of art as " a physically embodied , culturally emergent entity " , a human " utterance " that is n't an ontological quirk but in line with other human activity and culture in general .
in speech , when pronouns are not completely dropped , they are more often elided than other words in an utterance .
in these cases , messages can be transmitted as rapid beats at the same speed as speech as the rhythm and melody both match the equivalent spoken utterance .
his position on the issue was seen to be ambiguous : as he wrote in his book , his position was for " independence if necessary , but not necessarily independence " ( a reference to canadian prime minister mackenzie king 's famous utterance in the wwii conscription debate ) .
speech act theory , pioneered by j.l. austin and further developed by john searle , centers around the idea of the performative , a type of utterance that performs the very action it describes .
it is often said as a prayer , in short form , as an utterance .
apart from three tracks on " first utterance " ( " the herald " , " diana " and " bitten " ) , most of the songs were written by roger wootton and arranged by glenn goring .
he was naturally shy , modest , diffident , and reticent , of most retiring and undemonstrative ways , therefore when called upon for any utterance in public before many persons it was for him a serious strain .
active literary world , nevertheless , was not expected from her , and if she were a poet , some powerful utterance of feeling , rather than the confidences of the novel or the diary , was looked for .
a moment comes , which comes but rarely in history , when we step out from the old to the new , when an age ends , and when the soul of a nation , long suppressed , finds utterance .
unlike purely verb - based approaches to compositionality , generative lexicon attempts to spread the semantic load across all constituents of the utterance .
since , human are social therefore , the utterance also means that it embodies power relations .
ujejski then gave utterance to the universal feeling of indignation in his powerful poem " choral " , which has become one of the notable patriotic polish songs of that period .
most varieties of ewe have two distinctive level tones , high and mid , the latter being realized as low at the end of a phrase or utterance , as in the example ' buffalo ' above .
bahá'u'lláh occasionally would write himself , but normally the revelation was dictated to his secretaries , whose tracts are sometimes recorded it in what has been called " revelation writing " , a shorthand script written with extreme speed owing to the rapidity of the utterance being transcribed .
he claimed that , in such a situation , it is impossible " in principle " to be absolutely certain of the meaning or reference that a speaker of the primitive tribe 's language attaches to an utterance .
the question of the infelicitous utterance ( the misfire)is also taken up by shoshana felman when she states " infelicity , or failure , is not for austin an accident of the performative , it is inherent in it , essential to it .
during this battle , in which the confederates were successful , colonel kenly gave utterance to the famous command , " rally round the flag , " which is to this day the motto of the 115th regiment .
in linguistics , allocutive agreement refers to a morphological feature in which the gender of an addressee is marked overtly in an utterance .
nominal morphology is based on a four - person paradigm which marks the relationship of the second person to the utterance .
these include repetition : where the student repeats an utterance as soon as he hears it
the lyrics of rammstein and above all their utterance by singer till lindemann are an essential element of music and shape the perception by fans and a wider public .
dysprosody is " characterized by alterations in intensity , in the timing of utterance segments , and in rhythm , cadency , and intonation of words . "
gwydion is able to defeat the horned king by speaking his true name , which is never revealed ; upon the utterance of his name , the horned king is struck by a lightning blast and consumed by flames .
candide 's own conclusion on the subject can be summed up in his utterance that " optimism is the madness of insisting that all is well when we are miserable . "
according to aviel roshwald , despite the " widespread " belief that these famous last words are apochryphal , " the irony is that the authenticity of the official story about trumpeldor 's final utterance is actually well - attested and not disputed by historians."(roshwald , aviel , the endurance of nationalism ; ancient roots and modern dilemmas , cambridge university press .
language is here considered apart from its uses in poetry ; its highest function is clear , simple , intelligent utterance in short speeches , epigrams , and answers .
the phonetic interpretation of the intsint tonal segments can be carried out using two speaker dependent ( or even utterance dependent ) parameters .
before the war of independence arianism showed itself in individual instances , and french influences were widespread in the direction of deism , though they were not organized into any definite utterance by religious bodies .
shakespeare for berlioz represented the summit of poetic utterance , with the bard 's veracity of dramatic expression and freedom from formal constraints resounding in the composer 's spirit .
she scorns his interference and impatience and loses control of language when she leaves her utterance unfinished ‘
they will want to remove it and his blood will fall on his utterance of allah 's words : " allah is enough for you against them . "
established by the nobel prize winning poet rabindranath tagore as an experimental school for literature and dance , the lyricist gave performances and under the spell of the lush and colorful environment wrote a new series of poems based on the 108 appellations of krishna and the tripartite mystical utterance of the " upanisads " .
language philosophy in medieval india was dominated by the dispute of the " naturalists " of the mimamsa school , notably defended by kumarila , who held that " shabda " designates the actual phonetic utterance , and the sphota school , defended by mandana mishra , who identified spotha and shabda as a mystical " indivisible word - whole " .
this utterance is also notable because it is probably the first reference to what we now know ad the « touch system » contained in the reports of any of the conventions .
the utterance that got chi'en fired became a popular saying on the show , and is repeated frequently , usually with a juvenile emphasis on the word " man . "
another class of explanation focuses on strategic impression management : although people may not believe the content of a self - serving utterance , they may nevertheless offer it to others in order to create a favorable impression .
certain reductions allow words to be omitted completely from an utterance .
besides the context , the performative utterance itself is unambiguous as well .
in linguistics , a discourse marker is a word or phrase that is relatively syntax - independent , does not have a particular grammatical function , does not change the meaning of the utterance , and has a somewhat empty meaning .
for instance , every inscription or utterance of the sentence " on july 15 , 2009 it rains in boston . " has the same truth value , no matter when or where it is asserted .
quite often , a text or utterance that is considered to be " untranslatable " is actually a " lacuna " , or lexical gap .
the judging panel included us critic elaine showalter , who said he " illuminated the path for writers around the world seeking new words and forms for new realities and societies " ; and south african writer nadine gordimer , who said achebe has achieved " what one of his characters brilliantly defines as the writer ’s purpose : ' a new - found utterance ' for the capture of life ’s complexity " .
even in 1975 , it would have been unlikely that utterance of fuck itself would have been sufficient to cause the axing of the entire show .
the moralizing of bacchylides is rather an utterance of quiet meditation , sometimes recalling the strain of lonian gnomic elegy .
for example , " i " refers to whomever is speaking ; " now " refers to the time at which that word is uttered ; and " here " refers to the place of utterance .
mean length of utterance ( or mlu ) is a measure of linguistic productivity in children .
nonsense is an utterance or written text that does not in fact carry any identifiable meaning .
indexical meaning , on the other hand , is dependent on the context of the utterance and has rules of use .
in its conclusion , the court wrote : " the [ clear and present danger ] test requires a court to make its own inquiry into the imminence and magnitude of the danger said to flow from the particular utterance and then to balance the character of the evil as well as its likelihood against the need for free and unfettered expression . "
in cases where an adjustment is absolutely impossible , albalag brings forward a very strange solution ; namely , that the teaching of the philosopher is true from the speculative standpoint , and at the same time the utterance of scripture is true from a higher , supernatural point of view — the philosophical mode of knowledge being altogether different from the prophetic .
in a general sense , " oral tradition " refers to the transmission of cultural material through vocal utterance , and was long held to be a key descriptor of folklore ( a criterion no longer rigidly held by all folklorists ) .
however , when he goes through this process and now is choosing to express himself through this particular utterance , he has not in any way lost or forgotten all the knowledge of who he really is ( " thus the contraction is not a literal contraction " ) .
a damaging quotation is a " short utterance " by a public figure used by opponents as a discrediting tactic .
a genre ( , also ; from french , " genre " , " kind " or " sort " , from latin : " genus " ( stem " gener- " ) , greek : " genos " , " γένος " ) is a loose set of criteria for a category of composition ; the term is often used to categorize literature and speech , but is also used for any other form of art or utterance .
woolard ( 2004 ) , in her overview of " code switching , " or the systematic practice of alternating linguistic varieties within a conversation or even a single utterance , finds the underlying question anthropologists ask of the practice — why do they do that ?— reflects a dominant linguistic ideology .
they draw three conclusions from austin : ( 1 ) a performative utterance does n't communicate information about an act second - hand — it is the act ; ( 2 ) every aspect of language ( " semantics , syntactics , or even phonematics " ) functionally interacts with pragmatics ; ( 3 ) there is no distinction between language and speech .
parsing is the process of recognizing an utterance ( a string in natural languages ) by breaking it down to a set of symbols and analyzing each one against the grammar of the language .
over time , the pronoun shifted from " min " to " mi " and children learning the language rebracketed the utterance /mined/ from the original " min ed " ( formula_3 ) to " mi ned " ( formula_4 ) .
she has been described as " the verdian dramatic soprano par excellence , powerful , passionate in utterance , but dignified in manner and secure in tone and control " .
edmondson and elsing report that these are true epiglottals initially and medially , but in utterance - final position they are epiglotto – pharyngeal .
in many scenes we witness a run of counter arguments that build upon each utterance , darting about a central theme .
because pragmatics describes generally the forces in play for a given utterance , it includes the study of power , gender , race , identity , and their interactions with individual speech acts .
my little heart loses its limits in joy and gives birth to utterance ineffable .
this utterance is called " pravara " ; in this pravara the ancestors of sandilya are also mentioned .
in the verification phase , a speech sample or " utterance " is compared against a previously created voice print .
while sloganeering of port alberni as the " salmon capital of the world " was once common in the alberni valley , in more recent times a sharp decline in annual salmon populations has unfortunately put an abrupt end to the utterance of this proud creed among local residents .
- " tongues and prophecy : how to know when a gift of utterance is in order "
was initially intended as a single utterance by madame brown .
when napoleon was at elba , görres wrote an imaginary proclamation issued by him to the people , the intense irony of which was so well veiled that many frenchmen mistook it for an original utterance of the emperor .
or as the film itself states in its first title card , " perhaps this plaintive , wailing song of jazz is , after all , the misunderstood utterance of a prayer . "
thus , if i say " john knows that his car is in front of him " , the utterance is true if and only if ( 1 ) john believes that his car is in front of him , ( 2 ) the car is in fact in front of him , and ( 3 ) john meets the epistemic standards that my ( the speaker 's ) context selects .
" this is the first utterance of this first moral , before it gives way to arpad kovacs beaming , " what an aryan i made ! " , " and so on , and so on ... "
for miller philosophy was a mode of utterance wherein one actually speaks ( i.e. , expresses himself ) and takes responsibility for what is said ( i.e. , reflects upon himself ) .
similar analysis , decomposing the utterance into progressively smaller units , is possible at the other levels of the grammatical component .
the legend first became widely published in " querelles littéraires " ( 1761 ) , recounting a tale published by an italian living in london in 1757 ( 124 years after the supposed utterance ) .
they assert that the entire cosmic creation began with sound : " by his utterance came the universe . " ( brihadaranyaka upanishad 1.2.4 ) .
his sermon generally occupied three - quarters of an hour , but such was the rapidity of his utterance that he spoke as much in that time as an ordinary preacher would have done in an hour .
first - order indexicality can be defined as the first level of pragmatic meaning that is drawn from an utterance .
the arab chief was the thuratan , in the arakanese utterance whom the king of arakan tsula - taing tsandra ( 951 - 957 ad . ) , claimed to have defeated in his invasion of chittagong in 953 ad .
it goes on from page to page , a never - ending kaleidoscope of story in labyrinths of twists and turns of utterance .
during database creation , each recorded utterance is segmented into some or all of the following : individual phones , diphones , half - phones , syllables , morphemes , words , phrases , and sentences .
prosodic units occur at a hierarchy of levels , from the metrical foot and phonological word to a complete utterance .
when there are more than one addressees present in the conversation , the utterance positions the author / speaker into more ( metaphorical ) locations .
hers is the clearest religious utterance to have made itself heard in 14th century italy .
on march 20 , 2009 things boiled over in the kxno studios as tirrell initiated a verbal tirade that used harsh words that was heard briefly on the air , including the utterance of the " f " word a dozen times , mostly by tirrell , who at times seemed to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
also , they have planned on using the utterance of destiny , or the t - bomb , which would spread the mists all across the universe , making all living beings inhumans , which to the prime group , would bring about equality and an end to war .
according to this view , " speaking in tongues " is an utterance granted by god for prayer , and " the gift of tongues " is a rare miracle in which god enables a christian to speak in a foreign language he has not previously studied in order to proclaim the gospel .
what was groundbreaking in this symphony was its greater economy of utterance compared to its two predecessors .
there is a process of high doubling which spreads any h tone to the following tone bearing unit , and a process of final lowering which deletes any utterance - final high tone .
at least one other possible on - screen utterance occurs in the film " a day at the races " ( 1937 ) , in which groucho , chico , and harpo are heard singing " down by the old mill stream " in three - part harmony .
to one of these additions — that to an ancient utterance concerning the " book of adam , the first man ,"— this statement is appended : " ashi and ravina are the last representatives of independent decision ( " hora'ah " ) " , an evident reference to the work of these two in editing the babylonian talmud , which as an object of study and a fountainhead of practical " decision " was to have the same importance for the coming generations as the mishnah had had for the amoraim .
however , a performative utterance must also conform to a set of felicity conditions .
the maoris ' specialty was ' trance utterance ' , the tohungas being mediums .
these categories are not exclusive , so an utterance may well have both qualities .
his best characters are simple and natural , fond of domestic life , but too much given the utterance of commonplace sentimentality .
stravinsky 's compositions of this period share traits with all of his earlier output : rhythmic energy , the construction of extended melodic ideas out of a few two- or three - note cells , and clarity of form , of instrumentation , and of utterance .
there will be a separate sound file per utterance .
in some cases , a small application on the mobile device undertakes the first part of speech recognition , breaking down the utterance into a series of elementary components or ' phones ' , and then sending the phones over the data channel to a server application .
that is , while an utterance that follows another is usually connected to the one that preceded it , ‘
the word qawaali means " utterance in the name of allah . "
she says that even death would fear god 's name , which purified the sinner king ajamila - who ascended to heaven when he coincendentally called to god at his death bed , the " robber " valmiki - who was transformed into a great sage by utterance of god 's name - and even the prostitute pingala .
an excited utterance , in the law of evidence , is a statement made by a person in response to a startling or shocking event or condition .
it was a prominent utterance by the subterranean cannibal killer of the 1972 movie " death line " .
since no daily responses are given from heaven , and the scriptures are the only records in which god has been pleased to consign his truth to perpetual remembrance , the full authority which they ought to possess with the faithful is not recognised , unless they are believed to have come from heaven , as directly as if god had been heard giving utterance to them .
the " gift of tongues " or " giving a tongue " refers to a glossolalic utterance by an individual and addressed to a congregation of , typically , other believers .
" first utterance " is the debut album of the british progressive rock band comus .
lady avon has since described this observation as " silly , really idiotic " , though it remains probably the most quoted utterance of the whole crisis .
in theoretical linguistics , grammaticality is the quality of a linguistic utterance of being grammatically well - formed .
an utterance describing pragmatic function is described as metapragmatic .
he became famous as the " flux and fire " philosopher for his proverbial utterance : " all things are flowing . " heraclitus argued that the three principal elements in nature were fire , earth , and water .
the term has been incorporated into the telecom industry , used as utterance of frustration by computer support personnel who anticipate a directive from an ignorant supervisor to do something that can not be accomplished .
gillray revenged himself for this utterance by his splendid caricature entitled , " a connoisseur examining a cooper " , which he is doing by means of a candle on a " save - all " ; so that the sketch satirises at once the king 's pretensions to knowledge of art and his miserly habits .
by using a pointer to touch a series of rectangles , the teacher , without saying anything himself , can get the students to produce any utterance in the language if they know the correspondence between the colours and the sounds , even if they do not know the language .
other seattle - area bands of note include pearl jam , acceptance , aiden , alien crime syndicate , antlers , the beautiful mothers , betty x , the blakes , the blood brothers , blue scholars , the catheters , charlie drown , common heroes , dangermart , daphne loves derby ( kent ) , death cab for cutie ( bellingham ) , daylight basement , the divorce , dog bone sanctuary , dolour , drop six , drown mary , harvey danger , fleet foxes , foo fighters , maktub , metal church , minus the bear , modest mouse ( issaquah ) , mudhoney , the murder city devils , mxpx ( bremerton ) , the myriad , pedro the lion , point one , ruby doe , schoolyard heroes , screaming trees ( originally from ellensburg ) , second coming , sky cries mary , sleater - kinney ( olympia ) , slicing grandpa , smoosh , soundgarden , sunny day real estate , super deluxe , supersuckers , sweet 75 , turn to fall , united states of electronica , utterance , vendetta red , vexed , vindaloo , visqueen , zeke and the zero points .
the first amendment did not protect speech encouraging insubordination , since , " when a nation is at war many things that might be said in time of peace are such a hindrance to its effort that their utterance will not be endured so long as men fight , and that no court could regard them as protected by any constitutional right . "
often , at the utterance of " community college " he would quickly interject , " junior college — community college makes it o.k. [ it 's not o.k. ] " he often joked that " junior colleges are high schools with ashtrays . "
“ mrs. browning ’s poems are , in all respects , the utterance of a woman — of a woman of great learning , rich experience , and powerful genius , uniting to her woman ’s nature the strength which is sometimes thought peculiar to a man . ”
the ' conscious and unconscious ' significance of an act or utterance are one and the same , and each constrains the other .
for example , a gesture that depicts the act of throwing may be synchronous with the utterance , " he threw the ball right into the window . "
and wrench some utterance from his mouth .
the 72 letter name of god which is used in jewish mysticism for meditation purposes is derived from the hebrew verbal utterance moses spoke in the presence of an angel , while the sea of reeds parted , allowing the hebrews to escape their approaching attackers .
on another occasion , instead of " brutus qui libertatem civium stabiliverat , " he substituted tullius , and the audience gave utterance to their enthusiasm by encoring the passage " a thousand times " .
a moment comes , but rarely in history , when we step out from the old to the new , when an age ends , and when the soul of a nation , long suppressed , finds utterance . "
as an example , consider the following utterance : " by the way , i have a cd of debussy ; would you like to borrow it ? "
" this method starts from the assumption that every utterance has an addressee .
in utterance - initial position they may be a partially voiced ( negative voice onset time ) stop and fricative .
the invocation starts with a mantra , sacred utterance , saying that the imperishable is linked to the perishable and that the self is released from all evil as it knows god .
the mean becomes the long term cepstrum and is typically computed on the speech part for each separate utterance .
some muslims refer to the utterance of the two verses as the " gharaniq " incident .
in speech , a vocable is an utterance , term , or word that is capable of being spoken and recognized .
coprolalia is involuntary swearing or the involuntary utterance of obscene words or socially inappropriate and derogatory remarks .
john ’s utterance also conforms to the lexical and grammatical conventions of english – that is , john has produced an english sentence .
the routine has two performers pretending to meet for the first time , with one of them becoming highly agitated over the utterance of particular words .
as a composer , truscott perfected an expanded tonal idiom of contrapuntal intricacy and sometimes terse , no - nonsense expression , but a mystical streak sometimes emerges , as in the finale to his only completed symphony , and his " elegy " for string orchestra , composed in 1944 and never performed in his lifetime , is an utterance of astonishing romantic intensity .
overall , the differences between the different ethnic communities in singapore are most evident in the patterns of intonation , so for example malay singaporeans often have the main pitch excursion later in an utterance than ethnically chinese and indian singaporeans .
for instance , wilson presents the five canons of rhetoric ( invention , disposition , elocutio , memoria , and utterance or actio ) .
a moment comes , which comes but rarely in history , when we step out from the old to the new , when an age ends , and when the soul of a nation , long suppressed , finds utterance .
it may be impossible to distinguish between speech and noise using simple level detection techniques when parts of the speech utterance are buried below the noise .
in “ when i was twelve , my parents took me to spain ” , there is an identity mapping between the speaker at age twelve and the speaker at the time of utterance .
" from morpheme to utterance " grammar of expansions .
pyramid text utterance 222 line 210 .
an excited utterance does not have to be made at time of the startling event , but must be made while the declarant is still in a state of surprise or shock from the incident .
wiley adds , " amateurish criticism to the contrary , there is no warrant to assume , this period [ of his short - lived marriage ] excepted , that tchaikovsky 's sexuality ever deeply impaired his inspiration , or made his music idiosyncratically confessional or incapable of philosophical utterance . "
— and the famous ghostly utterance " let me in your window - i 'm so cold ! " , later used by kate bush in her 1978 hit " wuthering heights " .
for example , in most cultures , men tend to benefit from a wider bandwidth of expectations than women regarding the use of aggressive or intense language , consequently , the utterance of expletives are more likely to conform to one 's expectations of how men generally behave , but negatively violate one 's expectations of how women generally behave .
for camões was his model ; not the camões of the epic , but the camões of the lyrics and the sonnets , where the passion of tenderness finds its supreme utterance .
most often , voice - based search uses the voice channel to deliver the caller 's utterance to a server - based search application .
the utterance was a commitment of his fate to fortune .
extensive research has shown , however , that language comprehension is affected also by context preceding a given utterance , as well as many other factors .
anis was a master of simple , natural utterance , with a superb command on the language , which was always adequate to express a large variety of moods , scenes , characters and situations .
every performative utterance has its own procedure and risks of failure that austin calls ‘
a more lyrical utterance appears from the oboe and flute respectively , before the original material returns .
when , for instance , one uses the word " go ! " in order to command someone to leave the room then this utterance is part of the performance of a command ; and the sentence , according to austin , is neither true nor false ; hence the sentence is a performative ; -- still , it is " not " an " explicit " performative , for it does not make explicit that the act the speaker is performing is a command .
the android is supposed to detonate a planet destroying bomb on the utterance of a deadly code phrase .
in this context , the first baseman is named " who " ; thus , the utterance " who 's on first " is ambiguous between the question ( " which person is the first baseman ? " ) and the answer ( " the name of the first baseman is ' who ' " ) .
it seems scarcely credible that judge shaw could have given utterance to the language published in his " charge to the jury .
while the notion of ip as the fundamental node of an utterance is foreign to tesnière , his stemmata do remind one of the graphical representation in transformational syntax .
in the pyramid texts , e.g. utterance 1587 , atum himself is at times referred to as " mound " .
it was individual ; however large the staff of writers , the editorials were regarded as the utterance of the editor . "
utterance 600 of the pyramid texts speaks of atum as " you rose up , as the benben , in the mansion of the benu in heliopolis " ( hart , p.16 ) .
for this purpose , he ordered two children to be reared by a shepherd , forbidding him to let them hear a single word , and charging him to report the children 's first utterance .
research proves that the word is actually a literal " curse(d ) word , " and its constant utterance has caused a resurgence of the bubonic plague .
also darby had already written out his pretribulation rapture views in january 1827 , 3 years prior to the 1830 events and any macdonald utterance .
it was a remarkable utterance .
her utterance of having " no shame " was interpreted by author james b. twitchell , in his book " for shame " as an attempt to separate herself from contemporary female artists of that era .
roar ( utterance ) .
as pat rogers notes , henry fielding , in book i , chapter 14 of joseph andrews , invokes william hogarth to create a character sketch of mrs. tow - wouse : " indeed , if mrs. tow - wouse had given no utterance to the sweetness of her temper , nature had taken such pains in her countenance , that hogarth himself never gave more expression to a picture . "
the regents were also empowered to dismiss school employees for the " utterance of any treasonable or seditious word ... or the doing of any treasonable or seditious act ... " regardless of their affiliations .
from the latin , " murmur " , a soft - sounded and quiet utterance , often where the speaker does not want to be known .
voice input ( speech recognition ) they convert the utterance of a person into digital signals .
every part of speech in sesotho which is somehow connected with a noun ( either by qualifying it , associating it with an action or state , or standing in its place in an utterance ) needs to be brought into agreement with the noun .
in 2003 , tamaki , in what he described as a prophetic utterance , predicted that destiny would be " ruling the nation " within five years .
as he closed his final appeal , his people hung breathless upon his words , and each seemed more anxious than the other to catch his ever utterance . ' men of america , citizens of this great country hanging upon the precipice of war , loyalty to england lies behind you , broken by the acts of the mother country -- a cruel mother , deaf to the voice of liberty and right ; duty to freedom , duty to your country , duty to god , is before you ; your patriotism is brought to the test ; i call upon those ready to volunteer for the defence of the provinces against british tyranny to step into the ' broad aisle . '
if peter utters the sentence without the intention to keep the promise , or if eventually he does not keep it , then although something is not in order with the utterance , the problem is not that the sentence is false : it is rather " unhappy " , or " infelicitous " , as austin also says in his discussion of so - called felicity conditions .
finally , helen 's utterance of " wah - wah " is consistent within the dramatic unity of the play and film .
it should be noted , however , that koko does try many other , seemingly random , signs translated as " words " before and after this " utterance " , seemingly in order to achieve the same goal - obtaining a treat from patterson .
69:40 certainly , this is the utterance of a noble messenger .
michael silverstein has argued that " nonreferential " or " pure " indexes do not contribute to an utterance 's referential meaning but instead " signal some particular value of one or more contextual variables . "
gerontius 's next utterance is a full - blown aria " sanctus fortis " , a long " credo " that eventually returns to expressions of pain and fear .
with the hypercorrection , " i have no idea - r " is used even at the end of an utterance .
these are supposed to be elements , or aspects of linguistic devices which indicate either ( dependent on which conceptions of " illocutionary force " and " illocutionary act " are adopted ) that the utterance is made with a certain illocutionary force , or else that it constitutes the performance of a certain illocutionary act .
at the moment of the utterance “
ochs and schieffilen also claim that facial features , gestures , as well as other non - linguistic indices may actually help specify the general information provided by the linguistic features and augment the pragmatic meaning of the utterance .
since a word spoken in isolation ( as for example when a lexicographer determines which syllables are stressed ) acquires this additional tonic stress , it may appear to be inherent in the word itself rather than derived from the utterance in which the word is spoken .
these amulets carry the bearer , upon utterance of necessary incantations , between worlds .
for example , chomsky ( 1964:78 ) " assume[s ] that each utterance of any language can be uniquely represented as a sequence of phones , each of which can be regarded as an abbreviation for a set of features . "
he claimed that he then held kercher as she gave her last utterance : " a - f " , which he wrote on the wall in her blood .
speaking of " truth , " virtually the alphabet , also called man , he says ( 69 ) that she " is the fountain of every speech , and the beginning of every voice , and the utterance of everything unutterable , and the mouth of the unspoken sigé ( " tês siôpômenês sigês " ) .
for example , a dog may recognize baby talk as his owner 's invitation to play ( as is a dog 's natural " play bow " ) ; a cat may learn to come when addressed with the high - pitched utterance , " heeeeere kitty- kitty - kitty - kitty- kitty- kitty ! "
a simple declarative sentence can be turned into an interrogative utterance by the use of the question marker " à " at the end of the sentence .
this is the place where love , grief , loss , endings , and beginnings are given utterance : to whisper , weep , laugh , and reflect as they move through lives both ghostly and grand . "
utterance in high metaphor , which mystified his clients not a little ; but at the same time his
when describing units of perception , liberman later abandoned articulatory movements and proceeded to the neural commands to the articulators and even later to intended articulatory gestures , thus " the neural representation of the utterance that determines the speaker ’s production is the distal object the lister perceives " .
but the fact must be noted , which no one has so far brought forward , namely , that every single utterance of balaam is called a sentence ( " mashal " ; numbers 23:7 , 23:18 , 24:3 , 24:15 , 24:20 , 24:23 ) , while in the prophetic books this term is not applied to the prophecies .
speculative mood ( abbreviated ) is an epistemic grammatical mood found in some languages , which indicates that the utterance is based on speculation of the speaker , and not actually known to be the case .
the results show that language is processed incrementally , as an utterance unfolds , and that visual information and context play a role in the processing .
these deletions and neutralizations show variability in their occurrence , even with the same speaker in the same utterance , implying that nondeleted forms exist in the underlying structure .
it is not logically contradictory to say that a statement about narratives is itself a narrative , just as when lyotard states that " every utterance [ in a language game ] should be thought of as a ' move ' in a game " his statement is itself a ' move ' in a language game .
jhansi got its name from this utterance .
the first exercise consists of intentionally practicing " self - deception " - gurdjieff explains that repeating aloud " i am " , and accompanying this utterance by focusing on a real or imagined feeling of resonance within oneself , serves as a method of depositing an imagined property into a person 's subconscious or into his " passive state " ( as he calls it ) .
- defined as " physically embodied , culturally emergent entities " - he treats as examples of " human utterance " .
a running gag throughout the series is the repeated utterance of the word " berwyn " , the name of a chicago suburb .
claiming " khaji da " ( the combined utterance of " khaji " , the codeword for " infiltrator " and " da " , its own serial number ) as its name , the scarab has sided with reyes against the reach .
the letter x is used to signify an arbitrary lexical category ; when analyzing a specific utterance , specific categories are assigned .
he quotes the encyclical mystici corporis of pope pius xii , as a key document : " consider , then , this splendid utterance of our predecessor : "
sentence processing takes place whenever a reader or listener processes a language utterance , either in isolation or in the context of a conversation or a text .
his commanding stature , the symmetry of his form , the dark and melancholy beauty of his countenance , rather rendered piquant than impaired by an obliquity of vision , produced an imposing impression even before his deep and powerful voice had given utterance to its melodious thunders ; and harsh and superficial half - truths enunciated with surpassing ease and grace of gesture , and not only with an air of absolute conviction but with the authority of a prophetic messenger , in tones whose magical fascination was inspired by an earnestness beyond all imitation of art , acquired a plausibility and importance which , at least while the orator spoke , made his audience entirely forgetful of their preconceived objections against them .
moreover , an utterance can have different meanings depending on how it is split into words .
i am uneasy , however , about his final reference to ' the world - view ... ' for the poem as a whole is equally an utterance by a dramatically presented speaker , and none of its statements is proffered for our endorsement as a philosophical generalization of unlimited scope .
here " cup " as an utterance signifies a cup as an object , but " cup " as a term of the language english is being used to supposit for the wine contained in the cup .
and when a speaker delivers the utterance , " my husband is a lawyer " , it implies that the speaker is married to a man .
he is reported to have said : abū hurayrah reported : the messenger of allah ( sws ) said : say ᾱmīn when the imam says amīn , for if anyone 's utterance of ᾱmīn synchronises with that of the angels , he will be forgiven his past sins .
likewise , even though sentence - final particles can usually be omitted from a sentence without making the sentence ungrammatical or changing its meaning , some particles do contain information critical to the interpretation of an utterance 's meaning , such as mandarin " le " 了.
“ heard one half of a case and reported the other " , although the source of this utterance is disputed .
nevertheless , such texts do have the merit of giving an impression of what a coherent utterance in pie might have sounded like .
faulty as it is , he decides it as by far his special and entire self - chosen poetic utterance . "
however , in later writings , especially in bhartrihari ( 6th c. ad ) , the notion of " sphota " changes to become more of a mental state , preceding the actual utterance , akin to the psycholinguistic lemma .
maestri ’s most famous utterance came when dining with president franklin roosevelt on oysters at new orleans’ antoine ’s restaurant , when maestri blurted “
like all savages they are liars , and certainly would not scruple at the utterance of any falsehood which might , in their opinion , shield them from the vengeance of the white man . "
english experimental band current 93 covered the song " diana " from " first utterance " on their studio album " horsey " .
however , it considers articulatory gestures , not binary acoustic features , to be the physical units of which any utterance is made up .
instead of announcing the opening words in a monotone or in any of the familiar declamatory phrases , a hazzan of south germany prefixed a long , sighing tone , falling to a lower note and rising again , as if only sighs and sobs could find utterance before the officiant could bring himself to inaugurate the day of atonement .
other versions are looser , where even an accidental utterance , such as when calling someone else with the same name , or in the case of a homonymic phrase ( " share on"/"sharon " ) , is enough to release the jinxed person .
his cryptic utterance that " all things come to be in accordance with this " logos " , " ( literally , " word , " " reason , " or " account " ) has been the subject of numerous interpretations .
comus is a british progressive rock / folk band which had a brief career in the early 1970s ; their first album , " first utterance " , gave them a cult following which persists .
why do we return to a time before utterance
it was during the negotiations to purchase the truce necessary to secure the roman retreat to the wall that the first recorded utterance , attributable with any reasonable degree of confidence , to a native of scotland was made ( as recorded by dio cassius ) .
the difference among these tenses is primarily one of degrees of temporal distance from the time of utterance .
the public utterance of the sentence and its context changes the judge 's meaning to something like " there will be a surprise hanging despite my having told you that there will be a surprise hanging " .
they were said to speak in " other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance " ( according to acts , ch .
according to benveniste " quaeso " would mean " i use the appropriate means to obtain " or according to morani " i wish to obtain , try and obtain " while " precor " designates the utterance of the adequate words to achieve one 's aim .
a key component of the notion of preference in semantics was that the interpretation of an utterance is not a well- or ill - formed notion , as was argued in chomskyan approaches , such as those of jerry fodor and jerrold katz .
when asked why , the composer replied , " i think it is because of my belief that vocal utterance is the basis of music 's mystery . "
an animal song is a repetitive vocal utterance of animals such as birds and whales .
technically , however , raoul 's statement was true , because the explicature—"at the time of utterance , jim and raoul had passed chicago and were not yet in seattle "— was true .
the court left for a later day the question of whether it is constitutional or unconstitutional to prohibit , without reference to the utterance of words , the burning of the flag ( see " texas v. johnson " ) .
the " bani " , gurus inspired utterance , had always been the object of highest reverence for the sikhs as well as for the gurus themselves .
according to this conception , the utterance of " i bet you five pounds that it will rain " may well have an illocutionary force even if the addressee does n't hear it .
almost his only public utterance in two decades was to put his name to a letter by other uk nobel laureates protesting about the iraq war .
the lord 's utterance / saying remains forever ”
this utterance is believed to be inspired directly by the holy spirit and requires a natural language interpretation , made by the speaker or another person if it is to be understood by others present .
kraepelin was able not only to record the deviant speech in his dreams , but also the intended utterance ( which was lacking in the deviant speech of his patients , who clearly can not cross the boundary from psychosis to reality ) .
the utterance of a phatic expression is a kind of speech act .
this process allows the human mind to construct an ongoing cognitive simulation of the meaning of an utterance coded in linguistic abstractions through the use of perceptual realities derived from one 's embodied experience .
excited utterance .
code switching , that is , changing between languages at some point in a sentence or utterance , is a commonly used communication strategy among language learners and bilinguals .
spotiswood , his successor , eulogises him as a man of good learning , ready utterance , and great invention , but of too easy a nature .
the /z/ phoneme , for instance , can actually be pronounced as the [ s ] phone or the [ z ] phone because /z/ is frequently devoiced in fluent speech , especially at the end of an utterance .
