residents of georgia , particularly savannah , georgia , began spending vacations at bullochville , georgia in the late 18th century as a way to escape yellow fever , finding the number of warm springs in the vicinity of bullochville very attractive .
the newest it is than it has added system rss of the news to his web including a finder of flights , hotels and vacations ; a great amount of videos of trips in the section of interactive television exists in its website .
camp lodges and cabins can be rented throughout the rest of the year for retreats and vacations .
the five unaccompanied minors return when spencer and his sister katherien travel in hoover to vancouver to pass a vacations with his cousins and grace his new girlfriend .
" férias frustradas do pica - pau " ( roughly translates as " woody woodpecker 's frustrated vacations " ) is a platform game developed and published by tectoy for the sega mega drive and the sega master system .
lilly was an avid fisherman and built a family cottage on lake wawasee in 1887 , where he had enjoyed regular vacations and recreation since 1880 .
mccain , his family , and their baby - sitter had made nine trips at keating 's expense , sometimes aboard keating 's jet ; three of the trips were made during vacations to keating 's opulent bahamas retreat at cat cay .
most of the people of baljurashi live outside it , in summer vacations the population of the city almost double due to people from outside the city .
while she was there , she worked for " the daily telegraph " in her vacations .
in 1971 , tired of writing and producing records by bland , commercial artists , he took advantage of a label director 's vacations and produced sociedade da grã - ordem kavernista apresenta sessão das dez , an avant - garde album featuring himself , singer sergio sampaio , samba artist miriam batucada and edy star .
program work and of travel operates only in a period official summer vacations .
for example , american airlines have launched a specific lgbt targeted vacations website .
at the end of each term , there are regular vacations .
the state also reported an increase in unpaid vacations and reduced working week employees to 149.3 thousands .
helped by his diplomatic career , he became the austrian consul general in nice , jellinek began selling automobiles , mainly french makes , to european aristocrats spending winter vacations in the region .
the population of the town doubles when the expatriates return to spend their summer vacations in their ancestral home .
many of the channel 's personalities routinely pull double - duty ( or more ) — hosting both daytime and nighttime programming — and the channel regularly offers specials which typically either follow its personalities on working vacations , or bring together a number of personalities for a themed cooking event .
the current chairman of virgin vacations is richard branson .
in cooperation with mlt worry free vacations , frontier also offers non - stop twice weekly scheduled charter service between both dallas / ft worth and denver to cancún .
in the show 's finale , which aired to over 3.4 million viewers ( the all - time record for a non - wrestling show on tnn / spike up to that time ) , gould learned the truth and received the $ 100,000 prize for which he was " competing , " along with the two vacations and a new plasma tv .
the town started its development as a ski resort in the 1910s when the rothschild family started to spend their winter vacations there after becoming disenchanted with the swiss resort : st. moritz .
during his summer vacations , he worked in a textile mill .
meetings are scheduled for the third or fourth wednesday of every month except where this clashes with vacations or school activities .
the marine biological association set up a laboratory in plymouth , and weldon and his wife began spending all their vacations there undertaking research .
however , half - days and short paid vacations were possible due to the nature of the piece - work ; one girl would work the machines of another in addition to her own such that no wages would be lost .
thousands of french tourists canceled their vacations to guadeloupe as a result of the strike .
his vacations were spent sketching in the white mountains , in cuba and in mexico .
they also took vacations together on occasion , but the romance did not last .
during school vacations the club operates a ski school .
" balaklavs'ki kanikuly " ( « balaklava 's vacations » ) , international festival .
eventually , wiawaka added workshops covering different skills to add an additional dimension to the guests’ vacations .
on 20 june 1838 , molé succeeded in having the assembly vote the 1839 budget before the parliamentary vacations .
divisions iv and v establish the amount , length and pay for vacations and holidays .
they also distributed welfare benefits , operated cultural and sports facilities , issued passes to health and vacation centers , oversaw factory and local housing construction , provided catering services , and awarded bonuses and prepaid vacations .
igor and denis were the first members of the band , having met one another during their vacations , way back in 2002 .
in may 2002 , virgin vacations became a separate company after partnering with other airline carriers traveling to various worldwide destinations .
( cite - voluntourism.org ) volunteer vacations are not alternative breaks because participants arrive as individuals with no prior preparation with educational components or group building .
she vacations in palm springs and hollywood with friends and hosts her website .
in his first years as a machinist and draftsman , he spent his vacations traveling by bicycle over country roads between rhode island and vermont and new hampshire .
paid vacations ( seafarers ) convention ( revised ) , 1949 ( shelved ) is an international labour organization convention .
the next big change came in 1925 , when british civil servants began to receive subsidies for taking their annual vacations in england , and , consequently , many stopped going to the hill stations in the summers .
a hilton grand vacations company timeshare opened on the site in 1999 .
the rocket " publishes every friday during the academic semester with the exception of holidays , exam periods and vacations .
such theft is a rude awakening to the state of corruption in kerala to tourists and expatriates returning for vacations .
viking vacations range from eight to 17 days along europe ’s rhine , main , danube , seine , saône , rhône , and elbe rivers ; russia ’s volga and svir ; ukraine 's dnieper and china ’s yangtze .
thind had gained some understanding of the american mind by interacting with students and teachers at the university and with common people by working in lumber mills of oregon and washington during summer vacations to support himself while at uc berkeley .
david , his mother , their extended family , and david 's roommate and friend dot all end up stranded on a small island , hulligan 's wharf , which the family owns and uses for vacations .
a workaholic ca n't take vacations and i take four weeks a year " ( june 30 , 1985 ) .
prohías took part in these vacations when possible , but as a cuban exile , he had trouble gaining admission into some countries , and in italy was actually turned away .
it is located at 15 , rue de l'ecole de médecine , les cordeliers , paris , france , and open weekdays except holidays and university vacations .
jamestown became a destination for both day trips and summer vacations .
during summer vacations in seal harbor , maine , catharine dated john d. rockefeller iii for a time .
his long vacations were declared to not be an issue on account of telecommuting ; he could do his job just as well in florida as in new york .
in the christmas episode , " a cruella christmas " , since she was a child , cruella wanted a dalmatian puppy but her parents always go on vacations , leaving her with a foreign nanny and clothes for gifts .
those who do not have a tertiary education will have a three month training when reaching military age , whereas those who are receiving tertiary education will have to complete the training in summer vacations .
the freedom summer project provided legal services donated by lawyers from three organizations , medical services provided by specialists who rotated through , usually during their summer vacations , and teams of ministers who came to work on voter registration under the direction of rev. bob beech of the national council of churches ministry , which also sponsored a local ministers’ union .
paid vacations ( seafarers ) convention , 1946 .
a small french town made him an honorary citizen for his paintings showing the town during his several vacations there .
the telluride tourism board is dedicated to providing visitors with the most up - to - date information and ensuring that vacations to the telluride region are easy , efficient and enjoyable .
he was educated at blundell 's school and won a scholarship in 1801 , to study for the ministry at corpus christi college , oxford , also attending the lectures of john kidd on mineralogy and chemistry , as well as developing an interest in geology and carrying out field research on strata , during vacations .
in recent years , " bite - sized " volunteer vacations have grown in popularity .
he frequently takes overseas vacations , which take him out of town for extended periods of time , leading to the headline " mayor visits city " in the " springfield shopper " .
he used his vacations to explore america .
on vacations with his own family , bettwy could not resist detours along old highways and backroads , often unmaintained and treacherous .
restored trekschuits are chic venues for weddings or other parties in the summer , while larger antique barges are transformed into traveling hotels offering cruise vacations .
in the summer of 2007 , at the initiative of the serbian broadcasting company ( rts ) and the belgrade chronicle television programme , swimming pool tickets were bought for belgrade kids who were unable to spend their vacations by the seaside .
ferengi culture is so devoted to unregulated capitalism that concepts such as labor unions , sick leave , vacations , or paid overtime for workers are considered abhorrent , because they would interfere with the exploitation of workers .
jardim dos namorados is located right next to costa azul park and occupies an area of 15 hectares in pituba , where many families used to spend their vacations in the 1950s .
launched in 2008 , it aggregates information from thousands of other travel sites and evaluates each destination 's sustainability in order to help users find and book sustainable vacations .
resorts grew up around the beaches at seaside , newport , and rockaway , and the newly completed railroads brought tourists from the population centers of the willamette valley for weekend vacations .
it is open friday , saturday , sunday , and school vacations .
from that point forward , any new vacations which are taken ( without making use of the optional tour ) will begin with a random girl approaching and requesting to become partners , although the player can refuse them if desired .
it is believed that he vacationed as much as he did in 1943 - 1945 at the little white house because his real love for vacations , sailing on the atlantic , was too dangerous to do during wartime , even if it was just on inland waterways like the chesapeake bay or the potomac river .
it also runs three- and five - day courses during school vacations .
during summer vacations jablonskis collected data among native speakers in lithuania for his linguistic studies .
the population of fuheis increases to about 20,000 in the summer , as many of the city residents immigrated to the the united states and europe , and come back to spend their summer vacations in fuheis .
from the very first moment , she fell in love with the making of films and returned every time she had vacations from school .
john paul ii has spent seven summer vacations in valle d’aosta , and one large alpine mountain on the border with france has been named after him .
bill clinton and hillary clinton spent weeklong summer vacations in 1998 and 1999 .
westjet entered into a two - year agreement with air transat in august 2003 whereby westjet 737 aircraft would be filled by transat 's two main tour operators , world of vacations and air transat holidays .
patriarch parthenius iii died of a heart attack in 1996 , during his vacations in the greek islands .
during his summer vacations , he bought suntan lotion on consignment and then sold it blanket to blanket on the beaches of florida , living off the profits .
there are no laws requiring an employer to grant paid vacations to its employees in massachusetts .
farley is on the board of governors for the new york press club , has done seminars on etiquette for new york university and is an ardent proponent of volunteer vacations , having both organized and written about them .
wright was a keen traveller spending most vacations on the continent of europe collecting natural history specimens and
in july 1986 , she appeared as a guest vj on mtv , which led to her making regular appearances for the next four years during her summer vacations .
joe worked on the renovation of the alburg springs house on weekends and vacations while working his day job at a steel mill , american steel and wire in his native worcester , ma .
approximately 9,300,000 children had vacations in these camps that year .
undergraduates are also expected to prepare heavily in the three holidays ( known as the christmas , easter and long vacations ) .
the main shopping area in mohandesin is called sour nadi el zamalik , which is a magnetic location for arab tourists that visit cairo in the summer and on vacations .
after the acquisition of universal studios of vivendi universal by nbc 's parent company general electric in 2004 , contestants could get vacations , in order to promote the theme park division of nbc universal , at universal orlando or get trips to universal studios in hollywood .
despite his stressful schedule and according to his sons , he always made time to spend with his family to include vacations and outings .
common products and services for which no - frills brands exist include airlines , supermarkets , vacations and automobiles .
even before she finished her graduation , she completed her telugu debut film " ottessi chepputunna " during her vacations .
until 2008 it was a gay disco , popular with new york 's male gay community who travel in to asbury park on budget vacations .
the eight hour shifts allowed vacations and absences to be covered by splitting shifts or working double shifts .
during his services at the college , wadia spent his vacations in the foot - hills of the himalayas to get famililarised with their geology .
waters ' logo designs include " amtrak vacations " . " pfizer150 " , " visaphone " and " mci worldphone " .
at age 8 his father built him a telegraph transmitter and taught him morse code ; by age 10 he was working as a relief telegraph operator during summer vacations .
its brands include trafalgar tours , insight vacations and contiki tours .
warwick was the first uk university to open its lecture and accommodation facilities to outside organisations , for profit , during the vacations .
many tourists come during their vacations .
the islands were believed to have lost millions of dollars in tourism revenue due to cancelled vacations and closed hotels .
some vacations are best savored in your own back yard ”
here and in their route until villarrica beaches are located , villarrica volcano , and different places to spend their vacations .
he earned stately fees through commissions from english and american socialites who spent their winter vacations on the côte d'azur .
people from other parts of the country spend their summer vacations there .
president eisenhower lived at what is now called the eisenhower house during his summer vacations in 1958 and 1960 .
music corporation of america ( mca ) , which booked the most famous bands in the country , booked the auburn knights for summer - long engagements during their summer vacations from school .
his brother would often accompany him on these vacations , as would john minto .
wyndham rewards members have the option of earning wyndham rewards points , which can be redeemed for shopping and dining gift certificates , airline tickets & miles , rail miles , and merchandise such as electronics , appliances and sporting goods , resort vacations , free entertainment and more .
andrés is portrayed as a very arrogant person , who gives no vacations on christmas to his employees and ignores his mother 's advices .
the creightons were inveterate travelers , spending many vacations in italy .
tommy was a teacher in a british boarding school in his first appearance in " drink to yesterday " and , during school vacations , a spy in germany for the foreign office .
school holidays ( also referred to as vacations , breaks and recess ) are the periods during which schools are closed for study .
some say hedonism has fueled the " au naturel " all - inclusive vacations that are now prominent in the caribbean , and resorts such as desires in mexico .
many albanians from tirana spend their summer vacations on the beaches of durrës .
boasso began his own company cleaning storage tanks for local companies during summer vacations .
wilhelm developed a penchant for archaeology during his vacations on corfu , a passion he retained in his exile .
" by the time he left office in 1947 , he enjoyed palatial homes , european vacations , and a private suite at the plaza hotel .
during vacations , he also lived in his gosdacha in zavidovo .
he was also spending his vacations in his mother 's native vereşti .
the children had tutors from japan , purebred horses , motorbikes , sports cars , and first - class vacations with blank - check spending . "
menzel earned an internship at princeton university , and spent summer vacations at harvard university as a research assistant to harlow shapley .
under the control of the romans , the city was a renowned seaside resort where some of the richest roman citizens passed their summer vacations .
the board of welfare was willing to pay for his regular expenses but not for private vacations in the country .
besides wisconsin public television 's stations during school recesses and vacations , wvcy was the the final commercial station in the state until the start of 2010 to go off - the - air every night .
they typically provide an introduction to a broader subject over a period of ten weeks , these are generally timed during vacations at conventional universities in order to take advantage of their facilities .
another reason which is not very clearly shown might be that she thought simon was returning - whereas he only came for vacations - and they might get back together ( because it would no longer be a long - distance relationship ) .
the airline also offers vacation packages through its allegiant vacations affiliate .
global volunteers assists community development programs worldwide by mobilizing short - term volunteers on local work programs called " volunteer vacations " and through direct project funding and child sponsorships .
the company made the most acquisitions in 2002 , when it acquired three companies : classic custom vacations , metropolitan travel , and newtrade technologies .
from 1948 to 1959 he did plant chromosome research in zaragoza in spain and spent his summers and vacations in sweden working with professor albert levan in lund .
in a large market , a successful radio station can pay a full time director of promotions , and run several lotteries per month of vacations , automobiles and other prizes .
coleridge virtually became a member of the gillman family and even accompanied them on annual vacations .
film historian david bordwell writes that in his films , " vacations , parties and artistic pursuits are vain efforts to conceal the characters ' lack of purpose and emotion .
the manor where chopin stayed during his summer vacations in 1824 and 1825 , has been turned into a museum .
it was subsequently revised in 1949 by convention c91 - paid vacations ( seafarers ) convention ( revised ) , 1949 ( shelved ) .
annual vacations were under threat if deficiencies emerged within the unit , and the pressure created enormous stress .
yet broad support remains for bartz despite the tough talk , canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era .
he spent vacations at raby castle , which was owned by henry vane , 1st earl of darlington , the grandson of christopher vane .
there has been increasing demand for yacht vacations and many experienced and semi - experienced ‘
the hit songs " a million vacations " and " paradise skies " remain as canadian classic rock radio station staples .
nonetheless many estonians maintain a fondness for a rural lifestyle close to nature , and it is a very typical practice to visit a summer cottage in the countryside during vacations .
poet angelos sikelianos spent his vacations there and wrote a poem has the name of the village .
southwest airlines vacations .
the casual form of the game of pétanque is played by about 17 million people in france , mostly during their summer vacations .
word of mouth from friends and family , with an average of 58% , was the leading reason for visiting costa rica for vacations and leisure .
during school vacations , he kept the books for his father , a commission merchant , and also worked in a woolen mill .
their readers were " travel minded " : taking a median 3.5 vacations per year with 56.6% owning valid passports ; and " bon vivant " : 81.6% regularly drinking vodka , 81.3% scotch , 70.3% gin , 63.5% champagne .
indeed , with the regular daytime population of nearly 400,000 of baguio city , which triples during holy week and christmas vacations , the waste that has accumulated in irisan has formed a mountainous heap of methane - emitting , degrading waste in the
in 2003 , usa3000 airlines began service to florida and has recently expanded to include international destinations in the caribbean , mostly selling tickets through apple vacations .
examples include hiking , cycling , and mountain climbing vacations .
the hilton grand vacations company , llc is a leading operator of timeshare resorts with properties in california , canada , colorado , florida , hawaii , mexico , nevada , new york , portugal and scotland .
he served as the acting minister in september 1996 , when minister anatoly kulikov was on vacations .
some of the family 's time was spent away from the home on vacations in their summer home in scottsdale , arizona .
beach vacations and blue cruise , particularly for turkish city - dwellers and visitors from western europe , are also central to the turkish tourism industry .
he is one of the many performers on the 2009 r family vacations summer cruise from july 11 , 2009 through july 18 .
between 1960 and 2004 in " orlyonok " had vacations 800,000 children , with the present count at 19,500 per year .
travelocity replaced previous show regular sponsors american airlines vacations and royal caribbean international .
he had accepted free vacations from former brooklyn democratic leader meade esposito in exchange for using his influence to help a ship - repair company that was a major client of esposito 's insurance agency .
in 1970 , he opened his own hotel belroy in benidorm and until 1978 would remain the only belgian tour operator who offered flight vacations to benidorm .
all over the school and high school years , he often traveled in his vacations to venezuela to join his family , and in 1913 he decided to continue his studies in the academy of fine arts munich , but in 1914 , the first world war interrupted his studies , and he went back to venezuela .
summer vacations were sometimes spent at the family 's teoc plantation , but mccain always felt his heritage was military , not southern .
this term is not used in the book , but is a pejorative term used by locals in northern michigan referring to tourists that come ' up north ' from the metropolitan southern areas on their vacations .
" a million vacations " was the fourth album by canadian rock band max webster .
the chambre de la tournelle , entrusted with criminal cases , was built in 1519 and the chambre des vacations was not set up until 1547 .
they have only been apart for three weeks in their entire lives when they took separate vacations at marian 's suggestion .
but when i returned from my vacations , vicente soriano said that he did not want me to leave valencia .
he first started competitive swimming at age 9 coached by his father robert cusack and then later during his summer vacations he would travel to brisbane to train with his uncle arthur cusack at the centenary pool , brisbane where his uncle was the lessee of the pool .
in 2007 , all roads proved inadequate to handle an unexpected surge of romanian motorists looking for all inclusive deals during the easter and may day vacations , causing massive traffic jams and accidents .
now and then holte also piloted the royal norwegian navy gunboat hnoms " sleipner " , which on many occasions accompanied wilhelm ii of germany on his vacations in norway .
metcalfe mused about love , friendship , life , religion , time , old age , youth , candy , vacations , holidays , envy and numerous other subjects .
the southern part on the sea is very well known to tourists from many countries as a place for summer vacations .
the beach and the neighbouring island are part of a nature reserve : here the famous singer - songwriter domenico modugno spent his vacations , and died here in 1994 .
he was also the father of nine children , who with his wife formed a seemingly privileged family , which dined together , had vacations at the beach , learned musical instruments , and were instilled with their vietnamese identity .
it is home to a few camps being operated mostly by local people catering to tourists looking for outdoor vacations .
the staff of the show wanted to do a summer episode because there was " so much stuff " about summer vacations that they felt had to be covered in an episode .
she attended a roman catholic girls ' school and led a life structured by the jewish holiday calendar and summer vacations in ischl .
similarly , shih shao - pei of the " kai - tsu p'ai " rebuked chinese critics of nazism by saying " we in china [ ... ] have heard too much about the ' national ' and other flagwaving activities of the nazis , and not enough about the ' socialist ' work they are doing . " shih shao - pei wrote about reports of improved working conditions in german factories , the vacations given to employees by " kraft durch freude " , improved employer - employee relations , and the provision of public service work camps for the unemployed .
overnight and during these vacations , the station broadcasts a pre - set playlist which is adapted each week .
most families stay on the island for the duration of their vacations .
dane vacations in greece while a civil war is underway .
in case of events like mid - semester and semester exams and vacations , college going students ( other than concerned one ) are recruited for the purpose of teaching and to ensure the continuity and regularity in the study of the children .
during vacations , the school has a vacation program for students and during summer there is a camp , with participants ranging from three years old through teens .
the lake huron beaches in and around harrisville ( including two state parks ) have been recognized as being among the " top ten in michigan . " " old - fashioned lake vacations abound on this pretty stretch of lake huron . "
managers for example grant permits to congregational members who wish to leave their congregations for vacations or to take jobs outside of the church district .
in 2000 , preliminary discussions began at apple vacations to outline the organization and launch of an airline .
it was on these fishing vacations that he experimented freely with the watercolor medium , producing works of the utmost vigor and subtlety , hymns to solitude , nature , and to outdoor life .
tourists wanting to take their vacations in bekkefaret can spend the night at mosvangen camping , lakeside mosvannet .
in june 1957 koestler gave a lecture at a symposium in alpbach , austria , and fell in love with the village ; bought land there , had a house built and for the next twelve years used it as a place for summer vacations and for organising symposia .
contestants from other reality shows , like " the amazing race " , " survivor " , " american idol " , " the apprentice " , and " the real world " , played for a grand prize and other bonus prizes such as cars and vacations .
while kostek - biernacki argued he was in kraków on vacations and did not take part in the riot , he was openly accused by some members of parliament and the press of attempting to start a workers ' revolution with the aim of overthrowing the government .
in 2007 , zoom vacations won the international gay and lesbian travel association ( iglta ) award for best website promoting gay travel .
the lake huron beaches in and around alcona township ( including two state parks ) have been recognized as being among the " top ten in michigan . " " old - fashioned lake vacations abound on this pretty stretch of lake huron . "
harmony vacations offer packages to : las vegas , primm ( primm valley ) , palm springs ( seasonally ) , honolulu , oahu , maui , kauai , and hawaii ( " the big island " ) .
after surviving breast cancer , she vacations on the fictional caribbean island st. antoine .
cooking vacations .
rosie and kelli currently operate r family vacations , a travel company geared towards gay and lesbian families .
nassau hall offers the additional benefit of long - stay accommodations over vacations and in between semesters for students who are from out of state .
having decided upon the adoption of certain proposals with regard to revision of the paid vacations ( seafarers ) convention ( revised ) , 1949 ( no .
the trend is in the direction of vacations with pay for all groups of employees . ”
during one of the summer vacations , he worked as a circus roustabout in order to save enough money to travel to italy .
every year , students in groups of four or five shall finish one big project in their summer vacations .
the british royal family regularly took vacations in biarritz : european royalty such as queen victoria , edward vii , and alfonso xiii of spain were frequent visitors .
shows were held daily during winter vacations and during the weekends in the last few weeks of june , august and september .
during vacations he sang in a professional quartet at a mountain resort .
yet this first rapprochement of the chilean countryside , which gana experienced firsthand during his childhood summer vacations to the country near and around linares , does not reveal the depth and concern of baldomero lillo and other subsequent criollistas
travel agencies catering to nonrevs market surplus discounted vacations , and hotel accommodations at the last minute at deeply discounted rates , with the knowledge that nonrev travelers are able to travel to fill such accommodations with minimal advance planning .
in summer and fall 2004 , disney encouraged guests to send in their family pictures from disney vacations .
on school vacations , he would get up before dawn to haul produce to the abasto market in buenos aires .
companies such as r family vacations , ginch gonch and egotour and numerous others offer niche products and services for gay customers .
during his vacations rootham travelled in france , germany and switzerland , gaining fluency in french and german .
because of the camping , boating , fishing , snowmobiling , hunting , and hiking opportunities , many lower peninsula and wisconsin families spend their vacations in the u.p. tourists also go there from chicago and other metropolitan areas .
the stories involve several week - long vacations two children , joey and mary alice dowdel , spend with their resilient and crafty grandmother in rural illinois .
sometimes , schools use summer vacations to avoid kids being condensed in classrooms in hot weather .
while other major news anchors such as tom brokaw , peter jennings , and dan rather immediately left their vacations , brown did not come into the studio and instead continued playing golf .
in 2008 , flight centre acquired gogo worldwide vacations , a travel wholesaler with more than 40 locations in the u.s. and in canada .
they volunteer to come early , work through recess and stay as late as 6:00 pm , and also come to class during vacations and holidays .
after completing his engineering from prestigious apeejay college of engineering guragaon , dhruv was going to sydney to do his m i t. on vacations he came to mumbai and since then is living in this metro city .
šuplja stena is a non - residential , recreational complex which in the period of two decades ( 1970 - 90 ) grew into the one of the most popular children resorts , mostly for the group vacations organized by the belgrade 's elementary schools .
michael informs his visitors that an angel is allowed to take a certain number of " vacations " on earth , and he 's in the midst of one now ; trouble is , this is the last one he 's entitled to , and he wants to make the most of it .
summer school classes were added in 1985 and aimed at parents who wanted their children to have extra academic preparation during summer vacations .
the school is year - round and has vacations throughout the year , such as sept. 28th - october 13 .
later , he periodically visited darjeeling during the summer vacations and took residence in houses , such as ' langdale ' ( 1891 ) and ' hermitage ' ( 1916 ) there .
vacations , spent in elizabethtown , new york , were happier times .
adventure tourism is rapidly growing in popularity , as tourists seek different kinds of vacations .
on december 9 , 2009 sun country airlines introduced sun country vacations , a new program that allows customers to book hotels , flights and more in a single transaction . "
according to antonucci , plots for ' ed , edd n eddy ' are taken from his own memories of suburban life and what it was like to while away idle summer vacations .
he also worked on promoting skiing in the carpathians , danube cruises , the romanian wine country , countryside vacations and bukovina .
however , filipinos tend to feel the spirit of " kamayan " when eating amidst nature during out of town trips , beach vacations , and town fiestas .
another important step in the touristic development of the area was given in the first half of the 20th century in neighbouring estoril , in which a casino was built and the infrastructure for luxury vacations was created around monte estoril .
approximately fifty people volunteer their time with many of them taking vacations from work just to be part of the arby 's classic .
in september 1979 , it was revealed that jrcc had used money intended for overtime and other expenses for personal vacations , and it became the target of the board of audit of japan .
newly unionized , they could afford summer vacations at jewish mountain resorts .
during her vacations , she worked in refugee camps in france and algiers .
in 1864 he was appointed to help professor geddes with his greek classes , but he gave up the vacations to philosophical work .
this caused an increase to tourism in brazil , especially the beaches , and also made many locals cancel their vacations to international beaches opting to go somewhere local .
in 1998 and 1999 as talk surfaced that hillary clinton was considering a senate run from new york , they switched their summer vacations from martha 's vineyard .
new locations and resort areas such as mexico , cuba , the dominican republic and caribbean islands are now favoured by many quebecers to spend their traditional sunny one or two - week vacations .
york conferences is registered under york conference park ltd as a subsidiary trading company of the university of york ( york , uk ) and is the commercial body responsible for the organisation and management of conferences and events at three different venues : the university 's heslington campus during the easter and summer university vacations ; the king 's manor in york city centre ; and the national science learning centre also on the main campus , one of a number of science learning centre 's across the country .
henrik ibsen frequently spent his vacations at the mansion " moldegård " , visiting the family møller , and alexander kielland resided in the city as the governor of romsdals amt .
the fresh air fund is an independent , not - for - profit agency that provides free summer vacations to new york city children from low - income communities .
the band was successful in canada , with hits such as " a million vacations , " " let go the line " and " paradise skies " , although they never made it big outside of canada . " paradise skies " was a minor uk hit , reaching number 43 on the singles chart there .
many may have been residents of marseille , a french city with a large comoran population , headed home for a vacation ; the week of the accident marks the beginning of summer vacations for french school children .
a number of the characters in the series were based at least loosely on people that ransome knew from his vacations in the lake district and norfolk broads .
many of the travels are disguised as other type trips , such as vacations or family trips , otherwise the air attaché could be expelled for spying if caught doing so .
a year later the " matignon accords " were signed between léon blum and the leaders of the spring 1936 strikes , introducing the 40 hour work week and paid vacations .
thomas cook made a controversial business move in 2008 , buying out canadian travel wholesaler ifs voyages ( including fun sun vacations , intair , exotik tours , boomerang tours , etc ) .
these interruptions are frequently described as " sedation vacations " and have been shown to reduce the time patients stay on mechanical ventilation .
during summer vacations , gore worked on the family farm in carthage where the gores grew hay and tobacco and raised cattle .
mrs. auerbach fostered fierce loyalty among her employees and became a pioneer in the realm of employee benefits such as retirement plans , in - store hospitals , loans to employees in need , paid vacations , and at - cost meals .
zoom vacations .
during his summer vacations , he soon started flying in movies as a paid stunt pilot .
all money carries over between vacations , so that unspent " zack bucks " can be used by a different character selected on the next play - through .
