" carphophis vermis " is a small , non - venomous colubrid snake native to the united states .
being a colubrid , they are non - venomous .
in areas where the snake is regarded as even more venomous , it has been called the " fifty pacer . "
mencken 's most venomous assault was his withering obituary of bryan , " in memoriam : w.j.b , " in which mencken became one of the few people ever to accuse bryan of insincerity .
the noaa encourages everyone ( divers and fishers ) to be extremely cautious and avoid contact with the venomous spikes of the lionfish .
he also played for cape coast venomous vipers in the ghanaian division one league before joined sekondi hasaacas in 2003 and later moved to accra hearts of oak in 2005 .
mayhem exudes a green , venomous gas from her pores that tends to surround her .
the pulp is poulticed onto bites and stings of venomous insects , as is the powdered rind .
" eryx " is a genus of non - venomous boas found in southeastern europe , northern africa , the middle east and southwestern asia .
green snakes , rat or barn snakes and garden snakes are examples of non - venomous snakes seen across the hollows and wide bottoms along the major rivers , sharing habitat with the copperhead .
unfortunately , his experiments have also created some giant , venomous shrews .
" vipera ammodytes meridionalis " is a venomous viper subspecies found in greece and turkish thrace .
tiger snakes are a type of venomous serpent found in southern regions of australia , including its coastal islands and tasmania .
however , hameed meets qasim for the first time in " zahreela aadmi " ( the venomous man - # 87 ) which is faridi 's early days ' story .
" echis " is a genus of venomous vipers found in the dry regions of africa , the middle east , pakistan , india and sri lanka .
" corallus cookii " is a non - venomous boa species endemic to the island of st. vincent in the caribbean .
" trimeresurus brongersmai " is a venomous pitviper species found in indonesia on the island of simalur .
these snakes are venomous , but possess a weaker venom than many other rattlesnakes .
four species are venomous : two coral snakes ( " micrurus " spp . ) , the fer - de - lance ( " bothrops atrox " ) and the bushmaster ( " lachesis muta " ) .
the two known venomous species of lizard , the gila monster and mexican beaded lizard have never caused a human death by envenomation .
fluttering — but in vain ! the venomous tongue
semblance solemn / dignified , has a gentry demeanour , but character is actually venomous & opportunistic , to get what he wants would resort to all means , womanizer , a typical loafer of that shanghai period .
finally , the rock was kicked out after he failed to take back the wwf title from stone cold steve austin at backlash thanks to botched interference from shane mcmahon and spouting venomous remarks that caused shane to have the remaining corporation members attack him and beat him down .
brother leon is the ingratiating and slyly venomous assistant headmaster .
if she ’s able to tolerate this occasional venomous attack , which she has done quite well right up to now , it will probably be a very beneficial relationship ” ( 350 ) .
the common stingray can inflict a painful , though rarely life - threatening , wound with its venomous tail spine .
" uropeltis rubrolineata " is a non - venomous shield tail snake species found in southern india .
while slightly venomous , the brown tree snake is relatively harmless to human beings .
at least some species have venomous spines in their dorsal and pectoral fins .
the sinaloan milk snake ( " lampropeltis triangulum sinaloae " ) is an egg laying species of non - venomous colubrid snake .
can they uncover the venomous secrets of an evil snake cult to find the long - lost talisman of the cobra king ?
the pythonidae , commonly known simply as pythons , from the greek word python-πυθων , are a family of non - venomous snakes found in africa , asia and australia .
a dry bite is a bite by a venomous animal in which no venom is released .
" crotalus mitchellii pyrrhus " is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in the southwestern united states and northwestern mexico .
" hypnale hypnale " is a venomous pitviper species found in india and sri lanka .
" pantherophis " is a genus of non - venomous colubrid snakes found in north and central america .
" agkistrodon contortrix pictigaster " is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in the trans - pecos region of the united states , in western texas , and northeastern mexico .
the egyptian cobra ( " naja haje " ) is a venomous snake found in africa and the arabian peninsula .
all tarantulas are venomous , but only some species ( while not known to have ever produced human fatalities ) have venom that can produce extreme discomfort over a period of several days .
other local academic reactions , cristian vasile claims , were mostly motivated by covert sympathies for communist historiography among the " spiritually aged professors " ; vasile cites one academic 's comment that tismăneanu was an unprofessional and " one of the communist regime 's profiteers " , calling the statement " venomous " and presuming it to display " repulsion and envy " .
" atheris " is a genus of venomous vipers found only found in tropical subsaharan africa , excluding southern africa .
it is the most well - known venomous snake in the wealthy and heavily populated areas of southeastern brazil , where is was responsible for 52% ( 3,446 cases ) of snakebite between 1902 and 1945 with a 0.7% mortality rate ( 25 deaths ) .
, non - venomous snake ( adult length approx .
ortwin had at that time just finished a literary tournament with von dem busche , and had been made the laughing - stock of the literary world by the venomous " epistolae obscurorum virorum " , which were addressed to him ..
the 35th ( paratrooper ) brigade consists of three regular battalions , each carrying the name of a venomous snake .
this lightning is more devastating than regular lightning , and can kill even the strongest creatures . ) , vermintide ( a swarm of rats are summoned and travel in one direction , eating and hurting anything in its path , friend or foe . ) , pestilent breath ( a poisonous attack in which the wizard 's breath turns venomous and huge green cloud comes out of his mouth , killing or hurting most creatures that inhale it ) , death frenzy ( a dark cloud appears over the chosen squadron , and as they inhale its fumes , they become unnaturally murderous and violent , attacking savagely any enemy unit within the proximities , for better or worse ) , and plague spell , ( where a mini - plague is cast and affects the whole squadron , sometimes friendly units if they are in combat .
the family would be totally obscure if it were not for the fact that members of " cheiracanthium " are documented beneficial predators in agricultural fields and are also known to be mildly venomous to humans .
venomous concept is a hardcore punk band ; the name itself is a play on poison idea .
" micrelaps muelleri " is a venomous atractaspidid species found in the middle east .
1 " collects " down among the dead men " , " venomous " , and " the last stand " into a single volume .
it is the most venomous fish in the world .
" sistrurus miliarius " is a venomous pitviper species found in the southeastern united states .
the beaded lizard ( " heloderma horridum " ) is a species of venomous lizard found principally in mexico and southern guatemala .
according to jean de maleissye , mithridates assumed that animals feeding on venomous snakes acquired some detoxifying property in their bodies , and their blood must contain attenuated or transformed components of the snake venom .
the red - bellied black snake is common , but less venomous than other deadly snakes .
both krait species mentioned ( bungarus caeruleus , bungarus ceylonicus ) are highly venomous .
this snail is venomous , like all cone snails .
it is notable in that it is one of the few venomous mammals .
this happened when hushang hurled a flint rock to kill a venomous black serpent .
this pokémon protects itself with its venomous barbs .
the smooth green snake ( " opheodrys vernalis " , sometimes " liochlorophis vernalis " ) is a non - venomous north american snake , found in ontario , eastern canada , and almost every northern state in the u.s.
they are venomous but are not aggressive to divers .
the eyelash viper ( " bothriechis schlegelii " ) is a venomous pitviper species found in central and south america .
" crotalus totonacus " is a venomous pitviper species found in northeastern mexico .
convicts were cast into a deep pit containing venomous snakes , such as vipers .
he was a taxonomist of the highest order , and was responsible for the descriptions of innumerable species , among them pogonomyrmex maricopa , the most venomous insect in the world .
the galliwasp is erroneously believed to be venomous and is often killed on sight across the island .
it is not advisable to catch a snake to check whether it is venomous or not using scale diagrams .
" syanaceja horrida " is a species of venomous fish of the synanceiidae family , also known as estuarine stonefish or regionally as simply stonefish .
this centuries old temple complex in located inside swamimalai forest range and is said to be infested with venomous snakes like russell viper and spectacled cobras .
the white - lipped keelback ( " amphiesma leucomystax " ) is a non - venomous snake native to vietnam .
" trimeresurus erythrurus " is a venomous pitviper species found in india , bangladesh and burma .
" trimeresurus cornutus " is a venomous pitviper species found in vietnam .
" chironex fleckeri " , commonly known as sea wasp , is an infamous lethally venomous species of box jellyfish living in northern australia 's coastal waters .
" gyalopion " is a genus of small non - venomous colubrid snakes which are commonly referred to as hooknose snakes that are native to the southwest united states and mexico .
it is estimated that between 7,000 and 8,000 people are bitten by venomous snakes in the united states each year , and about five of those die .
he pursued heracles at the river anthemus but fell victim to an arrow that had been dipped in the venomous blood of the lernaean hydra , shot so forcefully by heracles that it pierced geryon 's forehead , " and geryon bent his neck over to one side , like a poppy that spoils its delicate shapes , shedding its petals all at once " .
venomous snakes are distributed unevenly throughout the united states — the vast majority of snake bites occur in warm weather states .
" bothriopsis " is a genus of venomous pitvipers found in eastern panama and most of northern south america .
" daboia " is a monotypic genus created for a venomous viper species , " d. russelii " , which is found in asia throughout the indian subcontinent , much of southeast asia , southern china and taiwan .
no venomous snakes inhabit tobago .
" crotalus molossus estebanensis " is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to san estéban island , mexico .
, a.i.m hires the serpent society to assassinate the villain , with the character being killed by the venomous death adder .
a venomous , doubly serrated tail spine is located just forward of the caudal fin .
the badger is among the fiercest hunters in its range , with prey including earthworms , insects , scorpions , porcupines , hares , ground squirrels , meerkats , mongooses , and larger prey such as tortoises , crocodiles up to one metre in size , young gazelle and snakes ( including pythons and venomous species ) .
" ovophis " is a genus of venomous pitvipers found in asia .
the zebra turkeyfish or zebra lionfish , " dendrochirus zebra " , is a carnivorous ray - finned fish with venomous spines that lives in the indian and western pacific oceans .
in late 2005 , university of melbourne researchers discovered that perenties ( " varanus giganteus " ) and other lizards , may be somewhat venomous .
sutherland 's autobiography , " a venomous life " was published in 1998 by highland house publishing , melbourne ( isbn 1 - 86447 - 026 - 7 ) .
currently , venomous is performing at the jmi / trump vodka 1st annual showcase in nassau , bahamas .
" anomalepis " is a genus of non - venomous blind snakes found in central and south america .
the first leg was played on 7 january 2009 , and alex ferguson continued his policy of selecting weakened sides in the carling cup , playing tomasz kuszczak in goal , darron gibson on the right of midfield and danny welbeck up front with carlos tévez , while cristiano ronaldo and wayne rooney were on the bench . despite there being a gulf of 35 league places between the two sides at the start of play , it was derby who looked more up for the game having two shots blocked at short range in the opening stages , before kris commons opened the scoring on the half hour with a venomous strike from 25 yards .
the snakes , preferably venomous ones , are not usually preserved for their meat but to have their " essence " and snake poison dissolved in the liquor .
the grass snake ( " natrix natrix " ) , sometimes called the ringed snake or water snake is a european non - venomous snake .
the viperinae , or viperines , are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in europe , asia and africa .
it is considered mildy - venomous , but moderate envenomations resulting in intense swelling have been reported , though there have been no severe cases of hospitalisation or fatalities .
the couple marries and spend little more than a year together before dying from a venomous sting in the garden .
a boomslang ( " dispholidus typus " ) is a relatively small , venomous colubrid snake native to sub - saharan africa .
" latrodectus variolus " , the northern black widow spider or northern widow , is a highly venomous spider species of the latrodectus genus in the theridiidae family .
her strong - willed persona has led reviewers to label the character as " venomous " , " sinister " " devious " , and " hard as nails " in " the grand tradition of landladies of the queen vic " , manipulating others to ensure matters go her way .
for many years it was generally believed by herpetologists that goannas were non venomous , and that lingering illness from their bites was due solely to infection and septicaemia as a result of their saliva being rife with bacteria from carrion and other food sources .
in return , the queen was reportedly venomous towards her during the five - year affair , continuing even after the affair really ended -- unaware that the king had taken another mistress .
the california kingsnake ( " lampropeltis getula californiae " ) is a non - venomous colubrid snake found in the western united states and northern mexico .
the painted desert glossy snake ( " arizona elegans philipi " ) is a subspecies of glossy snake , a non - venomous colubrid snake , found in the southwestern united states , from the far western tip of texas , through new mexico and into arizona , as well as into northern mexico .
the eastern tarantula has powerful long venomous fangs and can grow up to long with a leg span of or larger than the palm of a man ’s hand .
the chequered keelback or asiatic water snake ( xenochrophis piscator ) is a common species of non - venomous snake found in asia .
in several asian countries , such as japan and malaysia , patchouli is also used as an antidote for venomous snakebites ?
there is no evidence in well - preserved fossils for the opening of a venom gland , thus trigonotarbids were probably not venomous .
he collected a large number of venomous snakes which he handled himself when extracting their venom .
" causus resimus " is a venomous viper species found in isolated populations distributed across tropical africa .
" epicrates exsul " is a non - venomous boa species found in the bahamas .
according to the " naturalis historia " of pliny the elder , the basilisk of cyrene is a small snake , " being not more than twelve fingers in length " , that is so venomous that it leaves a wide trail of deadly venom in its wake , and its gaze is likewise lethal ; its weakness is in the odour of the weasel , which according to pliny , was thrown into the basilisk 's hole , recognisable because all the surrounding shrubs and grass had been scorched by its presence .
its body is often bound with snakeskin ( from pythons , imported from elsewhere in asia , rather than from okinawa 's venomous trimeresurus flavoviridis , which are too small for this purpose ) .
some deliver just a typical insect sting , while others are among the most venomous known insects .
the compilation is also notable for its amusingly venomous liner notes by paul morley ( under the pseudonym otto flake ) , attacking the new incarnation of the group .
he gives dent a venomous spider .
the child had extraordinary healing powers and was extremely venomous .
three ships of the united states navy have been named " asp " , named for the asp , which is a small venomous snake .
they have been both credited with being a grass - roots movement with an impact on local government , and villainized for being a group of " nit - picking blowhards , part of why town politics are so venomous . "
another key scripture they use to verify the claim that they can handle snakes without harm is acts 28:1 - 6 because paul was bitten by a venomous viper and suffered no harm .
their bodies are elongated and scaleless ; a strong spine guards the preopercle ( part of the gill cover ) , which has been reported to be venomous in some species .
" atheris desaixi " is a venomous viper species endemic to kenya , where only two isolated populations are known .
withering strands of hope assails the listener with hostile hardcore / grind and is a grand platform for the band 's venomous commentary .
bomber redeemed herself later , when she and spider were trapped below deck on a ship used to smuggle venomous snakes .
" crotalus simus " is a venomous pitviper species found in mexico and central america .
" not only did the gop bail on one of their own , they installed a venomous and divisive radical who supports policies , such as legalizing drugs , which are outside of the mainstream , " blasted new mexico democratic chair john wertheim .
around 2001 , jourgensen almost lost his arm when he was bitten by a venomous spider .
" porthidium dunni " is a venomous pitviper species found in mexico .
in 2008,various members of the crew embarked on different solo projects , again , teckzilla dropped another solo material titled ' projekt cancer 2 ' , a sequel to his first release but this time had guest productions from micworx ( the duo of venomous and another skilled producer , bigfoot ) and appearances from crew members and associates .
later examples are the ' wave of saints ' , who include the venomous bead ( chapter iii ) ; ' waves of pretenders ' , usually divided into smaller waves of two : an old pretender and a young pretender ( chapter xxx ) ; plus the ' wave of beards ' in the elizabethan era ( chapter xxxiii ) .
all species have been confirmed to be venomous except for " p. fisadoha " .
jf and venomous claimed credit by emailing " wired " reporter james glave with documents they had obtained from the barc servers as proof .
" crotalus mitchellii muertensis " is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to el muerto island , mexico .
a black mamba ( " dendroaspis polylepis " ) , is a venomous snake .
squire ( 2000:45 ) glossed the name as ' venomous ' presumably relating it to the proto - celtic * " nemi- " ‘ dose of poison’ ‘ something which is dealt out’ from the proto - indo - european root * " nem- " ‘
harry uses the sword to kill the basilisk – but only after being bitten by the creature 's venomous fangs , one of which breaks off .
darwin kenneth vest ( born april 22 , 1951 , presumed dead march 2004 ) was a biologist who worked on hobo spiders and other venomous spiders and snakes .
the journey is made more difficult by covenant 's continuing relapses into sickness caused by the venomous bite of a sunbane - spawned monster : the venom leaves covenant prone to uncontrollable outbursts of power - madness , the wild magic unleashed by his white gold ring posing an imminent danger to those around him .
other critics have variously called chrissie a " witch " , " venomous " , and the show 's resident " black widow " .
the literal definition of the word " boomslang " is " a venomous , tree - dwelling snake ... of tropical and southern africa " .
of the roughly 725 species of venomous snakes worldwide , only 250 are able to kill a human with one bite .
in 2009 , a team of scientists lead by enpu gong examined a well - preserved " sinornithosaurus " skull , and noted several features suggesting it was the first - identified venomous dinosaur .
later editions of the book had two lines of a humorous exchange deleted from the end of the interview with doctor struan sutherland , an australian venomous - reptiles expert , in the chapter on their trip to indonesia to see the komodo dragon ( " here be chickens " ) .
" rat snakes " of the genus " elaphe " are medium to large , non - venomous constrictors that feed mostly on rodents .
the reserve or successional teeth , which are always present just behind or on the side of the functional fang of all venomous snakes , are in no way connected with the duct until called upon to replace a fang that has been lost .
they have smooth scales , eyes with vertically elliptical pupils , and are considered to be rear - fanged venomous , though they are not dangerous to humans .
the british government was concerned about the number of venomous cobra snakes .
" trimeresurus macrops " is a venomous pitviper species found in southeast asia .
though not venomous , the caspian whipsnake is considered " ferocious " and bites quickly and without warning .
" venomous " ( issues 5 - 8 ) .
the debate on whether goannas are venomous or not is growing .
the members of the genus " phoneutria " are highly aggressive and venomous nocturnal hunters , and are the only wandering spiders known to pose a serious danger to humans .
in " p. lineatus " , the highly venomous serrate spine of the first dorsal and each of the pectoral fins may even be fatal .
" bitis rubida " is a venomous viper species found only in western cape province , south africa .
the bite of non - venomous snakes is usually harmless because their teeth are designed for grabbing and holding , rather than tearing or inflicting a deep puncture wound .
a species of the pythonidae family , non - venomous snakes that trap and asphixiate prey .
the stonefish is the most venomous fish in the world .
the story follows the morning route of a milkman named spike milligan , who leaves various " surprises " in the milk bottles for his customers to find , including poisonous liquids , deadly gas , and venomous spiders .
although not aggressive , if provoked the blotched fantail ray will defend itself with its venomous tail spine , and it has been responsible for at least one fatality .
hognose snakes are considered to be rear - fanged venomous , but are not considered to pose any danger to humans and will only bite as a feeding response , rarely in defense .
" myrmecia esuriens " is closely related to " m. pilosula " , the venomous jack jumper ant , the sting of which is known to be deadly to humans sensitive or allergic to the venom .
" micrelaps " is a genus of venomous atractaspidid snakes found africa and the middle east .
they subdue their prey quickly with a venomous bite as opposed to constricting .
hydrodynastes gigas " , a venomous water snake , is also found in the area .
rattlesnakes are a group of venomous snakes , genera " crotalus " and " sistrurus " .
the buff striped keelback is non - venomous and totally harmless .
equally quickly , smellekamp 's volatile character triggered a conflict with state president boshoff , and a short but venomous correspondence between the two men .
solenodons have a few intriguing traits , two of them being the position of the two teats on the female , almost on the buttocks of the animal , and the second being the venomous saliva that flows from modified salivary glands in the mandible through grooves on the second lower incisors ( " solenodon " derives from the greek " grooved tooth " ) .
" teretrurus " is a monotypic genus created for the non - venomous shield tail snake species , " t. sanguineus " , found in southern india .
the tone was venomous .
" hydrodynastes gigas " is a rear - fanged venomous colubrid species found in south america .
venomous snakes include three families of snakes and do not constitute a formal classification group used in taxonomy .
" atropoides nummifer occiduus " is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in southern mexico , guatemala and el salvador .
a part from this , king cobra is also capable of delivering larger quantities of venom than most other venomous snakes .
the queen snake ( " regina septemvittata " ) is a non - venomous member of the colubrid family of snakes .
it includes the australian genus " missulena " , known as the mouse spiders , which are quite venomous .
" naja " is a genus of venomous elapid snakes .
" crotalus viridis " is a venomous pitviper species native to the western united states , southwestern canada , and northern mexico .
one species prefers mollusks and crustaceans , such as prawns , while a few others feed only on fish eggs , which is unusual for a venomous snake .
a venomous snake is a snake that uses modified saliva , snake venom , usually delivered through highly specialized teeth such as hollow fangs , for the purpose of prey immobilization and self - defense .
he claims it keeps his reflexes heightened when working with venomous snakes .
you tanzhi masters the " tendon - altering sutra " unexpectedly by chance and uses the skills in the manual to purge the poison from his body after allowing venomous creatures suck his blood .
in contrast , non - venomous species either constrict their prey , or simply overpower it with their jaws .
this order is sometimes referred to as the venomous funnel - web tarantulas ' " , due to the inclusion of the australasian funnel - web spiders , including the notorious sydney funnel - web spider ( " atrax robustus " ) but most specimens in hexathelidae are not dangerous to humans .
" naja naja " is a species of venomous snake native to the indian subcontinent which includes present day pakistan , india , bangladesh and sri lanka .
admirers of ayn rand need not — and should not — feel compelled to try to rebut each and every concrete charge made by barbara branden ( and others who are sure to follow ) . " peikoff pronounced that the biography was motivated by " venomous hatred " and agreed with schwartz that its entire contents were " non - cognitive " ; unlike schwartz , however , he proclaimed that he had never read it and never intended to .
" vipera pontica " is a venomous viper species found in turkey and georgia .
this species of animals include , all types of spices including tarantulas , venomous scorpions , several species of whip scorpions , many types of lizards , bees , wasps , bats , rattle snakes , vipers , horses , mules , burros , cows , goats , pigs among many others .
the danger of acute poisoning from venomous zoanthids is quite real .
" bitis inornata " is a venomous viper species found only in cape province , south africa .
" vipera latifii " is a venomous viper species endemic in iran .
viper , the daughter of great master viper , was born without venomous fangs .
the states of alabama , kentucky and tennessee have passed laws against the use of venomous snakes and/or other reptiles in a place that endangers the lives of others , or without a permit .
what is artificial and stilted in this style did not offend the would - be classic taste of the eighteenth century , and does not now conceal the fact that the laboriously arranged words , and artfully counterbalanced clauses , convey a venomous hate and scorn .
it 's called the tour of the mongoose , and the mongoose is basically one of the few animals who can defeat the most venomous snakes with just one bite and that 's why i decided to name my tour that way , because i think that if we all have a little mongoose inside that can defeat the hatred and the resentment and the prejudice of everyday , we can probably win the battle . "
experiments made with the secretion of the parotid gland of " tropidonotus " and " zamenis " have shown that even aglyphous snakes are not entirely devoid of venom , and point to the conclusion that the physiological difference between so - called harmless and venomous snakes is only one of degree , just as there are various steps in the transformation of an ordinary parotid gland into a venom gland or of a solid tooth into a tubular or grooved fang .
the indian mongoose and others are popularly used to fight and kill venomous snakes , including cobras .
since venomous animals such as scorpions and snakes are killed by felines , mafdet was seen as a feline goddess , although it is uncertain whether alternately , she also was meant to be a cat , civet , or a mongoose .
" eunectes " is a genus of non - venomous boas found in tropical south america .
shakes the greenish flame , venomous and giggling .
the two charges , of intemperance and a love of intrigue , which have been brought against the protectress , rest almost entirely on the authority of an indecent and scurrilous pamphlet , entitled " news from the new exchange . " john heneage jesse opinion " its venomous absurdities are unworthy of notice " .
the park houses rattlesnakes , copperheads , as well as garter snakes and many other non - venomous species .
their fingernails are venomous , and they feed on human flesh and spoiled food .
this species is not venomous and is mostly active during the day .
unlike other stingrays , it does not have a venomous spine on its tail .
the brazilian wandering spiders ( " phoneutria spp . " ) , armed spiders ( " aranhas armadeiras " , as they are known in portuguese ) or banana spiders ( not to be confused with the relatively harmless species of the genus " nephila " ) are a genus of aggressive and highly venomous spiders found in tropical south and central america .
the gulf crayfish snake ( " regina rigida sinicola " ) is a non - venomous snake averaging 20 inches when fully grown , with a record of 31.5 inches ( 80 cm ) .
pat and kelvin had a poisonous , venomous hatred of cosy editorial chats seen in the like of " valiant " , that sort of kindly ' uncle editor ' stuff .
the history of venomous concept can be dated back to 1989 when shane embury and kevin sharp first met in new york city when napalm death were asked to play a show as part of the city ’s annual music / arts festival week at legendary club cbgb ’s .
poison dart frogs and several species of snake ( including the venomous fer - de - lance and bushmaster ) are also common within the park .
plays guitar in fantômas and played guitar for venomous concept on their first album .
many other snakes , such as boas and pythons may not be venomous , but their bites should be attended to medically .
stargazers are venomous and can deliver electric shocks .
snakes are common but only occasionally seen- the southern pacific rattlesnake ( the only venomous species ) , mountain kingsnake , california kingsnake , gopher snake , and garter snake .
then we 'll move to antfarm studios in denmark to transform all tracks into some kind of venomous incantations .
the king cobra ( " ophiophagus hannah " ) is the world 's longest venomous snake , with a length up to 5.6 m ( 18.5 ft ) .
upon reaching the top , taurus is killed by the venomous bite of a gigantic spider that conan in turn slays in a frenzied battle .
several smaller and even more underground metal labels also emerged during the 90s , including dissident , now based in london , which released albums by astriaal and psychrist , and the short - lived venomous , who briefly handled misery .
" agkistrodon bilineatus taylori " is a venomous pitviper subspecies found only in northeastern mexico .
" gloydius " is a genus of venomous pitvipers found in asia .
however , spiders of an unrelated genus , " sicarius " , which are sometimes referred to as " crab spiders " , are close cousins to the recluse spiders , and are highly venomous .
the largest , most vindictive , and venomous mosquitoes i have seen ... in the wet season it is a swamp and unhealthy ; in the dry weather the heat is terrific , whilst the sand is deep and uncomfortable to walk in
the fifth treats of the wounds and bites of venomous animals ; also of the distemper called hydrophobia , and of persons bitten by dogs that are mad , and by those that are not mad ; and also of persons bitten by men .
these venomous fish are occasionally seen as aquarium fish .
states like florida and texas have a wide variety and large population of venomous snakes .
the young are fully capable of delivering a venomous bite from the moment they are born .
the most venomous are the snakes which include the king cobra and pythons that can reach up to ten meters in length .
mithridatization has been tried with success in australia and brazil and total immunity has been achieved even to multiple bites of extremely venomous cobras and pit vipers .
" echis pyramidum " is a venomous vipers species found mainly in north - east africa , but also in parts of the arabian peninsula .
bill dons a stetson as his wildlife tour of north america rolls west to arizona for a showdown with venomous desert animals - wily coyotes , speedy road runners and a garden full of enchanting hummingbirds .
while most colubrids are non - venomous ( or have venom that is n't known to be harmful to humans ) and are mostly harmless , a few groups , such as genus " boiga " , can produce medically significant bites , while the boomslang and the twig snakes have caused human fatalities .
the largest recorded specimen was almost 3.65 m long , making this the largest of all pit vipers and the longest venomous snake in the western hemisphere .
the crotalinae , or crotalines , are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in asia and the americas .
" trimeresurus borneensis " is a venomous pitviper species found in indonesia on the island of borneo .
like all pythons , they are non - venomous constrictors and normally not considered dangerous to humans , even though large specimens are powerful enough to kill an adult and attacks are occasionally reported .
" crotalus " is a genus of venomous pitvipers found only in the americas from southern canada to northern argentina .
the araneomorph funnel - web spiders of the family agelenidae include the common grass spiders of the genus " agelenopsis " , as well as the purportedly venomous european hobo spider , " tegenaria agrestis " , which has been introduced into the pacific northwest of the united states . "
" trimeresurus flavoviridis " is a venomous pitviper species found in japan in the ryukyu islands .
" vipera berus sachalinensis " is a venomous viper subspecies found in the russian far east , china , north korea and on sakhalin island .
" cerastes gasperettii " is a venomous viper species found in the middle east from israel to iran , and especially in the arabian peninsula .
lionfish have venomous spines and should be treated with caution .
this is a myth ; broad - headed skinks are " not " venomous , and although they can bite and deliver a painful pinch , they are not dangerous .
when cornered it will fight — its tiny sharp teeth can deliver a painful but non - venomous bite .
the move from the big east to the atlantic coast conference resulted in numerous lawsuits and venomous editorializing by some boston sports writers , though eventually bc won the lawsuits and membership in the acc resulted in greater financial reward and national exposure for the athletic department .
in the prose , loki has been bound by the gods with the guts of his son nari , his son narfi is described as having been turned into a wolf , and the goddess skaði fastens a venomous snake over loki 's face , from which venom drips .
there are only a few species of venomous amphibians ; certain salamandrid salamanders can extrude sharp venom - tipped ribs .
she was also associated with the protection of the king 's chambers and other sacred places , and with protection against venomous animals , which were seen as transgressors against ma'at .
as a result , it is generally regarded as a highly venomous specimen .
king cobra 's genus name , " ophiophagus " , literally means " snake - eater " , and its diet consists primarily of other snakes , including rat snakes , sizeable pythons and even other venomous snakes ( including kraits , cobras and smaller members of its own species ) .
a distinct color pattern and the common belief that this species actively hunts for venomous snakes helps to protect them from immediate death , which is the usual outcome when snakes encounter people .
exhibit displays include shells from over 100 countries , fish models , shipwrecks , ship equipment , types of watercraft historically used in north carolina , whaling , oyster catching , waterfowl hunting equipment and duck decoys , and venomous snakes found in north carolina .
you have to fight the " do that which is in your power to end the venomous anti - jewish propaganda amid the millions of mohammedans in india . "
poisonous spiders and exceedingly venomous snakes would be used as the primary method of torture within this " device " .
" m. fulvius " does not account for many cases of snakebite in the u.s. because of its secretive nature and general reluctance to bite ( its venomous potential was still being debated in the 1880s ) .
" crotalus mitchellii " is a venomous pitviper species found in the southwestern united states , and in northern mexico .
