raja sms or sms king is the term given by the general public for his victorious achievement through the votes of his fans in the akademi fantasia , season 3 .
victorious , he remained in the area , and is buried on the bank of the ketchamoot creek .
the women 's singles final was also played , and williams was victorious over janković in two sets , 6–4 , 7–5 .
the main event the was the highly anticipated rematch between reigning ufc champion ken shamrock and number one contender dan severn , who had fought one year earlier at ufc 6 for the ufc championship , with shamrock reigning victorious .
she too took her case to court , emerging victorious in standing up for social justice and the democratic principles upon which this nation was founded .
the french were victorious , and in 1894 , behanzin surrendered his person to dodds , without signing any instrument of national surrender or treaty .
as bulgaria had been completely isolated in the second balkan war ( june – july 1913 ) , and as it was closely invested on its northern boundary by romania and on its western frontier by the allied armies of greece and serbia , and in the east by the ottoman army , it was obliged to submit to terms imposed by the victorious states .
the allies , including free french forces and a liberated french nation , eventually emerged victorious over the axis powers .
in december 1918 , its pipe band played a victorious canadian corps across the rhine and into germany .
the victorious axis powers — imperial japan and nazi germany — are conducting intrigues against each other in north america , specifically in the former u.s. , which surrendered to them once they had conquered eurasia and destroyed the populaces of africa .
in 404 , the victorious spartan commander , lysander , re - made greece and greek asia minor ( formerly under athenian rule ) in sparta 's image : he established spartan garrisons around the aegean , installed decarchies ( ten - man oligarchical regimes ) to administer the internal affairs of the greek city - states and appointed harmosts ( spartan military governors ) to oversee the decarchies .
she was a member of england 's victorious team in the 2009 world twenty/20 competition , and scored a vital unbeaten 46 from 34 balls in the defeat of australia in the semi - final .
usnisavijaya ( uṣṇīṣavijayā ) (; english : victorious goddess of the " usnisa " ) is a goddess of longevity in buddhism .
the following month ( october 7 in tokyo ) she challenged bison kimura for the all pacific championship and emerged victorious .
del nero was apart of the italy u-21 side which emerged victorious in the 2004 uefa european under-21 football championship and also won a bronze medal with the italian olympic team at the 2004 summer olympics .
also , as schippman observed ( " loc . cit . " boyce , 1975:462 ) , even during the sassanid era ( 226–650 ce ) there is no evidence that the fires were categorized according to their sanctity . " it seems probable that there were virtually only two , namely the " atash - i vahram " [ literally : " victorious fire " , later misunderstood to be the fire of bahram , see gnoli , 2002:512 ] and the lesser " atash - i adaran " , or ' fire of fires ' , a parish fire , as it were , serving a village or town quarter " ( boyce , 1975:462 ; boyce 1966:63 ) .
vance emerged victorious after facing former judge and 2005 d.a. candidate leslie crocker snyder , and richard aborn , another former assistant district attorney and gun control advocate , in the september 15 , 2009 democratic primary .
while solis would often emerge victorious , she faced a number of solid contenders from both belize and the united states .
the prussian belling hussars and kr4 charged through the enemy infantry who broke and were cut down by the victorious prussians .
after suffering serious losses , the soviet armies eventually emerged victorious .
at the full - time whistle kilkenny emerged victorious by 2 - 14 to 2 - 12 .
it was claimed that the night before the battle , oswald had a vision of saint columba , in which the saint predicted that oswald would be victorious .
selected for uefa euro 2008 , he appeared against greece ( 2–1 win ) in the group stage , as spain emerged victorious in the tournament .
the earldom of northumberland was forfeited by the victorious yorkists .
he featured in australia 's victorious 1957 world cup campaign played at home .
the 1972 election also saw the first of his three victorious campaigns to elect jesse helms as u.s. senator from north carolina .
others have a much lower esteem of his accomplishments ; he is called prideful and ambitious , he is accused of " weird " ( read : traitorous ) behavior during the war against sweden ( 1655–1660 ) , he presumably contributed to the defeat of the swedish - allied transylvanian invaders but he let their leader and his top officials go in exchange for nothing ( instead of keeping them prisoners for a ransom , or as political pawns ) , his " victorious " rebellion against the polish government prevented the realization of key reforms , what in turn had grave consequences for the commonwealth in the long term .
the clubs most successful player was michele tyler who played for the victorious great britain ladies team who beat the united states in the wightman cup at the albert hall in 1978 in a team that included sue barker and virginia wade .
he later played in his first munster final , however , cork were victorious on the day .
along the way he also has some close calls with locomotives and even other speeders coming the other direction , but emerges victorious each time .
remaining undefeated throughout the group stage , villarreal were twice victorious ( 1–0 each against benfica away and lille at home ) and earned four draws , including two scoreless draws with manchester united .
in the end despite suffering tremendous losses , king peregrin ’s forces are victorious in pushing back zarok and his demons with the cost of sir dan 's life .
the squadron deployed aboard the newly rebuilt carrier hms " victorious " and remained attached to her air group for the next two years , after which the squadron transferred to hms " hermes " for another two years then finally to hms " ark royal " .
with the surrender of japan in 1945 , china emerged victorious but financially drained .
when theseus returned victorious to athens , where he sacrificed the bull , medea tried to poison him .
shortly after zahariel returns victorious and receives his knighthood , the imperial army arrives , and with it the legion that the lion will come to command .
the confederate troops are destroyed and the battered abc warriors are victorious .
" victorious " contributed to several attacks on the " tirpitz " .
after the slovakia elections of 2006 , the victorious left - wing party , smer , formed a coalition with the right - wing nationalist party , sns ( slovak national party ) , whose leader , ján slota , is notorious for anti - hungarian statements ( see ján slota and ) .
meanwhile , the raiders were victorious against the new york jets , 30 - 10 , and the tennessee titans , 41 - 24 .
cocker was also a team trainer with the victorious england squad at the 1966 world cup .
o praised and beloved father amfilokhy , our speedy intercessor in times of sorrow , afflictions , and misfortunes ; o merciful healer and doctor of our physical and spiritual diseases ; o expedient helper in difficult times and in material needs ; o true defender of the purity of the orthodox faith ; o victorious , chasing out the demons opposed to god and the wickedness of this age , into the darkness ; accept our petitions which we bring to you with sighing and tears , that in your fiery prayers before the throne of the all - holy trinity , you will remember us sinners , exhausted under our yoke of sadness , such that has not been even from the beginning of creation , and darkened by our vanity , and led by the noise and rapidness of demonic signs and wonders , and infected by satanic pride , love of pleasure , hatred , wickedness and many other sins , and lost in our suspicions and slanderings .
tipperary provided the opposition again , however , wexford were victorious on that occasion .
while the victorious initial campaign gave the dutch an advantageous position in subsequent negotiations , the dutch were compelled to agree to an indefinite armistice .
after four years of fighting , christine marie was victorious , thanks to french military support .
thus , when on sunday 23 june 1940 a german lieutenant presented himself to mayor vieljeux with a request to hang a german swastika flag from la rochelle 's hôtel de ville , vieljeux replied that he was a colonel ( in the reserves ) and had no orders to receive a junior officer , even if he was from a victorious army .
jafar emerged victorious in the battle fought with ahmad shah i wali .
the postwar occupation of germany by the victorious allies eventually led to the de facto partition of the country and the emergence of two separate german states , each with its own government and institutions .
despite this , and when neron seems to be victorious , he is killed by satanus , who had used the cover of war to infect hell with a magical microbe that reverts demons to humans .
the victorious nationalist forces were led by antonio josé de sucre , bolívar 's lieutenant .
indra came out victorious in this war and married to sachi .
in the introduction , a resume of the history of hindustan prior to the times of the muslim conquest is given , and also the victorious progress of arabs through the east .
at that time , hms victorious had the best fighter direction office in the fleet .
had he been victorious in 2008 , he would also have become the first president of the united states not to be born in the current 50 states ( he was born in panama within the panama canal zone which was under american control ) , and the first sitting u.s. senator since john f. kennedy to win the presidency .
the paintings show the story of a single battle and its victorious outcome .
phocion was victorious but then freed the captured enemies , fearing the athenians might treat them too harshly .
tun bagha tarkhan ascended the throne as " alp kutluk bilge " ( " victorious , glorious , wise " ) and enforced a new set of laws , which he designed to secure the unity of the khaganate , he also moved against the kyrgyz once more , finally bringing them under the uyghur khaganate 's control .
wrexham were champions of the combination for three successive seasons , from 1900–01 to 1902–03 , and evans played in two welsh cup finals for the club , on the losing side in 1902 but victorious in 1903 .
following high king peter 's victorious conquest of narnia from the white witch , he and his siblings reigned as rulers for several years .
a warring party that surrenders or capitulates may have little negotiating power , with the victorious side either imposing a settlement or dictating most of the terms of any treaty .
enyimba emerged victorious with a 2 - 1 aggregate and captain romanus orjinta lifted the trophy to high heavens .
the turks were victorious and took the city of belgrade .
the team which is victorious either in the overtime period or overtime shoot - out receives an additional point .
but , alas ! the mind must be already victorious over the worst of its evil propensities , that can profit by this harsh medicine .
the " victorious club mix " , as featured on the single , was produced by dj lethalrush .
he also takes command at the battle of lena and emerges victorious .
nearly three thousand rebels ambushed henry carey 's party of half that size , but carey was nonetheless victorious in fending off the assault .
she was victorious in both her events , however due to the timely intervention of the stig the overall result was a win for the " top gear " team .
he went on to represent the nation at the 1994 fifa world cup and the victorious uefa euro 1996 .
the only european bandy championship was held in the town in 1913 with england victorious .
captain pavel young , honor 's long - time rival , is about to face a court - martial for cowardice in the battlefield ( as described in " the short victorious war " ) , and he is likely to be shot .
the brazilian national team has been victorious in the fifa world cup tournament a record five times , in 1958 , 1962 , 1970 , 1994 and 2002 .
travis was victorious at the world open .
the british were victorious , and seized the strategic peiwar kotal pass leading into afghanistan .
they felt the intrusion of the union army only once more , when in june of 1865 the victorious forces of the united states marched through the county on their way home to washington , d.c.
following the end of world war i , the ships were surrendered to the victorious powers as war booty . "
the relief “ " la france reconnaissante " ” is an allegory of a victorious france wearing a phrygien bonnet and a crown of laurel and embracing a soldier holding the national flag .
canada 's first and sixth prime ministers ( sir john a. macdonald and sir charles tupper ) had also been co - premier and premier of british provinces that became part of canada , but no one who has led a victorious general election campaign in a canadian province has ever been prime minister .
in 1939 , e a ( ted ) mellors was victorious , racing in the saddle of the benelli 250 .
some of the groups requirements include commands to read six russian classics a year and to visit the site of a battle where russia was victorious .
the treaty of kiel transferred norway from the danish to the swedish crown in 1814 , as a reward to sweden — which had chosen the victorious side .
this would become the sentiment on which the victorious orange camp would base their demands for snap - elections , claiming the government had lost its mandate to rule as a result of the ' no ' vote by the people .
a large tension existed between the cities in norrland and umeå left the struggle victorious 1962 .
primarily because the avestan adjective " verethragnan " ( victorious ) had a corresponding vedic term " vrtrahan " where it appeared " preponderantly [ as ] a qualification of indra " , one theory ( benveniste / renou , 1934 ) proposed that in indo - iranian times there existed a dragon - slaying warrior god " * indra " and that avestan " verethragna " derived from that divine figure .
after a long and hard fought battle , fsu came out victorious 86 - 79 .
but the americans are victorious , first on the coral sea and ultimately on midway as they manage to bomb four of japan 's aircraft carriers -- the same ones that were used for the attack on pearl harbor -- making the imperial fleet retreat and giving the u.s. an incredible early victory in the pacific ocean area .
finally , when special elections were ordered in 1986 , victorious washington - backed candidates gave him the 25–25 split he needed .
on 1 january 1915 it was decided that hms " victorious " would surrender one of her two 12-inch turrets , which was converted " in situ " by the elswick ordnance company on tyneside and then removed by crane - waiting dockside at elswick until the monitor was launched and ready to have it fitted .
the k - league allstars were victorious , winning by a score of 3 - 1 .
striker would continue his feud with the sandman for the next few weeks , until sandman came out victorious in a singapore cane on a pole match on the october 17 , 2006 , edition of " ecw " .
he was at the reduction of flushing in hms " victorious " ( 74 ) in 1809 .
" constabless , crone , dilatation , erect , femininity , feminity , man of law , mortally , motive , muse , peace , seriously , victorious , wrack "
" aso " means " victorious " in the language of the ( now displaced ) asokoro ( " the people of victory " ) .
yet towards the end the music gathers strength , becomes at some places furious , passionate and victorious in tone .
after they are victorious , snyder and mori talk .
although the heroes were victorious , merlin was killed in the battle .
in 1984 , during his reelection , president ronald reagan was victorious over minnesota 's " favorite son , " walter mondale , in all states except minnesota , and the district of columbia .
he was a major force in the sunday league derbyshire team which won the championship in the 1987 season , and in 1988 , his transvaal team were victorious in the currie cup earning him the award of south african cricketer of the year .
thus , although to a limited extent the crushing of shaba i might be regarded as a model of international cooperation , the victorious forces failed to complete the job .
however , with the help of some very large cheeses that send the dogs into the bay of naples , tom , jerry , and topo emerge victorious , just before tom and jerry 's boat departs .
ed recently was victorious for the fifth time in eleven years at the fall classic golf outing .
a ranger rescue mission to free rudy , led by astrid larsson , arrives during the skirmish between the ppa factions , but tiphaine is already victorious .
martin stanford peters mbe , ( born 8 november 1943 in plaistow , london ) is a former football player and member of the victorious england team which won the 1966 world cup as well as playing in the 1970 fifa world cup .
the sanremo conference , 19–26 april 1920 , of the post - world war i allied supreme council determined the allocation of class " a " league of nations mandates for administration of the former ottoman - ruled lands of the middle east by the victorious powers .
out of the four teams that competed the wednesday emerged victorious .
a third consecutive provincial medal was claimed in 1959 , however , walsh ended up on the losing side in the all - ireland final as waterford emerged victorious .
he played board two , behind reuben fine , on the victorious ccny team in the 1931 - 32 intercollegiate championships .
he reconciled himself to the victorious edward iv , his future son - in - law .
it was modified during the november uprising by the revolutionary government and discarded afterwards by the victorious russian authorities .
the club played in second division the following year , and managed to reach the semi - finals of the playoffs , but were not victorious .
carolina went on to be victorious in game 7 .
palmeiras has a victorious tradition in various sports , such as rink hockey and basketball .
the loire army won the greatest success of the french during the whole war at coulmiers , and followed this up with another victorious action at patay ; in both engagements general chanzy 's corps took the most brilliant part .
this time , though , huddersfield were victorious at the millennium stadium in cardiff .
benvenisti frames this transformation , and others similar to it , in the context of , " a wholesale appropriation of the sacred sites of a defeated religious community by members of the victorious one . "
their opponents in the national semi final were western conference champions southern california seahorses , and again boulder again emerged victorious , winning a close game 2 - 1 .
at the end of the vixens victorious 2009 season in december , wendy married melbourne victory 's physiotherapist daniel jones ; fellow vixens players sharelle mcmahon and natasha chokljat were bridesmaids .
the reader controls altheus , brother of the legendary hero theseus , who in this series was killed in his quest to slay the minotaur of crete ( in the original myth theseus was victorious over the minotaur , and altheus does not appear ) .
after the defeat of the toyotomi forces at the battle of sekigahara , he was relocated to yonago by the victorious shōgun tokugawa ieyasu .
when 8-ball and sleepwalker next meet , 8-ball proves victorious ; he distracts the hero by shooting innocent bystanders .
defending titlist is german jenny wolf who won the 2007 - 08 edition after being victorious in all events .
although no other tournament matches are seen in the film , we are to assume that hash is victorious in his unspecified number of other matches as he makes it to the final , facing maniacal bruce van pride ( former underground wrestling star stuart tilston ) .
flynn was victorious via kimura submission at 2.34 of round 1 .
at the event , slater and orton were victorious over youngblood and mcdaniel after orton superplexed youngblood .
wilkes retreats , and the film ends with mcquade victorious after a climactic finale when he throws a grenade that explodes and kills wilkes .
the final was contested at twickenham on april 9 , between the wasps and scarlets , which saw the wasps emerge victorious , beating the scarlets 26 points to 10 .
the contest for the reconstruction design was announced on 14 april 1883 and the construction was entrusted to the author of the victorious design józef pius dziekoński .
his victorious gallic troops thus ceased campaigning .
in the parliamentary election , the broad front emerged victorious , taking over 50% of the vote and claiming 52 of the 99 seats in chamber of deputies .
however by early 1920 , advancing bolshevik forces , victorious in russian civil war , started to pose a great threat to young republic , which also engaged in a conflict with armenia over the karabakh enclave .
four days later , jarrett emerged victorious from a " running of the gauntlet " match that saw him outlast shamrock , the guard , and the 3live kru to retain his nwa world heavyweight championship after shamrock turned on the kru .
they played together in the european women 's team championship of 1951 ( venice ) , and 1952 ( dun laoghaire or dunleary ) , winning both times , and in a 1953 tour of the usa where they played in two victorious matches against the usa ladies team .
the three emerge victorious from the ensuing bloodbath , but , months later , as dr. schaefer and his spy friends are enjoying a christmas reunion , robot executives from tpc look on approvingly .
he was also victorious in the 2003 baja italy and the 2004 uae desert challenge .
in the first game of three tobin contributed 1 - 1 , however , after a second replay limerick emerged victorious and qualified to play waterford in the munster final .
francis i asked for help from suleiman , then sent a fleet headed by khair ad din who was victorious over the spaniards , and managed to retake naples from them .
after a brief instrumental ( subtitled " the dance of the giant hogweed " ) , the song ends in a crashing climax where the hogweed reigns victorious over the human race .
it had emerged victorious from the english civil war ; supported and supplied cromwell 's army in the wars in scotland and ireland ; blockaded the royalist fleet of prince rupert in lisbon ; and organized a system of convoys to protect the commerce of the commonwealth against the swarms of privateers set upon it from every european port .
runar schildt debuted as a writer in 1912 with his first book , a collection of short stories called " den segrande eros " ( the victorious eros ) .
a best of five series was made and the two met for their second encounter on the may 2 at " belleville breakdown " , where hart was victorious .
the serbian army emerged victorious , although details of the battle itself are sketchy at best .
an insight into the political squabbles of the victorious greeks over this monument is given in the following passages .
the war was a result of the political division of korea by agreement of the victorious allies at the conclusion of the pacific war .
this led to a bitter feud between scorpio sky and scott lost ending with a vicious " i quit match " in december , in which scorpio sky was victorious .
kong is the heavily tipped favourite to be victorious in this fight having beaten better opponents in the past and taking into consideration his current form .
additionally , no mention is made of agrippa 's military brilliance throughout the episodes in which he appears , with the exceptions being in the series finale , when the newsreader states that agrippa had commanded octavian 's victorious naval forces at the battle of actium and the battle of mutina where octavian said that the victory was mainly due to agrippa .
erasmus has used khrone and other face dancers to infiltrate humanity as spies and assassins and uses them as well as paolo to advance omnius 's plans to take over the universe ; however , khrone intends for the face dancers alone to be victorious .
after the end of the second english civil war , the victorious parliamentary forces , now commanded by oliver cromwell , invaded ireland and crushed the royalist - confederate alliance there in the cromwellian conquest of ireland in 1649 .
even after rome 's disaster at the battle of cannae ( 216 bc ) , over half the " socii " ( by population ) did not defect and rome 's military alliance was ultimately victorious .
he is most famous for his appearance in the swedish touring car championship , having appeared in all thirteen seasons and for being the most victorious driver ( two championship wins and 30 race wins ) .
although the rebels retreated to the pueblo , they were victorious in defeat ; the wounded governor resigned and returned to mexico .
he gave a speech to the victorious strikers and another press conference at the americana , but the apparent improvement in his health was an illusion : he died on january 28 .
wilkes county was the site of one of the most important battles of the american revolutionary war to be fought in georgia , the battle of kettle creek in 1779 , in which the american patriot forces were victorious over british loyalists .
the prince of powys , madog ap maredudd , with assistance from earl ranulf of chester , gave battle at coleshill , but owain was victorious .
every day that he would return victorious , his mother would praise him , " son of mine !
poggio confessed that he no longer knew what the coronation meant : in the old times only the victorious imperator was crowned , and then he was crowned with laurel .
lithuanians gained full control of the city after the victorious battle of blue waters in 1362 .
the story 's device revolves around jephtha 's rash promise to the almighty , should he be victorious , to sacrifice the first creature he shall meet on his return : he is met by his beloved daughter iphis .
although he was victorious , his sudden death in 1422 left his infant son henry vi on the throne , and gave the french an opportunity to overthrow english rule .
after an exciting game between the two sides cork emerged victorious on a score line of 4 - 13 to 2 - 15 .
in a thrilling game galway emerged victorious by 4 - 5 to 4 - 4 .
in 1904 , messina restored their pride from the earlier clash with palermo , by coming out victorious 3 - 2 .
pontus was victorious .
they arrived at goa in may of 1651 , where they learned that the king of portugal had already abandoned the cause of the chinese ( southern ming ) emperor , and that boym 's mission was seen as a possible threat to future relations with the victorious manchu .
in the event the case of the landlords was thrown out and muir and his party emerged victorious .
later , the " phants " were victorious in the mekong cup held in phnom penh , cambodia on 22 november 2008 , involving the cambodian kangaroos , thailand tigers , vietnam swans and lao elephants .
wild went into rehab in 1988 and gave up drinking on 6 march 1989 after joining alcoholics victorious .
during this immediate post - war era , the club also hosted the 1948 curtis cup , in which the united states team were victorious , and the 1951 walker cup , which also fell into the hands of the united states .
legions often carried several titles , awarded after successive campaigns , normally by the ruling emperor e.g. xii fulminata was also awarded : " paterna " ( fatherly ) , " victrix " ( victorious ) , " antiqua " ( venerable ) , " certa constans " ( reliable , steadfast ) and " galliena " ( gallienus ' ) .
the victorious americans set fire to the post , spiked the guns and set off back to the landing - point , where they expected their boats to have re - landed in order to evacuate them .
the spanish , led by francisco de melo , were victorious over the french under marshal de la guiche .
eventually , and despite many humiliating reverses witnessed by tinker , broom - makers and beggars , the tailor emerges victorious but it is a pyrrhic victory .
following his victorious stage 17 attack , sastre took a lead of 1 minute and 24 seconds over teammate fränk schleck into the final time trial , although , more crucially , he had a further 10 seconds advantage over evans , a man considered to be a more accomplished time trialist , who was widely expected to overcome the deficit and leapfrog sastre into first place .
roman troops had beaten the might of parthia from the field and had reached the persian gulf ; and their victorious imperator , trajan , had dreamed of repeating alexander 's march to india , only to acquiesce in giving up the project on account of his age . '
then , his wife had tied a thread around his wrist and empowered it with divine powers to make sure indra emerged victorious in the duel that followed .
he wrote " two victorious days " ( warsaw , 1831 ) ; and " mes erreurs " ( paris , 1835 ) .
despite marvel achieving more votes than its rival , and thus winning more matches , the series ' storyline opted not to show one side victorious .
he was victorious at sachsenring and phillip island en route to finishing the season in second overall .
this ended when he joined the kuomintang ( kmt ) northern expedition as it became clear it would be victorious .
alan brough 's team was victorious although it did come down to the very last question .
after the war 's conclusion , many of the historic features of huế were neglected , being seen by the victorious regime and some other vietnamese as " relics from the feudal regime " ; the vietnamese communist party doctrine officially describes the nguyen dynasty as " feudal " and " reactionary " , but there has since been a change of policy , and some parts of the historic city have been restored .
the wales team were victorious over ireland , robbing the irish of both the triple crown and grand slam .
however , brandenburg found itself in the soviet occupation zone , and it quickly became apparent that the victorious powers had their own plan for opel 's production facilities .
the victorious americans burned prophetstown the following day and returned to vincennes .
the 1987 legislative elections was also a historical one for golkar as it emerged victorious in the province of aceh for the first time .
oregon county men made up companies a , d , f , and g. on august 10 , 1861 they fought at the battle of wilson 's creek near springfield and were victorious .
in the ensuing conflict of 1076 , vikramaditya vi emerged victorious and proclaimed himself king of the chalukya empire .
after the hungarian army 's surrender at világos in 1849 , the hungarian revolutionary banners were taken to russia by the victorious tsarist troops .
the regiment participated in hard , mostly victorious , battles against soviets during the unusually cold winter 1941 and spring 1942 .
the final break with istanbul came with battle of ivankovac in which the serbs were victorious .
the game features a wide variety of enemies players will need to get past to be victorious throughout the many levels .
he contributed with eight matches in the club 's victorious uefa cup campaign in 1996–97 , and assisted belgium 's marc wilmots in the 1–0 home win over inter milan , in the final 's first leg .
cromwell proved victorious and fox lost his lands which were given to samuel rust , a cromwellian soldier .
with the help of the union delegations , and the party 's establishment , macdonald was victorious on april 23 , 1971 and became the president during the same convention that saw tommy douglas pass the leadership torch on to david lewis .
here sobule comments on her own unconventional show business career ( the bittersweet " freshman " ) as well as the tragicomic arc of go - go dancing 60s icon joey heatherton ( " joey " ) alongside whimsical autobiographical songs ( " cinnamon park " and " strawberry gloss " ) and more politicized tracks dealing with issues related to adolescent homosexuality ( " underdog victorious " and the humorous " under the disco ball " ) and even sexual slavery ( " tel aviv , " sung in the voice of a girl forced into prostitution after going overseas for a waitressing job " in the promised land " ) .
a second tie against the same opposition occurred the following season , with " the blades " again victorious , this time by a 3–1 margin .
by the end of the night the british had lost one destroyer , a transport , and several drifters leaving the germans victorious .
during the last part of the twentieth century , dr. miller , as president , refrained from using the classic keswick phrase " victorious christian life " , and substituted " authentic christian life . "
sands mocks jason for being an unworthy successor and nearly kills him like he did his predecessor , but jason rejects the villain 's insinuation that he is inferior , and emerges victorious .
his forces moved rapidly into the area through grafton and were victorious at the tiny skirmish called the battle of philippi races , arguably the first land conflict of the war .
the two teams were victorious in the nl division series ( nlds ) , with the cubs defeating the eastern division champion atlanta braves three games to two , and the marlins defeating the western division champion san francisco giants three games to one .
a fleet of seven royal navy ships - five third - rates , " monarch " ( 74 ) , " victorious " ( 74 ) , " arrogant " ( 74 ) , " america " ( 64 ) and " stately " ( 64 ) , with the 16-gun sloops " echo " and " rattlesnake " - under vice - admiral elphinstone anchored in simon 's bay at the cape of good hope in june 1795 , having left england on march 1 .
and the corps fought in the first battle of the somme ( 1918 ) and the subsequent victorious british advance that ended the war .
mccarthy later lined out in the all - ireland minor final , however , derry emerged victorious by just two points .
the venetians , under vettor pisani , were victorious , and both captured the town and turned the tide in the war in their favor .
the gift returned to the stage , once again with a victorious feeling , to start the am - fm tour in january 2005 and a new cycle in the band 's career .
at that point ovando became sole president , leading the country to the elections from which the popular barrientos emerged victorious .
at 2000 , an italian air attack ( using s.84 , cr.42 , c.202 , and re.2001 fighters and bombers ) against the aircraft carriers caused minor damage to the flight deck of hms " victorious " .
the independent - farmers group was formed to represent the victorious candidates in the parliament which followed .
ahmadis argue that the condition of oral debate proposed by meher ali shah was an indirect refusal of ghulam ahmad ’s challenge and a deliberate attempt to trap him , for if he had accepted he would have broken his promise with god by engaging in debates , but if he declined it would be assumed that meher ali shah was victorious and ghulam ahmad had withdrawn .
the oñaz were victorious and burnt the gamboino fortress at azkoitia .
in a format that would last until 1984 , all ties ( matches between nations ) would consist of nine individual matches ; the victorious nation needing to win at least five of these contests .
hyypiä won his highest football honour in 2005 as a part of liverpool 's victorious 2004–05 champions league campaign .
a player 's bid consists of a declaration of the minimum number of books ( over the required 6 books ) that will be taken ( turned ) by that player and their partner , followed by an indication either that the player wishes there to be no trump suit for the current hand , or of whether the player wishes for higher ranking or for lower ranking cards to be victorious in the current hand .
on october 28 , 1952 , betances led his men in the victorious battle of jackson heights .
the provisions and booty fell into the hands of the victorious romans .
after over and hour and a half of tennis however , rafael nadal was victorious defeating the world number one in two sets .
many princes of his kin — possibly as many as 20—were killed ( for example , stefan musat , prince of moldavia and two of his brothers , while a fourth was badly injured ) , and the victorious tatars besieged kiev . "
ssc - r lost its first two games against uphsd and mapua , but the stags emerged victorious against jru in the first round .
one of the three most victorious programs in college football history as judged by either number of wins or winning percentage , the university of texas has traditionally been considered a college football powerhouse .
after nixon 's victorious 1968 presidential campaign , graham was an adviser , visiting the white house and leading some of the private church services that the president organized there .
the allies were victorious , and , as a result , the united states and soviet union emerged as the world 's two leading superpowers .
victorious seljuks became masters of khurasan , expanding their power into transoxiana and across iran .
once the departure of the german ships was discovered , admiral of the fleet sir john tovey , the commander - in - chief of the british home fleet , sailed with the " king george v " , " victorious " and their escorts to support those already at sea .
the russo - prussian forces were victorious .
in 1978 the band performed at the last boom festival in novi sad and in 1979 at zaječar guitar festival where they were considered to be victorious . they were the only band from belgrade which the audience did not like .
at the third attempt cork emerged victorious by 3 - 11 to 1 - 12 .
in 1974 , wood was part of his second victorious rose bowl and national title team .
disageement about how to further divide the realm led to conflict in 1253 in which llywelyn was victorious .
pakistan won the test series 1 - 0 after they were victorious by 16 runs in the final match of the series , the previous four game shaving been drawn .
in 1812 , " weazel " , commanded now by john william andrew , moved to the adriatic again , and joined the ship of the line hms " victorious " .
the following year , voorhees was victorious with a score of 13 - 12 .
in the only eighty - minute provincial decider between these two great rivals , cork emerged victorious by 3 - 10 to 3 - 8 .
he was soon brought into battle against thor and the warriors three , where he fought and begged for mercy at the hands of the victorious heroes .
billerica was victorious in 2009 by a 17 - 0 score .
the goths were led by king cniva , and after a long siege , they were victorious .
following the first world war , the victorious principal allied powers recognized these as " a sacred trust of civilization " , and stipulated that the existing rights and claims connected with them should be safeguarded in perpetuity , under international guarantee .
wayne hoped to demonstrate that the united states army could recover from this crushing defeat and emerge victorious in what is now termed the northwest indian war or " little turtle 's war . "
taking part in the great northern war , he was captured by the victorious russian forces during the battle of poltava in 1709 .
in the 1984 election , labour was victorious .
with the tatars the polish units waged a destructive raid into ukraine and fought in early 1655 the victorious battle of okhmativ against combined russian and ukrainian forces .
if the communists were victorious in such conflicts , however , the result would still benefit to chiang and china because the power of these warlords would be reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists , and the warlord problem plagued china for so long could thus be greatly reduced , while at the same time , communists would be weakened by the fights and chiang 's own troops would have easier time to take control .
sam snead travels to st andrews to compete in the first post - war british open , and is victorious , winning by four shots from johnny bulla and bobby locke .
the two armies met on the land of kalena and the plain of heleauau , not far from lihue , where kualii was victorious .
for varying reason 's much of the team pulled out , leaving only dai jones , jack williams and will joseph from the victorious wales team .
the site is continually inhabited until the end of the crusades when it is destroyed by the victorious mameluks ( as happened to many actual cities after 1291—and is not rebuilt by the ottomans .
they emerged victorious , winning three points to nil , claiming their first ever national championship .
when the liberals were victorious , liberal president benito juárez moved his government to the capital city .
one commander is even recorded to have said that he feared a victorious court more and that “ it is better to leave the bandits as an investment ”
kesselring still described as " lucid " hitler 's analysis of the situation , according to which the germans were about to inflict a historical defeat upon the soviets , after which the victorious german armies would be brought west to crush the allies and sweep them from the continent .
nevertheless , andrada got his recognition in 2008 as he took the team back to the copa simón bolivar finals ; only this time , his team came victorious .
however , the incident resulted in the disqualification of the victorious german team and the subsequent promotion of russia to second place .
the dead and even the wounded were looted by the victorious league infantry and then the local peasantry .
silhouettes of the victorious army of macbeth can be seen celebrating in the background , but lack of space necessitates the removal of the barren , open landscape seen in fuseli 's earlier paintings for the boydell shakespeare gallery of the same scene .
as a result of the new borders drawn by the victorious nations , large populations suddenly found themselves in hostile territory .
