they battled the villainous prodigy , and drove them away .
in his view , the " villainous race of pirates who fly between the dream - earth and the moon in aerial ships ... are lovecraft 's analogues to burroughs ' race of airborne pirates , the first born or black martians . "
she was seen as a villainous pigeon working for the axis powers .
in 2001 , he become a member of ric flair 's villainous group the magnificent seven with his brother scott .
a villainous shapeshifter from there called proteus ( voiced by roddy mcdowall ) seems to be the island 's worst criminal .
sewell is known for his villainous roles , such as those in " a knight 's tale " , " the legend of zorro " , " bless the child " , " helen of troy " and " the illusionist " .
as well as numerous high profile real life auctions being held at sotheby 's , the auctioneers has also been used in various films , including the 1983 james bond film " octopussy " in which bond ( played by roger moore ) unsuccessfully tried to bid for a rare fabergé egg , which he had cleverly exchanged for a fake that was finally sold to the villainous afghan prince kamal khan ( louis jordan ) .
on july 20 , 2008 , at the great american bash , delaney turned into a villainous character by costing tommy dreamer his ecw championship match against mark henry .
a total of 79 characters encompasses the roster of " warriors orochi " : 48 from " dynasty warriors " , 29 from " samurai warriors " ( including yoshimoto imagawa , kunoichi and goemon ishikawa from the first " samurai warriors " , left out in its sequel ) , and two new characters : the titular character and primary villain , orochi ( 远吕智/八歧大蛇 ) the serpent king and the mythological beast of yamato ; and da ji ( 妲己 ) , the villainous concubine of king zhou of shang from " fengshen yanyi " .
during the autumn of 1994 , there were rumors that the papa shango character would be brought back to participate in a storyline involving bob backlund , wherein shango 's voodoo spells would explain the traditionally good - natured backlund 's erratic and villainous behavior .
ethel certainly has a villainous role in the worst witch to the rescue where she gets mildred banned from art lessons by turning her pot into five rattlesnakes and she steals mildred 's project and passes it off as her own , filling mildred 's project folder with sheets of paper with smiley faces scrawled on .
on " ugly betty " he appeared as one of the hosts of the fictional channel " fashion tv " , and he played villainous car company executive mark chase in an episode of " pushing daisies " .
albano had previously helped turn the villainous pat patterson into a fan favorite , by " purchasing " patterson 's contract against his will .
although he is generally villainous in " battle angel alita " ( though it would be more precise to call him insane ) , he exists as much more of a neutral , ambiguous figure in " last order " .
after a solid supporting part as a jewish concentration camp survivor in the critically acclaimed " voyage of the damned " , as well as the mayor in " heaven 's gate " , he began a long run of portraying villainous types in productions such as ' , " the ransom " and " love and bullets " .
this mythological monster has appeared as a villainous entity in a large number of mainstream and widely popular and notable films , television shows , books , and video games .
upon the group 's inception , it was clear that the horsemen were unlike any villainous alliance that had ever existed .
jocasta proved particularly helpful in the avengers ' first confrontation with the villainous taskmaster , who possessed photographic reflexes that let him duplicate any move he 'd seen only once ; having never even seen jocasta before , the taskmaster could n't predict what she might be about to do .
the villain may do villainous things , but he feels that he is doing them for righteous reasons .
commander of the global league of villainous enterprises ( otherwise known as g.l.o.v.e. - the most powerful and widespread syndicate that the world has ever known ) .
soon after , she entered into an on - screen relationship with dolph ziggler , despite her being a fan favorite and him being a villainous character .
this is a list of villainous characters from the animated television series " a.t.o.m. " .
eventually these people of books reveal to the seven lords their true identity , and that they are being hunted by villainous creatures .
the reasons behind her contradictory actions soon became clear when the digidestined followed her and discovered that she and the leader of the beast - types , hippogryphomon , were the same being and with her deception revealed to both sides , d'arcmon revealed her true identity to be the villainous murmuxmon .
the game , however , encourages players to be honourable , because they will lose their total samurai points for doing villainous acts , and will not be able to unlock secrets .
martin 's distinctive , reedy voice and menacing demeanor made him ideal for villainous roles in many of the best - known westerns of the 1960s and 1970s , including " the horse soldiers " and " the man who shot liberty valance " .
a recurring storyline in the serial has been dot 's continuous forgiveness of her son 's villainous crimes .
in her modelling career , she rebuffed the villainous fashion designer and jewel thief simon garrett when he tried to romance her , and was on friendly terms with gina , an fbi agent posing as an executive at the modelling agency .
another rather notable role was that of voicing the villainous xehanort 's heartless , " ansem " in the square enix - disney video game " kingdom hearts " , although he would be replaced by richard epcar in all subsequent releases in the series .
viki lord ends up running in the next campaign to become llanview 's mayor following her and charlie 's double wedding with clint and nora , putting her against the villainous mayor lowell and dorian lord who has agreed to become his campaign manager to assure that he wins .
it was used as the venue for the racecourse scene in the 1985 james bond film a view to a kill , in which racehorses owned by villainous industrialist max zorin ( christopher walken ) competed .
a graduate of the royal academy of dramatic arts , beckley went onto carve out a career on film and television throughout the 1960s and 1970s often playing villainous roles , as well as being a veteran of numerous stage productions .
this villainous black knight appeared in " the avengers " vol . 1 , # 6 , 14 - 15 ( july 1964 , march - april 1965 ) , and in the feature " iron man " in " tales of suspense " vol . 1 , # 73 ( jan. 1966 ) , in which he was mortally wounded .
desson thompson of " the washington post " wrote that " when van damme is n't duking it out with the english language , scriptwriter chuck pfarrer is filling henriksen 's mouth with villainous pseudo - profundities .
she is the twin sister of fellow legionnaire garth ( lightning lad ) and the younger sister of the villainous mekt ( lightning lord ) .
most notable were her turn as the villainous verena talbo in 1995 's ensemble piece " the grass harp " ( which reunited her with both piper laurie and jack lemmon ) , supporting performance ( opposite nick nolte again ) as the waitress margie fogg in paul schrader 's father - son psychodrama " affliction " ( 1997 ) , and as rose straight in david lynch 's " the straight story " ( 1999 ) .
in the " justice league unlimited " episode , " divided we fall " , brainiac creates robotic copies of the league 's villainous counterparts , the justice lords , with the flash squaring off against a duplicate wearing the red - on - yellow costume of the reverse - flash .
television roles included the recurring role of duke of norfolk in five of the six episodes of " the six wives of henry viii " ( 1970 ) , the villainous nasca in thames television 's aztec - themed drama " the feathered serpent " ( 1976 - 1978 ) , a guest starring spot in the comedy series " the goodies " in the episode " the baddies " , as well as episodes of " paul temple " , " dr. finlay casebook " , " doomwatch " , " the persuaders ! " , " a family at war " , " coronation street " , " softly softly - task force " , " colditz " , " play for today " , " z - cars " , " special branch " , " sutherland 's law " , " the sweeney " , " jason king " , " survivors " , " crown court " , " angels " , " warship " , " van der valk " , " " , " the onedin line " , " all creatures great and small " , " nanny " , " minder " and " inspector morse " .
burly , menacing and gravel - voiced , cramer specialized in villainous roles in many low - budget westerns , but is today best remembered for his several appearances with laurel and hardy .
initially an ally to the main characters , events take a toll on faith 's sanity and she slips into a villainous role .
they were initially villains and were known for bubba ray 's penchant for driving women ( including terri runnels , trish stratus , lita , and mae young ) through tables however they became fan favorites in mid 2000 when they engaged in a feud with the then villainous d - generation x stable which culminated in a tag team table dumpster match at king of the ring 2000 in which bubba drove tori through a table .
lyle developed a reputation for playing the bad guy and excelled in villainous roles such as the menacing joe beacom in " union station " ( 1950 ) and the cold - blooded nazi chief officer kirchner in " the sea chase " ( 1955 ) , a role which exploited his aryan appearance .
wrestlers portrayed either a villainous or fan favorite gimmick , as they followed a series of events which generally built tension , leading to a wrestling match .
heroic and villainous themes .
during their journey , they are pursued by the villainous doc hopper ( charles durning ) , owner of a struggling french - fried frog legs restaurant franchise , and his assistant max ( austin pendleton ) .
the wormery " and is similar to the doctor 's villainous valeyard incarnation .
yang 's anger and hatred gradually subsides when he discovers guo jing 's humble and kind character , and when he learns the truth about his father 's villainous past .
the prophecy was a villainous alliance in the ring of honor wrestling promotion , led by christopher daniels , whose goal was to break down ring of honor and rebuild in their own image .
a villainous telepathic dwarf , doctor psycho has traditionally been presented as an adversary for wonder woman .
the character is a villainous pirate captain of the jolly roger brig , and lord of the pirate village / harbour in neverland , where he is widely feared .
the following week , team 3d revealed in an interview that they had invited the british invasion to tna and felt betrayed by their villainous attitude .
under the direction of the organization 's second known leader , the villainous sensei , the league became more brutal , and rebelled against ra 's ' rule .
in the years to follow , erik would take the villainous guises smuggler and goliath and eventually pretended to be a super hero named atlas .
keenan wynn had played villainous alonzo hawk in many other disney comedies before taking on the role of john slade .
lolo is hanging out with his girlfriend , lala , when suddenly , the villainous great devil spirits her away .
the pair now have to race against time across war - ravaged europe to save the general and catch the villainous officers .
he initially appears as a villainous diplomat opposite londo mollari , being constantly engaged in insidious , if petty and often comical schemes , usually driven by his hostility to his people 's historical enemies , the centauri , whom londo represents .
kraus specialised in villainous characters .
the villainous erik killmonger , offered him another option , a synthetic version of the heart - shaped herb and help finding sal 's son , in return for kasper dropping the black panther identity , becoming a white tiger of the panther cult , and doing a favor for killmonger in the future .
" marvel managed to keep the secret of the thunderbolts ' true villainous identities tightly under wraps before the book launched .
during the 1980s he made a number of appearances , primarily as villainous characters in the films of his former - peking opera school friends , sammo hung , jackie chan and yuen biao .
many memorable characters are introduced , including nicholas ' malevolent uncle ralph , and the villainous wackford squeers , who operates an extremely abusive all - boys boarding school at which nicholas temporarily serves as a tutor .
henry daniell ( 5 march 1894 – 31 october 1963 ) was an english actor , best known for his villainous screen roles , but who had a long and prestigious career on stage as well as in films .
his biggest success in the genre was " le bossu " ( 1857 ) in which a prodigious swordsman , henri de lagardère , disguises himself as a hunchback to avenge his friend the duke de nevers , murdered by the villainous prince de gonzague .
the structure of the song revolves around the rights held by the poor and disenfranchised , in which the speaker of the song , presumably a villainous civil servant ( whose identity is assumed in the song by vocalist joe strummer ) , is only able to name three rights , which are all provisional anyway .
as a result of many unchivalrous acts , such as treachery or rape , being considered villainous in the modern sense of the word , it became used as a term of abuse and eventually took on its modern meaning .
since its release , it has attained a cult following amongst pan - indian audiences due to its dialogues , lots of villainous characters , mithun acting and low production values .
he achieved fame playing villainous roles .
he plays a lead role in james cameron 's sci - fi epic " avatar " as the villainous colonel quaritch .
snorri sturluson writes in the " skáldskaparmál " that two sigars belong to the same clan , the siklings , and that they are the relatives of siggeir , the villainous geatish king in the " völsunga saga " .
also , while robert hays portrayed jeff bridges ' character on the tv adaptation of " starman " and iron man in animation , bridges would go on to play the villainous obadiah stane in the live - action " iron man " film from 2008 .
furthermore , the vulcan high command , under the leadership of the villainous administrator v'las , is working under the assumption that the andorians will " sooner or later " make use of their new weapon , and wonder " is it logical for us to wait to that day ? "
after a highly successful preview at the san diego comic - con , a musical episode of , featuring harris as the villainous music meister , premiered on october 23 , 2009 , on cartoon network .
inspired by his deep hatred of adolf hitler and the nazis , kosleck would make a career in hollywood playing villainous nazis in films .
one of the most obvious changes to the story for the video game is the absence of the villainous organization spectre , who played a vital role in the film version , but not the novel version of " from russia with love " .
dillon apparently returns to his villainous ways after inhabiting a new body , one of senator thomas o'neill , a vice - presidential nominee .
this adaptation focuses on polly peachum 's side of the story and her world as it trips alongside that of jenny diver , a new peachum brother , several comically nefarious underlings , and of course , the ever villainous henry macheath ( known as " mack the knife " in the bertolt brecht and kurt weill adaptation , " the threepenny opera " ) .
he co - starred with jeff bridges as a crusty old 1930s western actor in the comedy " hearts of the west " ( 1975 ) , and he appeared alongside tom berenger as a villainous colonel and cattle baron in the western comedy spoof " rustlers ' rhapsody " ( 1985 ) .
most of the praise was directed towards zinta for her villainous turn .
during their first mission , the villainous morgan edge develops the " whiz wagon " for the unsuspecting boys .
at the end of the series , biff sacrifices his life to stop the villainous vandal savage , although savage would return many times later .
he was a villainous red - suited character with red rabbit ears who attempted to ruin domino 's pizza but was constantly thwarted .
he gained further fame for playing the ambitious duc d'orléans in the historical epic " marie antoinette " ( 1938 ) , opposite norma shearer , tyrone power , john barrymore and robert morley , and gave a notable performance as the villainous nicolas fouquet in " the man in the iron mask " ( 1939 ) .
she first appeared in " adventure comics " # 350 as the hag , an apparently ancient magic user and an agent of the villainous prince evillo .
st. john frequently appeared as arbuckle 's mischievously villainous rival for the attentions of leading ladies like mabel normand , and worked with arbuckle and charles chaplin in " the rounders " ( 1914 ) .
also appearing in the film are nancy kwan as yu - rang , tina louise as lola medina , and nigel green as the villainous count contini .
thus emboldened , he grandiosely speaks of the greatness of his party , the potterbills , presently in power , but also losing ground to the villainous opposition party , the rotterjacks .
in 1979 , after several years of only occasional work , he was hired to play the villainous businessman palmer cortlandt on the soap opera " all my children " .
after a brief stint in extreme championship wrestling , bognar returned to japan , where he joined new japan pro wrestling and became a member of the villainous nwo japan stable as " the free spirit " rick titan .
when the villainous hellfire club attacks the x - men , cassandra nova telepathically strips away beast 's higher human consciousness , leaving him with only his animal instincts .
during their title reign , sydal would begin to show a cocky , villainous - like attitude .
all the members of the villainous dudley family chased for the ecw tag team championship at that time .
like garcia , ballesteros suffers no consequences for his villainous actions besides feeling defeated and humiliated .
he played a great number of villainous or mildly larcenous roles , although his screen roles usually were small .
in the game 's backstory , a villainous sorceress darzel has captured three dragon - slayers : kragor the warrior , flavia the female barbarian , and the good sorceress rina .
while trapped inside and saving the townspeople from being sacrificed by the villainous group pentacle , they perceive that about a day has passed , though due to the effects of magic , a year has actually passed outside .
they are using the technology of kandor , along with several other pieces of super - technology , to find a way to fix the timeline before the villainous skeets finds them .
after the match , homicide turned into a villainous character by attacking several referees and trying to further injure the badly burned joe .
in 1984 and 1985 , rene gave voice to desaad , an associate of the villainous darkseid on the animated series , " super friends " .
" johnny come home " had been withdrawn from sale in the uk due to the presence of a villainous former bandleader named tony rocco ; there is a real former bandleader of that name , who objected to the character 's name .
the " close involvement " of irish politicians with the clergy is seen as " not so much a villainous conspiracy as a bad habit " .
villainous secret six .
hence the book introduces us to a princess who is far from helpless ; a prince who , whilst handsome , is also pompous and vain ; an enchantment which is almost entirely humorous ; a villain who is not entirely villainous and receives no real comeuppance ; a good king who is n't always good ; an evil king who is n't always evil , and so on .
during this same period in early 1980s issues of " wonder woman " , the villainous doctor psycho fused steve 's image with wonder woman 's abilities and became " captain wonder , " sporting a costume similar to wonder woman 's .
he would later be hired by the everso secret service , using his powers to interfere with the plans of the villainous spies from rival organisation , the " nme " .
a prominent role was as the villainous ryker in the television series " shane " , in which freed added a unique touch of realism by beginning the show clean - shaven and growing a beard from one week to the next , never shaving again through the season .
the storyline of " sky commanders " comprises the daily adventures of a multi - racial group of soldiers and mountaineering specialists from all over the world who battle the evil general plague and his goon squad of villainous mercenaries and miscreants , the raiders , whose aim is to seize control of the planet .
many viewers also feel that the film borrows from george romero 's famous horror film " night of the living dead " , in that both films feature a group of survivors banding together and barricading themselves in a building to withstand the onslaught of the villainous creatures .
after having a kiss between she and tenchi interrupted by the villainous kiyone , sasami must transform into her magical alter - ego to save her love and teach his kidnappers a lesson .
it also played a minor role in stephanie lauren 's 12th cynster novel " the truth about love " , where the villainous fritham siblings , jordan and eleanor , often tryst in hellabore hall 's garden of night .
although styles and daniels have both turned villainous , the team has not officially been reformed , as by the time daniels turned , styles was already in christian 's coalition .
hence brock was assigned to protect dr. thaddeus venture and his family , ostensibly to prevent venture 's inventions from falling into villainous hands and threatening national security .
this has earned her many awards for her villainous performances .
in 2008 , evans joined asistencia asesoría y administración as a member of villainous group la legión extranjera ( the foreign legion ) , led by konnan .
as the hermit turned out to be count orsinio , so iacomo turns out to be his brother the villainous uncle .
in her cosmo years , she had memorable performance as both oscar and andre in " rose of versailles " , robert in " pierre the mercenary " and villainous count edmond de lambrouse in " lightning in the daytime " .
mostly cast in villainous roles , he appeared in mario bava 's " planet of the vampires " ( 1965 ) , sergio martino 's " your vice is a locked room and
lana was thus compelled to create a chitinous golden - brown costume ( woven by silkworms under her control ) and adopt a villainous alter ego , the insect queen .
kevin eastman got the idea for shredder 's armor from large trapezoidal cheese graters which he envisioned on a villainous character 's ( originally named " the grater " or " grate man " ) arms .
in " the crossing " , mantis returns as the villainous bride of kang the conqueror with the intention of bringing death to the avengers ; her father libra ( who by now was going by the name " moonraker " as part of force works ) ; and the cotati alien who had possessed the swordsman 's body and married / impregnated her .
originally , dc editorial had planned for captain atom to become the villainous monarch , when this was leaked to the readership , his identity was changed to that of hawk .
in the 2006 - 2007 " lightning saga " crossover between justice society of america and justice league of america , the untold story of how ultra - humanite transitioned from delores winter 's body to his albino - ape form was revealed : per degaton , the villainous time traveler , and a young version of despero rescued the delores winters - version of ultra - humanite from a hospital in the year 1948 .
he is best remembered for villainous characters , most notably as the yankee deserter who trespasses at tara and is shot by scarlett in " gone with the wind " ( 1939 ) and as the drunken and sadistic vigilante smith in " the ox bow incident " ( 1943 ) .
one of wong 's works , " nothing ventured , nothing gained " provides a stark contrast between the villainous axe gang and the peaceful neighbourhood of the pig sty alley , depicted by a chinese folk song , " fisherman ’s song of the east china sea " .
after attempting to steal a device that boosts mental power the character aids the villainous group the headmen .
he then took time off , before resurfacing in june 2009 under a mask and the ring name arma in the japanese wrestling promotion hustle , where he formed a villainous tag team called " armageddon " with geddon .
at that point , solaris will recant its villainous ways and work for the betterment of humanity , becoming an ally of the superman dynasty .
they also compared him to " batman " antagonist the joker , praising him for both his villainous ambition and his laugh .
he was consistently portrayed as a member of the sect , but nevertheless viewed as a villainous traitor to his own nation — a view which became known as the classical concept of josephus .
though thornhill is a loving husband and a good father , his interactions with indigenous inhabitants are villainous .
in " the legend of tarzan " series of animated cartoons produced by disney , muviro is recast as a villainous deposed chief of the waziri .
the idea developed to have chow travelling across the united states , much like david banner of " the incredible hulk " , in search of the purple lady , a villainous ninja who killed chow 's master .
elmo ventures forth , to rescue his blanket from the villainous huxley ( mandy patinkin ) .
it was later revealed that this transformation had been worked by the villainous wizard mordru .
background : the villainous ormondo was in love with isabella , who was happily married to duke bertrando .
in their role as foil , the villain exemplifies characteristics that are diametrically opposed to those of the hero , creating a contrast distinguishing heroic traits from villainous ones .
in the park , weasel crossed the villainous scarface early on and was threatened with violence to help him .
one of the most popular stories of the title character , it establishes doctor doom as a member of his rogues gallery , a villainous counterpart who mirrors the superhero with his wealth , power armor and engineering skill .
in the 2005 grand jury prize sundance film festival nominee " pretty persuasion " , a black comedy / satirical focusing on themes of sexual harassment and discrimination in schools and attitudes about females in media and society , wood played kimberly joyce , a villainous , sexually - active high - schooler .
robert j. wilke ( 18 may 1914 in cincinnati , ohio – 28 march 1989 in los angeles ) was a prolific american film actor noted primarily for his villainous roles , mainly in westerns .
at slammiversary , tna 's preceding pay per view , kurt angle won the tna world heavyweight championship , and subsequently reclaimed his position as leader of the villainous alliance , the main event mafia .
" newsweek " magazine asked alfonso cuarón , director of the third film based on rowling 's " prisoner of azkaban " if the villainous wizard voldemort still reminded him of george w. bush .
brian peterson explained that the new executive producers were looking for a villainous character that was " as great as lex " , with michael rosenbaum 's departure , and doomsday fit what they were looking for .
the 1997 thriller " breakdown " featured walsh as the villainous truck driver , which raised his profile to movie audiences .
the woman and boy are turned over to the villainous brand , who , under chester 's orders , locks them away and denies them food .
the welsh singer won acclaim at most of the world 's major operatic venues , although he was sometimes considered too cheerful - looking to play the villainous parts often given to baritones .
gorshin 's varied career included appearing as the villainous mr. wesker in the miniseries " goliath awaits " ( 1981 ) and as the cantankerous king gama in the opera " princess ida " in 1982 as part of the pbs series " the compleat gilbert and sullivan " .
one such example is the style of the mizuchi sisters eyes , an example being reimi mizuchi , whose eyes would often shift to show off a more villainous appearance , or would narrow like a snake 's .
played by harry groener , he was the villainous mayor of the series ' fictional town of sunnydale .
this superwoman was a member of the crime syndicate of america , a villainous counterpart of the justice league of america from the parallel world of " earth - three " ( vs. the justice league 's world of " earth - one " ) .
to date , " from russia with love " , " thunderball " , " you only live twice " and " quantum of solace " are the only films in which bond does not give his trademark introduction — although in " thunderball " , the villainous character fiona volpe mocks him by saying it to him ( as does valentin dmitrovitch zukovsky in " the world is not enough " ) .
as a satire of high fantasy the novel mocks most of the conventions of the genre from using traditional villainous races , orcs — as the protagonists — to having the noble characters have much less than noble motivations and secrets .
that stable career was destroyed when a villainous rival lord , lord hikiji , sent ninja to assassinate the mifune family .
carnovsky portrayed george gershwin 's father in " rhapsody in blue " in 1945 , and in " dead reckoning " ( 1947 ) , he starred as the villainous nightclub owner martinelli with humphrey bogart .
when charles xavier formed a young team of mutants to be x - men - in - training , the villainous hellfire club retaliated .
other main cast members included shemar moore as huntress ' love interest detective jesse reese , and mia sara as the villainous dr. harleen quinzel ( harley quinn ) .
jayne plays against type as a villainous stage actress with her eyes set on colton .
bonham carter played the villainous red queen , alongside notable actors such as johnny depp , alan rickman , anne hathaway , and christopher lee , in burton 's 2010 film , " alice in wonderland " , and enid blyton in an adaptation of her life entitled " enid " .
she begins assisting matt in his attempts to help people : as the villainous luger assesses , mermaids are drawn to protecting the innocent , it 's " in their blood " .
gotsumon is a servant of merkurimon , and is considerably more villainous than the gotsumon of previous seasons .
the object of the game is to rescue them from the clutches of the villainous king pete .
dragon disposed of the villainous lord farquaad by swallowing him .
in 1930 , power had a final great role as the villainous " bull whacker " red flack in raoul walsh 's widescreen epic " the big trail " , which was power 's first ( and only ) talkie and provided an unknown john wayne with his first starring role .
he starred in the 1957 film " kanał " , directed by andrzej wajda ( credited as wladyslaw sheybal ) , before finding more lasting success in british films and television , usually cast in villainous roles .
" time out london " called the film " extraordinarily handsome to look at , with exquisite technicolor camerawork by wong howe and some imaginative designs ... [ it ] has its longueurs , but it does capture the sense of a lazy mississippi summer and much of the spirit of the book , with jory making a superbly villainous injun joe . "
he became widely known for his ten years as the villainous greg sumner on the drama series " knots landing "
the plot focuses on batman trying to stop two - face ( tommy lee jones ) and the riddler ( jim carrey ) in their villainous scheme to drain information from all the brains in gotham city .
the archaeopteryxes , an army of birds intent on cruelty and destruction , support the desires of the villainous leaders .
in 2007 , raimi expressed interest in portraying the transformation of dr. curt connors into his villainous alter - ego , the lizard ; the character 's actor dylan baker and producer grant curtis have also been enthusiastic about the idea .
dr. manislav is summoned to the scene by yana , the old servant of the villainous count irtenev .
once , when the " beep " was sent to investigate queenie bee and her swarm of villainous bees , it returned with the letters " eep " swollen with bee stings .
" countdown " spin - off series " countdown presents : lord havok and the extremists " depicted a version of sinestro in its 3rd issue ( 2008 ) from an alternate world referred to as " green sinestro " , depicted as a part of the villainous monarch 's army .
one such tai chi master is the villainous chief chin ( carter wong ) of the chin yin chi clan .
it is also one of the few entries in the series to not have a plot involving foiling a villainous character 's evil plan .
the villainous bilis manger had schemed to ensure his freedom , manipulating the torchwood three crew .
chinatown served as the setting for classic british anti - chinese literature such as villainous dr. fu manchu as well as a setting for the sherlock holmes story " the man with the twisted lip " .
as the two confronted each other , the weird sisters appeared , taking control of both of them as part of a wider scheme by the villainous archmage of castle wyvern to take over avalon , the mystical island .
his first role was in bruce lee 's " the big boss " as the villainous " hsiao chiun " .
in a white dungeon beneath the palace , venemon reveals his villainous plan to liberate the dragon goddess , the serpent queen from her underground prison where she was banished by the ancient egyptians .
as an animator for disney , his first credit was on the film pinocchio , where he was the lead animator for the villainous coachman .
after enrolling in miss fisher 's academy in wengen , he played his first villainous role as rumpelstiltskin .
later cast members to join the programme included colin baker as the villainous financial whizzkid and proto - yuppie paul merroney , liza goddard as his secretary then wife april winter and kate o'mara as jane maxwell , the tough female boss of an air freight business .
during a battle with the villainous parasite , magog 's teammate captain atom is critically injured , causing him to explode with the force of an atomic bomb .
like they were in the comics , this brotherhood of evil are a villainous organization out to take over the world .
the following month , hall formed an alliance with fellow villainous diva melina , and the pair teamed together on numerous occasions throughout the end of the year .
knox , who first gained fame as the villainous dr. peter white on the series st.
in 1984 , spradlin played a villainous southern sheriff in " tank " .
warduke often was seen teamed with the villainous sorcerer kelek , and even once appeared on the " dungeons & dragons " animated tv series .
the antagonist to the contestants is the ghost of lord macabre ( ford kiernan ) , professor macabre 's villainous ancestor who sets up each game for the contestants .
though several actors appeared in multiple villainous roles , only one other character had a second encounter with west and gordon : count manzeppi ( played flamboyantly by victor buono ) , a diabolical genius of " black magic " and crime , who – like dr. loveless – had an escape plan at the end .
d'arcy was performing his show on a los angeles stage when he was spotted by director erich von stroheim , who thought d'arcy was just right for the part of the villainous , arrogant prince mirko in " the merry widow " .
in this version of events , the heroic luthor traveled from his earth ( located in the anti - matter universe rather than being an alternate positive - matter one ) to the mainstream dc earth , posed as his villainous counterpart , and subsequently asked the justice league to help him rebuild his world .
she is a royal villainous descendant of granny and possibly her son floyd ( baby looney tunes ) , who actually protected tweety from sylvester .
now soulless , angelus reunites with his old friends , the villainous vampires spike ( james marsters ) and drusilla ( juliet landau ) , and begins terrorising buffy and her friends .
the show has been widely praised for its dialogue , animation , and characters ( both heroic and villainous ) .
ravens are by far the most high - ranking villainous birds in the series .
points could also be subtracted for treachery and sabotage , which were the specialties of the villainous really rottens team .
one time upon stealing the crown of mogul , alibar was forced to become a slave and warrior for the villainous lord .
at the same time , sparrow tries to release himself from an old debt with villainous davy jones .
he also played her guardian in " anari , " though this time the role had a villainous touch to it .
when song jiang is forced to commit suicide by the villainous officials in the imperial court , he is worried that li kui might stir up trouble after his death .
he describes his childhood as " preparation " for portraying the " unattractive " , villainous characters whom he has most often played .
yun was renamed akio ( a reference to japanese wrestler akio sato ) and aligned himself with sakoda , forming the villainous tag team kyo dai ( japanese for " brothers " ) , the henchmen of the native japanese wrestler tajiri .
in 2003 , he appeared in will ferrell 's " old school " as a gay sex education teacher , and as a villainous santa in the movie " the hebrew hammer " .
he was able to play against type and starred as a villainous gold hunter in a johnny weismuller jungle jim film .
his best - remembered creations are the mysterious avenger known as judex ( co - created with — and for — filmmaker louis feuillade who directed the first fantômas serials ) and the villainous belphegor , the so - called " ghost of the louvre " .
beef is recruited to the hellfire club 's junior team of mutants by the villainous white queen .
he became a villainous character for the first time in 1950 .
dons a variant robin costume made of jason todd 's old tunic and mask and assorted league of assassin gear , and gets into a fight with and decapitates the villainous spook .
in stephen sondheim 's 1977 broadway musical ' , he serves as the villainous judge turpin 's chief henchman , and one of the antagonists and helps him frame and exile benjamin barker and procures the barber 's wife lucy for turpin to rape .
in both stories , one of the main characters is a rich , kindhearted man with a hidden villainous past , who is blackmailed by someone whom he had spared during his criminal time , and forced to support them .
kajak suggests they seek guidance from paxton 's old mentor ras thavas , the so - called " master - mind of mars , " formerly villainous and still somewhat amoral .
hughes became a villainous reverend character alongside his protégé deacon bautista .
both she and her child were imprisoned for edmund 's crimes against the santa prisca government , with the child growing up in prison to become the villainous bane .
ironically , the words of wisdom are placed in the mouth of the moor , typically the villainous and demonized character of medieval theater , as acanthe the fortune - teller states “
k-9 mark i follows the villainous reptilian warrior jixen who come through a space - time portal created by the professor 's experiments and saves the londoners .
terra herself was in fear of the results , afraid that she might in fact be a villainous traitor .
editor jack cole , who would create the classic plastic man a year later , revamped the character in the next issue and pitted him against " silver streaks lead character , the villainous claw , for a five - issue battle that made daredevil a star .
unlike her role in history , nōhime is usually portrayed as a femme fatale , in line with the traditional villainous portrayal of her husband , nobunaga oda .
harry steven " mental case " durbano ( december 12 , 1951 in toronto , ontario – november 16 , 2002 in yellowknife , northwest territories ) was a professional ice hockey player noted for his villainous behavior on the ice and his larger - than - life persona off it .
for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for " double double e " ( wwe ) but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying " i could beat both of them . "
he then forged an uneasy yet effective alliance with mister terrific , combining their powers of electrical manipulation and invisibility to technology to strike the villainous ai from the inside .
ekron had one of its eyes , the mystic " emerald eye of ekron " later used by the villainous emerald empress in " legion of super - heroes " , ripped out by lobo .
at that moment , cortex vows to be more villainous and horrible in the future .
jay 's distinctive baritone voice often landed him villainous roles .
he even mocked aphrodite , though all he could find was that she was talkative and had creaky sandals he even found fit to mock zeus , saying he is a violent god and lusts for woman , giving birth to two villainous sons equal to him in disgust ( works of apollonius molon ) .
previously , echoing the ruthlessness of his seventh self , he also impassively stood by as the villainous lady cassandra exploded , viewing it a fitting end for her actions ( it was left ambiguous as to whether he could have spared her ) .
this classic quartet of stories , with john hicklenton ’s incredible art , introduced the character of the villainous chief inspector ryan , the embodiment of racism within the police force ( 1999 ) .
williams was set to reprise the role in a more villainous light in the sequel , " batman returns " , but his character was deleted and replaced with original villain max shreck .
in 2007 , he was cast as the villainous edmund in the public theater production of " king lear " starring kevin kline in the title role and directed by james lapine .
the knight is , in some versions , a normal , but villainous , mortal man , but in others he is an " elf knight " .
in avestan traditions , his common epithet " mairya- " ( deceitful , villainous ) can be interpreted as meaning ' an evil man ' .
finally resorting to murder to make a new monster , ironically , the monster turns out to turn on him and apparently destroy the villainous baron once and for all .
for example , in 1668 , a dutch writer named o. dapper , drawing from the records of samuel blommaert , described a people called the " kalbongos " at the rio del rey : " the people who live higher up the river [ from a coastal trading settlement ] , by them called " kalbongos " , are bold men , but villainous rogues . "
legge 1872:625 ) only mentions the villainous taowu ; " the ancient kings located t'aou - wuh in [ one of ] the four distant regions , to encounter the sprites and other evil things . "
this is unusual , as villainous characters are normally restricted from this duty in a children 's show , unless they are cast in the role of the " bad example " .
other prominent characters in the sunday strip included dr. huer , who punctuated his speech with the exclamation , " heh ! " , the villainous killer kane and his paramour ardala , and black barney , who began as a space pirate but later became buck 's friend and ally .
frey 's television credits included appearances on " hallmark hall of fame " , " medical center " , " mission impossible " , " the mary tyler moore show " , " eight is enough " , " quincy , m.e. " , " hart to hart " , " barney miller " , " moonlighting " , and " murder , she wrote " , as well as a co - starring role as the villainous parker tillman on the short - lived abc western comedy " best of the west " .
the most " non - villainous " role he ever had post - a kindred spirit was the role of a doctor on
this turned rhodes into a villainous character and meant that he and dibiase won the championship .
slagar , a villainous fox craving revenge for a crime never committed against him , intends to capture slaves from redwall and take them to an underground kingdom ruled by a mysterious , god - like figure named malkariss to be sold as slaves .
the serial stars béla lugosi as the villainous doctor zorka with dorothy arnold and robert kent .
throughout 2006/7 , thorson played the villainous rosemary king in the itv series , " emmerdale " , and most recently played hesther salomon in the uk tour of " equus " which co - starred simon callow and alfie allen .
however , he was usually cast in bit parts and also found himself typecast in villainous roles as a nazi , criminal , or mad scientist .
the villainous archer reappeared with monocle and phobia in an attempt to kill the shadow thief at his trial , and in the process the villains found themselves battling manhunter .
michael anthony " marc " alaimo ( born may 5 , 1942 ) is an american actor , known for his villainous roles .
twice " and " live and let die " ) , and then on the moon ( the film 's final villainous homage , to " moonraker " ) .
the villainous rupert of hentzau gave his name to the sequel published in 1898 , which is included in some editions of this novel .
in the penultimate episode of the series , " captain jack harkness " , she and captain jack ( john barrowman ) are sent to the year 1941 by the villainous bilis manger ( murray melvin ) , where being japanese , tosh is the victim of bigotry .
fueled with arrogance , he attacked both sonic and later shadow the hedgehog -- after briefly helping them against the villainous croctobot — but as the two teamed up on him be began to tire out , and he became overwhelmed when the other freedom fighters joined in .
the relationship between lita and kane lasted until the may 16 episode of " raw " , when lita took on a villainous role by betraying kane , helping edge defeat him in the finals of the " raw " gold rush tournament .
she is , however , comforted by wolverine , who says that despite their villainous ways , her parents must have genuinely loved her in order to " raise a kid as good as her . "
on the planet cybertron , some time before the departure of optimus prime and megatron 's crews and their subsequent four - million - year exile on earth , the dinobot - to - be swoop went by the name " divebomb , " but when he was defeated in battle by an aerial decepticon ace , the villainous victor claimed the name for his own - now , this decepticon was divebomb , and he eventually became a member of the predacons .
in fact , johnson had indeed perished , while his foe survived , retiring his villainous identity but continuing his nefarious activities in secret .
on the october 23 , 2008 episode of " impact " kurt angle , sting , booker t and kevin nash formed a villainous alliance called the main event mafia , whose aim was to teach the younger stars of tna about respect .
