he is best known for sentencing socialite paris hilton to 45 days in jail for violating terms of her probation .
the newspaper published the " kvitel " , prompting criticism from other news sources and from the rabbi of the western wall for violating the privacy that is inherent in " kvitlach " placed in the wall .
morse initially suspended frederick for five days for violating the school district 's anti - drug policy , but later increased the suspension to ten days after frederick quoted thomas jefferson .
park was originally signed as an insurance policy for the bullpen , as reliever j. c. romero was assigned a fifty - game suspension after violating the major league baseball drug policy , but won the fifth starter 's job in spring training .
on multiple occasions baskerville has quoted new jersey judge richard russell 's instruction to fellow judges " your job is not to become concerned about the constitutional rights of the man that you ’re violating , " .
the first recipient was mabel mcfiggin of rochester , new york ; the first retailer to redeem the stamps was joseph mutolo ; and the first retailer caught violating program rules was nick salzano in october 1939 .
authorities ordered several radio and television stations to temporarily cease operations for violating the media code of conduct , particularly during the election campaign .
in operation wilfred , to take place on april 5 ( but delayed to april 8) , the norwegian territorial waters were to be mined , violating norwegian neutrality .
defrocking is usually the result of blatantly disobeying the order and discipline of the united methodist church and violating biblical standards .
the defendant , harris , was charged with violating the statute , and he sued under 42 u.s.c. § 1983 to get an injunction preventing district attorney younger from enforcing the law on the grounds that it violated the free speech guarantee .
one day before fall practice began , returning quarterback rhett bomar and j.d. quinn , a projected starter on the offensive line , were kicked off the team for violating ncaa rules when they received payment for work they did not do .
in september 2006 , he was indicted for violating his probation by living less than from a park in downtown brunswick , and was ordered to move .
in october 2008 , the prosecutor general of a magistrate 's court in amman charged islam samhan with insulting islam and the quran as well as violating the press and publications law for incorporating verses of the quran into a book of love poetry .
in 2003 , edward fedora and gisela fedora were charged with violating , " unlawful sale of a medal of honor " , for selling medals awarded to u.s. navy seaman robert blume ( for action in the spanish - american war ) and to u.s. army first sergeant george washington roosevelt ( for action in the civil war ) to an fbi agent .
both camps did agree that trade should be handled by japanese going overseas instead of foreigners coming into japan and violating the country 's seclusion laws .
the name of the club and the date and year of its founding were written in gold on a white background , violating the so - called rule of tincture .
a subsequent transaction may modify data changed by a prior transaction without violating the durability principle .
he said that a person who physically tries to stop a mother from throwing her " baby into the fire " should be punished for violating her property rights .
in march 2009 , rogers was jailed for violating probation .
it aroused much controversy , after then president george w. bush admitted to violating a specific federal statute ( fisa ) and the warrant requirement of the fourth amendment to the united states constitution .
however , on august 11 , 2004 , he was arrested in winnipeg for violating that probation order for an incident at the york hotel in swift current , saskatchewan , august 9 , 2004 .
the international edition , " azzaman in english " , is fiercely critical of the u.s. occupation in its editorials , accusing u.s. leaders of violating " every single article of international conventions laid down to regulate the behavior of occupation troops " and of deploying " shallow , naive , and childish " rhetoric to defend their goals in the region .
indeed , if the copyright violating endeavor lost money , no recourse would be available in the courts .
this was challenged in the federal court of australia on the grounds of violating the implied constitutional freedom of political communication and/or exceeding the regulation making power of the " world youth day act 2006 ( nsw ) " .
the teacher praised his skills but he failed the grade for violating the textbook 's guidelines .
israel and the united nations stated that the explosion was a hidden hezbollah weapons cache , and condemned hezbollah for violating resolution 1701 .
the workshop that had begun with eight people had grown to draw an audience nearing 250 people , violating fire codes and pitt regulations .
if you were not prepared to act accordingly , you would be violating this rule ; and in fact you would not be uttering a moral judgment at all , according to hare .
however , saic was charged by the south korean prosecutor 's office for violating company regulations and the south korean law when it ordered and carried out the transfer of ssangyong 's proprietary technology developed with south korean government funding over to saic researchers .
in the first place , they viewed the white settlements as violating the azgen taboo .
he is charged with violating u.s. airspace by flying without a proper license , and wearing underwear in public .
it was shown to indira gandhi , india 's pm , who cancelled monkey exports to the u.s. , because the photograph suggested the u.s. navy was violating a treaty with india that forbade military research on animals .
to save his honor , and to avoid being exiled ( and thus forced to distance himself from his mistress ) , the knight ( once the lord has promised to keep his secret ) reveals to his lord where his heart truly lies , thus violating his promise to his mistress .
violating the treaty that they had signed with the former king of granada , which guaranteed religious freedom for muslims , they forced all muslims in their dominions to convert to christianity or else be expelled .
if a pitcher repeatedly commits illegal actions without runners on base , he may be subject to ejection for persistently violating the rules .
it happened recently when a female victim of a gang rape was sentenced by a saudi court to six months in prison and 200 lashes for violating laws on segregation of the sexes , as she was in an unrelated man 's car at the time of the attack .
danny is still arrested for violating parole , the police having been tipped off by benedict , and spends some months in prison .
in late 1973 , a court found agnew guilty of violating tax laws .
on february 12 , 2007 ray nagin and others were held in contempt of court for violating the consent order .
violating the statute would result in a longer sentence , seven years , than the five usually given to a rapist in the uk .
other models are violating the energy conservation law and are incompatible with modern thermodynamics .
this is important inasmuch as , under the canadian system , criminal law is within the realm of the federal authority , so anyone violating this act would be subject to quasi - criminal not full criminal enforcement .
microsoft has also agreed not to sue open source developers for violating patents in non - profit projects for the part of the framework which is covered by the osp .
in july 2009 kevin beary plead guilty to violating florida ethics laws in the above mentioned case .
eventually , gaioz devdariani was charged with violating article 58 for alleged counter - revolutionary activities and was executed in 1938 by the orders of the nkvd troika .
during the course of the campaign , several controversies arose , with parties being accused by one another and the election commission of india of violating the model code of conduct that was in force during the election .
in 1985 , cherry , and margo st. james , filed a lawsuit against ed koch , then mayor of new york city , seeking to overturn new york 's laws banning prostitution on the grounds that cherry 's disability would make it impossible for him to find sexual companionship other than prostitutes , thereby violating the equal protection clause of the fourteenth amendment to the united states constitution .
the blanket primary , when voters could vote for all parties ' primaries on the same ballot was struck down by the united states supreme court as violating the first amendment guarantee of freedom of assembly in the case california democratic party v. jones .
presumably work on these films was subcontracted , rather than sourced by disney directly , to avoid violating the trading with the enemy act . " empress chung " is a 2005 animated feature film which was a co - production between the north and south korea .
if the variable has a signed integer type an overflow can cause its value to wrap and become negative , violating the assumption contained in the program and perhaps leading to unintended behavior .
rushdie 's book contains passages that many muslims – including ayatollah khomeini – considered offensive to islam and the prophet , but the fatwa has also been attacked for violating the rules of fiqh by not allowing the accused an opportunity to defend himself , and because " even the most rigorous and extreme of the classical jurist only require a muslim to kill anyone who insults the prophet in his hearing and in his presence . "
the city of albuquerque passed an ordinance to regulate " efficiency standards for heating and cooling equipment , " which was struck down by the u.s. district court as violating the commerce clause of the u.s. constitution .
the third council , in 585 , at which 43 bishops and the representatives of 20 other bishops assisted , tried the bishops accused of having taken part in the revolt of gondebaud , fixed the penalties for violating the sunday rest , insisted on the obligation of paying tithes , established the right of the bishop to interfere in the courts when widows and orphans were concerned , determined the relative precedence of clerics and laymen , and decreed that every three years a national synod should be convoked by the bishop of lyon and the king .
in an essay posted to the lew rockwell website he described his opposition to " ridiculous " sodomy laws , but his fear that federal courts were grossly violating their role of strictly interpreting the constitution , and setting a dangerous precedent of legislating from the bench , by declaring ' sodomy ' a constitutional right .
failure to follow these requirements can result in the loss of protected status and make the individual violating the requirements a lawful military target .
it culminated with the inter - american commission issuing a report in which it condemned the united states for violating the dann sisters ' human rights .
however , other rabbis believe that modern archeological and other evidence has enabled them to identify areas that can be safely entered without violating jewish law .
in the 18-page summary dedicated to the case in the yearly report by the ombudsman , gillberg and gothenburg university are criticized for violating the freedom of information act and thus kärfve 's and elinder 's civil right to access to records belonging to the state .
in 1997 pellar was convicted of criminal contempt for violating an earlier injunction against making false representations , issued in connection with a " permanent makeup " business and a paralegal training academy , and in 1998 he was sentenced to 67 months in prison for the contempt conviction .
the lord speaker or deputy speaker can not determine which members may speak , or discipline members for violating the rules of the house ; these measures may be taken only by the house itself .
in both pure and applied mathematics ( optimization , numerical integration , or mathematical physics , for example ) , " well - behaved " also means not violating any assumptions needed to successfully apply whatever analysis is being discussed .
she was later arrested again for violating the terms of her parole by trying to sneak back into virginia .
the majority opinion concluded that by violating the laws of two different states , the defendant committed separate offenses against each state ; for this reason , the constitutional prohibition on prosecuting or convicting somebody " for the same offense " did not apply , and the court affirmed the defendant 's conviction .
later he was arrested for violating press laws in connection with two articles he published in late 1906 and early 1907 .
prior to this he had also been suspended four games for violating the substance abuse policy in 2004 and completed an offseason alcohol rehabilitation program .
both parties brought actions challenging the ohio election laws as violating the equal protection clause of the fourteenth amendment .
the presiding officer decides all questions of orders during debate , seats in the camber , calls members to order for violating rules , and approves all claims for supplies and services .
jelisić was apprehended by a team of us navy seals ( as a nato sfor team ) in january 1998 , and faced trial for one count of genocide , sixteen counts of violating the customs of war and fifteen counts of crimes against humanity in relation to his involvement in the inhumane treatment and systematic killing of detainees at the luka camp , where he was alleged to have , every day , " entered luka ’s main hangar , where most detainees were kept , selected detainees for interrogation , beat them and then often shot and killed them " .
the congress that passed the taft – hartley amendments considered repealing the norris - laguardia act to the extent necessary to permit courts to issue injunctions against strikes violating a no - strike clause , but chose not to do so .
thus , these sections supplement each other in an effort to prevent businesses from violating the spirit of the act , while technically remaining within the letter of the law .
despite fielding competitive teams and scoring a major recruiting victory by persuading eric gordon to sign with iu , sampson could not keep his promise to iu to stop violating ncaa rules .
according to the boston college law school study , " a dentist who is found guilty of violating the ada code of ethics can be sentenced , censured , suspended , or expelled from the ada " and the " ada forbids its dentists from suggesting mercury removal under threat of license suspension " .
he wishes to " stop special interests from violating property rights and literally driving families from their homes , farms and ranches . "
breasts ” in public , therefore violating the new law passed by the political elite .
sheikhan , a resident alien since he was nine years old , was arrested at his las vegas home on august 30th , 2007 for violating his immigration status due to a 1995 conviction for misdemeanor sexual battery on a child under 18 , where he served nine months in prison and five years probation .
dish network independent dealers have repeatedly been charged and fined for employing illegal telemarketing tactics , such as violating do not call lists and making calls in which a live telemarketer does not connect promptly after the call is answered .
tapes recovered from the airliner 's cockpit voice recorder indicate that the crew were unaware that they were off course and violating soviet airspace .
pakistan 's religious affairs minister muhammad ijaz - ul - haq stated that " he has not only embarrassed pakistan but also the leadership of saudi arabia by violating the agreement . "
on december 4 , 2008 , de castro was arrested and jailed indefinitely for violating his bail conditions when , according to federal district court judge francisco besosa he has at least three improper contacts with government witnesses .
the human rights organisation cofadeh , founded in 1982 by 12 families of people who disappeared during the previous year , reported that 609 people , of whom at least 61 minors , were detained for " political scandal " ( participation in political demonstrations ) , and 158 were detained for violating curfew , between 28 june and 12 july .
the $ 100,000 settlement fee , less $ 31,462.93 paid to matthew katzer / kam , kevin russell by robert jacobsen because of an anti - slapp motion sanction judgment imposed against robert jacobsen for violating matthew katzer ’s first amendment free speech rights ( federal district court document # 111 , october 20 , 2006 ) , has resulted in net proceeds of $ 68,537.07 over the 4 year litigation period to robert jacobsen .
both sides were constantly accusing each other of violating the treaty within the course of the next 15 years .
on 1 november 2005 , a united nations security council committee imposed a travel ban and asset freeze on katanga for violating an arms embargo .
within a year however , johnson was on the run from new york authorities after violating his parole for the third time .
frank was arrested for concealed weapons charges , violating the alien registration act , and murder for hire .
in march 2007 , bgg founder , scott alden banned a user for the first time in the history of the site on the grounds of violating the code of conduct .
instead , he tries to talk sheridan into leaving proxima without a fight ; sheridan tells him that clark is violating the earth alliance constitution and the proxima treaty ; his blockade of proxima 3 is illegal .
he immediately resumed his calls for attacks on israel , using tactics including suicide bombings , thus violating the condition of his release .
in 2001 the company agreed to pay a $ 1.46 million fine for violating federal and illinois clean - air regulations at its decatur feed plant and to spend $ 1.6 million to reduce air pollution there .
the ufw petition asks trader joe 's to implement a corporate policy to ensure that their suppliers are not violating the law by failing to provide basic protections "
their most noted member is 71-hour ahmed , who gained his name for violating the ancient 3-day custom by executing a criminal one hour before it expired , an act so unthinkable that " other " d'regs call him the most feared man in all of klatch .
two days after bleem ! started taking preorders for their emulator , sony filed suit against them alleging that they were violating their rights and that providing access for playstation games to run on non - sony hardware constituted unfair competition .
" schmerber v. california " , 384 u.s. 757 ( 1966 ) , was a decision by the united states supreme court , which held that a state may , over the suspect 's protest , have a physician extract blood from a person suspected of drunken driving without violating the suspect ' fourth amendment rights .
this company was pressumably involved in " gray traficking " , in violating of honduran law .
toluca are in the process of taking this matter to fifa so they can suspend farias for a certain amount of time for violating his agreement with toluca .
however , the act also provides a defence for public authorities if their convention violating act is in pursuance of a mandatory obligation imposed upon them by westminster primary legislation .
violating this warning may result in the confiscation of pleasure craft .
on november 3 , 2007 , henry received a four game suspension from the nfl for violating the league 's substance abuse policy .
the books contained geographical names only in slovak violating the basic rules of the hungarian language and the minorities ' right of usage of their native language .
on september 3 , 2004 , tate was detained and held in prison for violating the terms of his house arrest when he was found out of his house and carrying a four - inch knife .
although the crisis was defused the following month with the signing of a " pacto de caballeros " ( gentlemen 's agreement ) , by which both sides committed themselves to abandon these posts and separate their forces , the aftermath of the incident saw both countries accusing each other of violating the accord and reinforcing their military presence in the disputed area .
the plaintiff , joseph hayden , a former incarcerated felon and campaign director at unlock the block , argues that the law has a disproportionate impact on african americans and therefore violates section 2 of the federal voting rights act as a denial of the right to vote on account of race , in addition to violating the first , fourteenth , and fifteenth amendments .
a 38 page report by amnesty international said that the hsu was violating the international standards of treatment of prisioners .
this exception was specifically requested by the american trucking associations to allow tank trucks to reach the maximum legal gross weight without violating the bridge formula law .
the government of pakistan has repeatedly claimed that by constructing a fence along the line of control , india is violating the shimla accord .
the electronic frontier foundation ( eff ) filed a class - action lawsuit against at&t on january 31 , 2006 , accusing the telecommunication company of violating the law and the privacy of its customers by collaborating with the national security agency ( nsa ) in a massive , illegal program to wiretap and data - mine americans ' communications .
to rescue little children from the cruelty and demoralization which neglect , abandonment and improper treatment engender ; to aid by all lawful means in the enforcement of the laws intended for their protection and benefit ; to secure by like means the prompt conviction and punishment of all persons violating such laws and especially such persons as cruelly ill treat and shamefully neglect such little children of whom they claim the care , custody or control .
… violating donald ’s civil rights … ” , received a sentence for life in prison .
they told the council it could face a fine of up usd$396,000 for violating the endangered species act .
jarrah did not apply for a change in his status , from a tourist visa to a student visa , thus violating his immigration status .
thus , " outlaw " is still commonly used to mean those violating the law or , by extension , those living that lifestyle , whether actual criminals evading the law or those merely opposed to " law - and - order " notions of conformity and authority ( such as the " outlaw country " music movement in the 1970s ) .
in 1996 , the constitution was further modified , allowing the formation of political parties not " founded on a religious , linguistic , racial , sex , corporatist or regional basis " or violating " the fundamental liberties , the fundamental values and components of the national identity , the national unity , the security and integrity of the national territory , the independence of the country and the people ’s sovereignty as well as the democratic and republican nature of the state . "
wto members have agreed that , if they believe fellow - members are violating trade rules , they will use the multilateral system of settling disputes instead of taking action unilaterally .
oliveros further accused suarez of violating paragraph 4 of section 2 , of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith 's " instruction on prayers for healing " , signed in 2000 by then - cardinal joseph ratzinger .
massachusetts was also charged with violating the supremacy clause of the u.s. constitution .
the artist and organization faced allegations of violating canada 's child pornography laws , but the case was won and all charges dropped .
the classical rabbis expressed the opinion that each of the food rules could be waived , if the portion of food violating the regulations was less than a certain size , known as a " shiur " ( hebrew : " size " , שיעור ) , unless it was still possible to taste or smell it ; for the " milk and meat " regulations , this minimal size was a " ke'zayit " ( כזית ) , literally meaning anything " similar to an olive " in size .
violating the blockade is considered a misdemeanor with a possible penalty of a fine of up to $ 1,000 and up to 30 days in jail .
some of these problems are caused by originating systems violating or stretching the limits of rfcs ; verification problems are only reflecting these problems back to the senders , like unintentionally used invalid addresses , rejection of the null sender , or greylisting ( where , for example , the delay caused by the verifying recipient is closely related to the delay caused by the originator ) .
west point 's cadet honor code reads simply that : " a cadet will not lie , cheat , or steal , or tolerate those who do . " cadets accused of violating the honor code face an investigative and hearing process .
as for the outcome , the penalty for violating the constraint is such that the decision maker will refrain from selecting a decision that will allow nature to violate the constraint within the state space pertaining to the selected decision .
the rule serves primarily to deter police officers from willfully violating a suspect 's fourth amendment rights .
the minister had been convicted for violating the fugitive slave law .
mcgee was also charged with two counts of criminal contempt for allegedly violating the secrecy order related to the john doe proceedings .
in a landmark case known as " gates v. collier " ( 1972 ) four inmates represented by haber sued the superintendent of parchman farm for violating their rights under the united states constitution .
he was suspended for the week 9 game against memphis for violating team rules .
colonel smith was indicted in new york for violating the neutrality act of 1794 and put on trial .
nathan was imprisoned on several occasions for violating israeli laws forbidding contact with enemy countries and the plo .
in 1985 , after being convicted of violating the selective service act , he served five and a half months in federal prison , longer than any american draft resister since the vietnam war .
malaysian fast - attack vessel " kd yu-3508 " ( malaysian navy boat ) on 04.03.00 lu/118.01.70 east longitude position , and entered indonesia territory at 12 sea miles , clearly violating the unclos on sea border territory .
in one case ( vincent cate ) , an encryption expert living in anguilla chose to renounce his us citizenship to avoid the possibility of violating us laws that may prohibit us citizens from " exporting " encryption software .
he was convicted of violating the mann act in 1959 and , after a short prison term , retired to miami beach , florida , where he and meyer lansky operated a real estate empire .
in spite of the ambiguity , nofziger was indicted and later convicted of violating the law .
on june 6 , 1988 , judge wartnick found elders in contempt of court for violating the earlier restraining orders .
in response to his refusal to cooperate in any way , on february 26 , 1975 he was again arrested , and charged with violating the repressive " administrative supervision " measures which had been imposed on him the previous summer .
in september 2009 , abdul kahar ahmad pleaded guilty in a malaysian sharia court to charges of spreading false doctrines , blasphemy , and violating religious precepts .
the academy of motion picture arts and sciences announced on february 3 , 2004 that it was expelling caridi for violating his agreement to safeguard their screeners , making him the first academy member to be expelled under its new anti - piracy policy .
the reply he received , indirectly , declared that his actions were invalid and reprimanded him for violating the hallowed
this was just under the maximum number of employees that could be laid off in conway without the company violating the warn act , which requires employers to give 60 days notice of a mass layoff or plant closing .
in january 2009 , warnock declared that doctors unwilling to assist a suicide ( thereby violating the hippocratic oath ) were " wicked " .
most software companies and some music companies often engage in practices of discriminatory pricing , enter into " exclusive " contracts where in exchange for a discount they agree not to use competitors goods / services , or in the case of music services favor one company or another to distribute thus violating the clayton act in some manner or another .
it accused the moldovan authorities of voting obstruction and of violating the rights of the moldovan citizens living in transnistria .
several days after the arrest , sweetin revised his argument and claimed that bartkowicz was violating state law because he was in possession of 224 marijuana plants for 12 registered patients , while state law only allowed for a caregiver to have 6 plants and 2 ounces of marijuana per registered patient .
mitterrand 's family then prosecuted gubler and his publisher for violating medical secrecy .
while attending a hollywood costume party held for the premiere of a horror movie to ' purge ' yet more ' unworthy souls ' ( in other words , target members of the film industry for execution ) , the hangman killed a disguised woman , thus inadvertently violating his own moral code .
no court ever made a determination whether boland covered the nsc and on the grounds that it was a prohibition rather than a criminal statute , no one was indicted for violating it .
the legislation authorized 60 officers to patrol the public highways and to enforce all state laws in effect , or hereinafter enacted , regulating and governing traffic , travel and public safety upon the public highways , and providing penalties for violations thereof , including the operation , regulation and licensing of motor vehicles and drivers thereof , and other vehicles thereon , with full police power to bear arms and to arrest persons violating said laws .
one issue is whether such a category " could " exist without violating the geneva conventions , and if such a category does exist , what steps the united states executive branch needs to take to comply with municipal laws as interpreted by the judicial branch of the united states government .
the federal government is violating the 10th amendment by attempting to force the states to comply with real id .
at san juan bautista , coahuila , commander diego ramón placed st. denis under house arrest and confiscated his goods while awaiting instructions from mexico city on what to do with the foreigner charged with violating spanish trade restrictions .
on april 26 , the vienna criminal court convicted john gudenus , a former freedom party member of the upper house of parliament , to a one - year suspended sentence for violating the law banning neo - nazi activity .
johnson was suspended for the chiefs ' game against the tennessee titans on october 18 for violating team rules .
i felt very guilty using the diffusion and having ( sic ) the feeling of violating a fellow cameraman " .
the company is currently under investigation by the state of massachusetts for violating state laws requiring advance notice prior to a mass layoff , and for failure to pay employees their final wages .
a " standard " parameterization of the ckm matrix uses three euler angles ( " θ"12 , " θ"23 , " θ"13 ) and one cp - violating phase ( " δ"13 ) . couplings between quark generation "
these takkanot are executed out of fear that some might otherwise carry the mentioned items between home and the synagogue , thus inadvertently violating a sabbath melakha .
in november of 1998 after a hunger strike by the pair , the brazilian government accused them of violating " good behaviour " and refused to release them to canadian authorities .
of particular interest here is entanglement , the observation that the quantum states of multiple objects , such as two coupled electrons , may be highly correlated even though they are spatially separated , violating our intuition about locality ( entanglement is also the key feature of quantum mechanics hoped to be exploited in quantum computers ) .
according to the moldavian and romanian press , in february 2007 , transnistrian authorities " destroyed and profaned " the " drăgalina " cemetery in tighina ( also known as " the romanian cemetery " , which contains / contained the tombs of many world war ii solders ) , thus violating articles 34 and 130 of the 4th geneva convention .
( viereck would later be convicted of violating the foreign agents registration act and for having subsidized the islands for war debts committee . )
he is best remembered for his numerous suspensions due to violating the nfl 's drug policy .
several people and organizations have criticized the law for being discriminative against hungarians , supposedly violating agreements or because it is felt to be against the spirit of european democracies .
although she agonizes about violating attorney - client privilege prior , she decides to give him an ultimatum : take a plea bargain or risk an unfavorable jury verdict .
tucker was charged in the justice court of medina county , texas , with violating article 479 , chap . 3 of the texas penal code which makes it an offense for any ' peddler or hawker of goods or merchandise ' wilfully to refuse to leave premises after having been notified to do so by the owner or possessor thereof .
although independent carriers delivered " metronews " and the newspaper had implemented procedures attempting to prevent delivery to addresses of people who had notified " metronews " that they do not wish to receive the paper , the city of fresno filed a complaint against jackson and press communications to enjoin them from causing distribution of unauthorized newspapers to posted residences and from violating fresno municipal code section 8 - 808 .
proposition 102 was placed on the ballot via referendum rather than through the initiative process on the last day of the legislative session ; presiding state senator jack harper faced an ethics investigation over allegedly violating senate rules by cutting off the microphones of two senators who were attempting to filibuster the bill .
according to aeschines , " it was but the seventh day after the death of his daughter , and though the ceremonies of mourning were not yet completed , he put a garland on his head and white raiment on his body , and there he stood making thank - offerings , violating all decency . "
and i do n't think anything more needs to be said about the fact that he is violating fisa .
new york was free to define homicide without reference to a malice element without violating the traditional rule that the burden of proof in criminal cases rests on the state .
the radar will monitor traffic speed continuously , if a violation speed above the threshold speed is detected , the camera will automatically take a picture of the violating vehicle 's license plate .
nevertheless , there would be no physical consequences , apart from in the parity - violating phenomena such as certain radioactive decays .
subsequently , the speaker of the house set aside a room in which female mps can feed their children without violating the standing orders .
they believe that neither einstein 's general theory of relativity nor quantum mechanics have need for positing its existence , that there is no evidence for its existence , and that the assumption of its existence is an unnecessary theory violating the principle of occam 's razor .
advocates argue that adding pluses and minuses would reduce grade inflation and allow professors to give more specific grades , while critics say that this plan would have no effect on grade inflation while increasing unnecessary competition among students and violating the principle of the new curriculum .
as a grammarian , dunash 's major work was a book attacking menahem ben saruq and his " mahberet " ( " notebook " ) for violating religious standards and opposing the teachings of the sages .
however if a candidate starts revealing personal or private information it is possible that they are violating non - disclosure and confidentiality statements they agreed to .
in march 2009 , tremaine was charged with contempt of court for violating the 2007 court order prohibiting him from posting racist material on the internet .
a 2008 commentary proposed that the chiropractic profession actively regulate itself to combat abuse , fraud , and quackery , which are more prevalent in chiropractic than in other health care professions , violating the social contract between patients and physicians .
hiroim the shamed revealed that lavin skee had been killed in battle earlier , and that the others had formed a warbound pact ; thus , since skee had served elloe , the warbound could not kill her without violating their oath .
generally speaking , secure detention is reserved for juveniles considered to be a threat to public safety or the court process , though in many cases youth are held for violating a court order .
monroe was later overruled in ' , to the extent that local governments could be liable in federal court for violating individuals ' constitutoinal rights if the official committed the violation pursuant to a policy or custom of the local government .
lord hamilton claimed to have collated reports of 60,000 to 80,000 strong parades violating the particulars of the act however without once resorting to language or behaviour constituting any breach of the peace .
jack is furious with jill for violating their pact of honesty , and they break up .
a court of inquiry was convened in new orleans to investigate the charges against page for violating the laws of war .
prior to this , commission members enjoyed almost total power to arrest , detain , and interrogate those suspected of violating the sharia ..
thorpe 's gold medal was stripped by the international olympic committee in 1913 , after the ioc learned that thorpe had played professional baseball , violating olympic amateurism rules , before the 1912 games .
throughout texas , us 67 runs from north to south , in a primarily east – west manner , apparently , but not actually , violating the norms for numbering u.s. highways as odd - numbered routes are typically north – south in orientation , because prevailing north – south versus prevailing east – west designation is determined by the ultimate teminii as the route traverses multiple states .
in organized sports , match fixing , game fixing , race fixing , or sports fixing occurs when a match is played to a completely or partially pre - determined result , violating the rules of the game and often the law .
transit operators who do not announce all stops could be violating rider 's rights according to the ohrc .
the law was challenged as violating the equal protection clause of the fourteenth amendment to the united states constitution by a woman , who argued that the law discriminated on the basis of sex because so few women held veteran status .
such trademark behaviour has seen him frequently fined for violating the player conduct guidelines of the international cricket council .
later his pay records were missing immediately before the court - martial causing him to plead guilty to three counts of violating ucmj article 123a due to missing evidence .
however , there is no record of any president violating or changing the texas constitution .
local governments , lawyers and individuals claimed google was violating privacy .
streicher orchestrated his early campaigns against jews to make the most extreme possible claims , short of violating a law that might get the paper shut down .
when sentain helps another soldier , violating previous orders by galoup , galoup sees a chance to destroy sentain .
in 1972 they were forced to stop and charged with violating the rivers and harbors act of 1899 , which prohibited the dumping of harmful materials into interstate waters .
on september 2 , 2007 , novala takemoto was arrested for possession of cannabis and violating the cannabis control law .
in states that use the dominant factor test , a bowling alley , golf course , or bar could hold a tournament where they collect an entry fee and award a prize without violating anti - gambling laws .
parry corp 's new owner citywest issued a court challenge in order to re - acquire nbn , but it was revealed that citywest was held by hong kong company hung lung corporation , thereby violating foreign ownership laws .
rudder brought a class action on behalf of msn subscribers in canada for , among other things , improperly charging msn subscriber 's credit cards violating the terms of the contract .
commissioner kitrutch described the screen as violating the ottoman status quo that forbade jews from making any construction in the western wall area .
increasing interface speeds require fetching larger blocks of data in order to keep the interface busy without violating the internal dram frequency limit .
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . "
the guards included mitchell wiggins , lewis lloyd and allen leavell and john lucas before being suspended by the league for violating the leagues drug policy .
in , ramirez was suspended 50 games for violating major league baseball 's performance enhancing drug policy for taking human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ) , a women 's fertility drug typically used by steroid users to restart their body 's natural testosterone production as they come off a steroid cycle .
the first of these raids was at a cairo boat party , where all the egyptian gay men , fifty - two , were arrested and charged with violating these vague public morality laws .
it is currently undocumented as to what they results are in violating this assumption , but according to this assumption one can only apply hamilton 's rule to closely related kin .
all the time while they where using xbmc source as their application voddler have been publicly criticized for violating the gpl license which the xbmc source code they used is bound under since they did not release all the source code that they made changes to and integrated into their application . , and
he begins wearing a mask again and searches for action in the streets and back alleys acting as a vigilante rather than a supervillian to avoid being arrested for violating his parole agreement .
furthermore , all existing signalled crossings tended to have two major drawbacks : stopping traffic for long periods of time and violating contemporary right - of - way law by signalling " do n't cross " to pedestrians .
in september 2001 , dustin camp received an eight - year prison sentence for violating his probation .
the colombian government stated that it would present the documents to the organization of american states ( oas ) to demonstrate that venezuela and ecuador are supporting the farc , and thereby " violating international law against the harboring of terrorists " .
on december 6 , 2001 , the italian prosecutor 's office accused marchuk of violating the un embargo on supplying arms to various parts of the world .
another , less rigorous , option would be tagging of violating cells ( see priority control ) .
mikhail gorbachev has also accused yeltsin of violating the people 's will expressed in the referendum in which the majority voted to keep the soviet union .
as nascar 's only superspeedway in 1957 , the inaugural rebel 300 was held as a convertible race on may 11 , 1957 , only to be delayed by rain and raced on the ensuing sunday ( may 12 ) , drawing a fine for promoter bob colvin for violating south carolina blue law ( the track 's signature fall race , the southern 500 , was held on labor day monday ) .
on february 15 , 2007 , zündel was sentenced to a five year term in prison , the maximum sentence possible for violating the volksverhetzung law ( ) in the german criminal code which bans incitement of hatred against a minority of the population , which is how his holocaust denial was interpreted by the federal german court."[dead link ] "
harold b. robinson , a bishop in the diocese of western new york , and two colleagues set in motion charges accusing the three bishops of breaking their vows and violating church laws .
on multiple occasions , dragna was arrested for violating the national prohibition law .
shortly after the raid , the city attorney began investigating jew for violating residency requirements necessary to hold his supervisor position .
the defendants were charged with five counts of conspiracy , violating asbestos work practice standards and making false statements .
on monday , march 8 , 2010 former actress lindsay lohan filed a lawsuit against e - trade alleging that a character named " lindsay " appearing in a television advertisement for the company , described pejoratively as a " milk - aholic " , invoked her " ' likeness , name , characterization , and personality ' without permission , violating her right of privacy . "
normally this is not possible because such mutations could cause side effects on parts of the program holding other references to the object , violating referential transparency .
on august 29 , 1900 , however , parker , longabaugh and others robbed a union pacific train near tipton , wyoming , violating parker 's earlier promise to the governor of wyoming not to offend again in that state , and effectively ending the prospects for amnesty .
in july 2007 , judge james m. munley ruled that the act was unconstitutional for interfering with federal immigration laws and violating the due process of individuals , employers and landlords .
while eddy 's manual established limited executive functions under the rule of law in place of a traditional hierarchy , the controversial 1991 publication of a book by bliss knapp led the then board of directors to make the unusual affidavit during a suit over knapp 's estate that neither acts by it violating the " manual , " nor acts refraining from required action , constituted violations of the " manual . "
five orange police officers were later indicted by a federal grand jury and convicted for violating faison 's civil rights .
for example , in the united states someone acquitted of a state murder charge can be retried for the same actions on a federal charge of violating civil rights .
when the rebel shaido aiel invaded the wetlands , they took wetlanders as " gai'shain " , violating " ji'e'toh " and adding to their shame .
ultimately , holland furnace and mr. cheff were held in contempt for violating the order by continuing to engage in unfair trade practices .
also in that year , an arkansas supreme court decision allowed out - of - state auto finance companies to engage in subprime lending through arkansas dealerships without violating the usury law .
according to the editorial : " many hospitals say they have to charge the uninsured high ' sticker prices ' or risk violating a federal ban on charging medicare patients more than other customers .
ronald freedman challenged the law of maryland that films must be submitted to the maryland state board of censors before being shown in theaters , claiming it unconstitutional ; violating freedom of expression granted by the first amendment .
abkhazia 's separatist administration immediately said its own forces shot down the drone because it was violating abkhaz airspace and breached ceasefire agreements .
leterme , jo vandeurzen , and didier reynders were accused of violating the separation of powers by trying to influence the court of appeals and of exerting improper influence by the first chairman of the court of cassation .
he had already been suspended for the fall 's first three games for violating the same university unspecified policy in february 2008 .
skorzeny was tried as a war criminal at the dachau trials in 1947 for allegedly violating the laws of war during the battle of the bulge , he and officers of panzerbrigade 150 being charged with improperly using american uniforms to infiltrate american lines .
the account was blocked for violating wikipedia 's username policies , not the vandalism as believed , which state that using the names of celebrities as login names without permission is inappropriate .
the appropriate framework of analysis for such cases is provided in " schmerber v. california " ( 1966 ) , which held that a state may , over the suspect 's protest , have a physician extract blood from a person suspected of drunken driving without violating the suspect ' fourth amendment rights .
in july , 2009 the islamabad traffic police issued a ticket to the son of prime minister yusuf raza gilani , for violating traffic rules thus maintaining their commitment to ensure equal implementation of law in the capital city .
in " united states v. johnson " , the united states supreme court declined to permit a prosecution in delaware of defendants charged with violating the federal denture act by sending dentures in the mail from illinois to delaware , where they were received by a person not licensed to practice dentistry in delaware .
in april 1995 , bell authored the first part of a 10-part essay called " assassination politics " , which described an elaborate assassination market in which anonymous benefactors could securely order hits of government officials or others who are violating citizens ' rights .
further connections made with sexuality are made with the fact that historically , adulterous husbands would cut off their wife 's hair if she threatened to reveal his secret , thus violating the role of her husband .
when notified it was violating policy , cia stated that these cookies were not intentionally set and stopped setting them .
in 2004 , 35 plaintiffs unsuccessfully sued archbishop demetrios and the greek archdiocese in an attempt to force it to invalidate the 2003 charter granted by constantinople ; their lawsuit stated that the greek hierarchy had imposed the rewritten charter without approval from delegates at the national clergy - laity congress , violating the terms of the 1978 charter , the suitors having interpreted article xxiv thereof to mean that the clergy - laity congress alone could give rise to revisions to the charter , even though the 2003 charter was an entirely new grant , not a revision .
the american humane association raised concerns that animals were treated improperly during filming , alleging that sheep were handled roughly and that an elk appeared to have been " shot on cue " , suggesting further that the animal was anesthetized for this purpose , violating standard guidelines for animal handling in the movie industry .
many will serve for an additional 30 - 365 days as a consequence for violating .
pakistan 's government has repeatedly claimed that india is violating the simla agreement by constructing a fence along the line of control .
harassment occurs when , on the grounds of race , disability , sex , sexual orientation , belief or religion , an employer - or their agent such as another employee or a manager - engages in unwanted conduct which has the purpose or effect of violating an individual 's dignity or creating an interrogating , degrading , hostile offensive or humiliating environment for the employee in question .
this standard practice deals with information regarding the installation of exit devices used in areas of security in order to reach the more great security level without violating the requirements of nfpa 101 .
( exodus 20:8 - 10 ) as an essential part of observing the command to “ love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul and with all your mind.”(mark 2:27 - 28 ) catholic teaching emphasizes the holiness of the sabbath day ( exodus 31:15 ) , connects the sabbath with god ’s rest after the six days of creation ( exodus 20:11 ) , views the sabbath as a reminder of israel ’s liberation from bondage ( deuteronomy 5:15 ) , and views god ’s example of resting on the seventh day as an example for human resting and protesting the servitude of work and the worship of money.(exodus 31:17 , 23:12 ) the catholic catechism discusses many incidents when jesus was accused of violating the sabbath law , and points out that jesus never fails to respect the holiness of this day.(mark 1:21 , john 9:16 ) jesus is described as giving the sabbath law its authentic and authoritative interpretation : " the sabbath was made for man , not man for the sabbath."(mark 2:27 ) with compassion , christ declares the sabbath for doing good rather than harm , for saving life rather than killing.(mark 3:4 )
however , in the summer of 2004 , it was revealed that jacobson was involved with associates of ohio house speaker larry householder , brett buerck and kyle sisk , who were under investigation for violating federal and state campaign financing laws .
ferdinand decided to strike a decisive blow in 1537 at john by sending his " ablest " generals to take osijek , thereby violating the treaty .
the supposed climax of a trend toward genre - breaking , taboo - violating animated media .
