isherwood was signed with rochdale during world war ii and guested for crewe alexandra and wolverhampton wanderers before signing for wrexham .
the town 's main football club , a.f.c. sudbury , was formed on 1 june 1999 by the amalgamation of two existing clubs , sudbury town ( founded 1885 ) and sudbury wanderers ( founded 1958 ) .
his clubs included chesterfield , wolverhampton wanderers and leyton orient .
he made 33 league appearances for the baggies , scoring 8 more goals before moving to league newcomers wycombe wanderers in february 1994 on a free transfer , and helping them to promotion in their first season in the league by scoring in both legs of the play - off semi - final against carlisle united , and also in the play - off final at wembley against preston north end .
wolverhampton wanderers .
wanderers | reepham town reserves | saham toney | scole united reserves | thetford athletic | thorpe village reserves
ballack 's first premier league goal of the ' 09 season came on 11 april 2009 in a match against bolton wanderers , ending 4 - 3 for chelsea .
his successful loan spell earned him a then club record £ 500,000 permanent move to preston north end in july 2000 , and he scored a number of high quality goals for the club , most notably against wolverhampton wanderers and manchester city .
prior to the season , wanderers would play a challenge against the edmonton hockey club , champions of the alberta amateur hockey association .
originally called dundee hibernian , the club took over clepington park ( renamed tannadice park ) from dundee wanderers and played its inaugural game on 18 august , 1909 against hibernian , a match which ended in a 1–1 draw .
but with a plethora of midfielders at portman road , was released by manager joe royle to join wycombe wanderers on 22 december , 2003 , having appeared just once for ipswich 's first team .
anto made his debut for bohs against bray wanderers at the carlisle grounds on july 17 2008 .
they equalled their feat in the 1977 - 78 season , when a 2 - 0 victory over wycombe wanderers preceded a 3 - 0 2nd round loss to devon side exeter city .
he was courted by teams such as aston villa , west ham united and bolton wanderers .
in february 2007 he started a run of first team appearances in the championship , including a game against wolverhampton wanderers in which he made a series of good saves and saved a penalty in the latter stages of the game from wolves midfielder michael mcindoe , the game ending with birmingham city winning 3–2 and returning to the top of the championship .
the ludens , too , secretly influence humanity , but they are thought to be not " the wanderers " .
home to wycombe wanderers f.c. and london wasps
in 2001 , the belles moved to mulbarton and joined the wanderers .
queen 's park rangers and bolton wanderers have had their relegation confirmed , while the final place is down to wimbledon , sheffield wednesday , coventry city , southampton and manchester city .
elephants destroy the bridge leaving the cubs ( and the wanderers ) trapped .
wycombe wanderers .
he continued to score regularly throughout the season , including a hat - trick on 27 december 1893 in an 8–0 victory at wolverhampton wanderers , to finish the season as top scorer with fourteen league goals .
he served as sports chaplain to bolton wanderers football team from 2003 to 2004 and was a chaplain with the british prison service from 2003 to 2005 .
michael alfred bailey ( born 27 february 1942 in wisbech , cambridgeshire ) is an english former footballer who played in the football league for charlton athletic , wolverhampton wanderers and hereford united , and in the north american soccer league for the minnesota kicks .
torquay were relegated back to the fourth division at the end of the season , after six seasons in division three , although they did reach the third round of the fa cup , before losing away to third division rivals bolton wanderers .
he had a high - score of 89 scored against south africa at new wanderers stadium , johannesburg , and his only other score of note was 77 against new zealand at the adelaide oval .
during the 1895 - 96 season he also played for richmond , possibly working as a medic in london at the same time , and when he moved to south africa he played for johannesburg wanderers .
reading was originally formed as ' berkshire wanderers ' in july 1898 when rfu president roger walker , rfu secretary g rowland - hill and cambridge blue g r joyce held a meeting in pangbourne .
in addition to being captain , he scored 21 league goals during the season , including a hat - trick against newcastle and two crucial strikes in a 4 - 3 win against principal rivals wolverhampton wanderers .
the quarter - final stage saw albion paired with local rivals wolverhampton wanderers , whom they had already beaten both home and away during the league season .
james bartolo | murrayfield wanderers rfc |
king returned to everton in july 1982 , subsequently playing for dutch side cambuur leeuwarden before joining wolverhampton wanderers in january 1985 .
he scored his first goal for the club , an equaliser at home to wycombe wanderers , in august 2005 , and then made his first league start , but injury disrupted his progress and in november he was told he was free to leave .
ernest " ernie , moose " johnson ( february 26 , 1886 in montreal , quebec - march 25 , 1963 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the montreal wanderers of the national hockey association .
the band derives its name from the name of an irish street gang in the 1979 movie , " the wanderers " .
sneekes first came to prominence in england when he signed for bolton wanderers in august 1994 for £ 200,000 .
his last goal for fulham came against bolton wanderers in a 2–1 loss .
the victorian association of street children with arabs is probably reflected in the nomadic tradition of arabs who were wanderers ; the 19th century notion that non - europeans from less civilized cultures were like children ; of european and american travelers who saw many " street children " in arab countries during the period ; and a xenophobic tendency to scapegoat social problems .
8 may 1992 - phil neal , the former liverpool captain , is sacked after more than six years as manager of bolton wanderers .
in their final league fixture of the month , an injury - hit reading , without nicky shorey and graeme murty in defence , lost 3 - 0 at bolton wanderers .
harry abbott ( born 1883 in blackburn , england ) was a footballer who played in the football league for bolton wanderers and swindon town .
four minutes from the end of the 04–05 season , during a game against bolton wanderers , carsley was stretchered off with a twisted knee .
he went on to make forty - five appearances in wednesday 's first two league seasons and after a brief spell back in his native scotland with third lanark , he then joined bolton wanderers in 1895 , making one hundred and twenty - one appearances , ninety - four of them in the top flight .
after a year with the wanderers , suki now has cubs but still refuses to hunt .
notable residents include gary megson , a former footballer and currently manager of bolton wanderers f.c. , dave bassett , former footballer and former manager of southampton f.c. , watford f.c. , sheffield united and nottingham forest f.c. , and chris waddle , former england international and player with sheffield wednesday football club .
since wigan 's admission to the football league , the club has built up rivalries chiefly with bolton wanderers , preston north end and oldham athletic .
the 1929 fa cup final was contested by bolton wanderers and portsmouth at wembley .
18.african wanderers 34 6 8 20 31 - 66 26 relegated
the stadium 's current record attendance was recorded in 1939 , when 76,962 spectators watched the fa cup semi - final between wolverhampton wanderers and grimsby town .
he scored his first boro goal in january 2007 against bolton wanderers .
in game 1 , harry smith scored 5 goals as he led the wanderers to a 7–3 victory .
staton was signed from local side goldenhill wanderers in september 1888 he played in stoke 's first 4 competitive game matches scoring 2 goals before moving on to stafford road .
dhaka 's football was dominated at the time by dhaka wanderers ' club .
six teams took part in the national basket ball league , and the first champions were the trenton nationals , followed by the new york wanderers , the bristol pile drivers and the camden electrics .
despite his own strengths , north only made 25 league appearances in four years before moving to west bromwich albion for £ 100,000 – a controversial transfer given that north had spent a short loan spell at wolverhampton wanderers only two years before .
he played for many clubs , including corinthians ( brazil ) , wolverhampton wanderers ( england ) , chongqing lifan ( china ) , qingdao zhongneng ( china ) and rwdm ( belgium ) .
after a bright start to the following campaign , he was spotted by english first division side wolverhampton wanderers , who bought him in november 1998 for £ 500,000 as colin lee 's first signing .
at the time , the colours were strongly associated with wolverhampton wanderers , who were a power - house of english football during the 1950s .
simpson was born in glasgow and as a youth played for benburb before joining wolverhampton wanderers in january 1947 .
preston north end extended their unbeaten start to the season to eight games when they defeated wolverhampton wanderers 5 - 2 at deepdale with john goodall scoring a hat - trick .
as a player robinson made over 400 league appearances with aston villa , wolverhampton wanderers , notts county ( twice ) , birmingham city , huddersfield town , northampton town , chesterfield and stoke city .
wanderers won 3 - 1 , with two goals by jarvis kenrick and one by arthur kinnaird .
193 pete de bree and the wanderers , vocal by bernie sanders my bucket 's got a hole in it / wanderer 's blues 1956
he spent almost all his playing career at bolton wanderers .
three days later , he made his premier league debut against bolton wanderers and was in the starting eleven as in a less familiar right back role .
bracknell town fc was formed in 1896 as old bracknell wanderers and played local league football until 1959 when , on bracknell becoming one of the new towns , the club was elected into the great western league , where it spent four seasons .
affected clubs like west ham , derby county , arsenal and bolton wanderers all filed official inquiries .
it has since been replaced by the nearby new wanderers stadium .
two wanderers games count
he went on to make two further substitute appearances in the league cup and fa cup respectively , against premier league sides wigan athletic and bolton wanderers .
he then moved to wolverhampton wanderers , newly - relegated from the premier league , in a £ 1.7 million deal in july 2004 .
kaufman 's wife rose , who has a cameo appearance in " invasion of the body snatchers " , co - wrote the screenplays of " the wanderers " and " henry & june " .
he was nonetheless left on the bench for six consecutive league matches , and though he then returned to the starting line - up and scored match - winners against west ham united and bolton wanderers , fresh doubt spread over van nistelrooy 's future when he was benched for united 's season finale win over charlton athletic .
in this quartet , horch was positioned as the luxury brand , dkw built cheap two - stroke cars , audi and wanderer competed in different segments of mid - priced , technologically advanced small cars ( heaviest , 6-cylinder wanderers reached 1.5 tons dry weight ) .
england 's batting faltered throughout the series with only one team innings in excess of 200 ( successive innings of 184,190,148,160,295,196,198,160,187 and 130 ) and just one individual century ( by f.l.fane in the 3rd test at the wanderers ) .
his main claim to fame is that he " scored " the first goal in the football league on the first day of the inaugural season , 1888 - 89 on 8 september 1888 for aston villa against their midlands rivals wolverhampton wanderers .
bolton wanderers are still bottom with a mere 16 points and a 6 - 0 destruction by manchester united leaving their premier league survival looking less and likely .
since the 1890s , whitmore reans has been dominated by the wolverhampton wanderers football ground , the molineux stadium , which stands on the eastern side of waterloo road .
he scored on his debut in a 2 - 2 home draw with burton wanderers on 18 january 1896 .
wanderers ( странники - pronounced : " stranniki " ) are a fictional alien race from the noon universe created by strugatsky brothers .
city played bolton wanderers and won 1 - 0 .
ottawa won the league championship and took over the stanley cup from the montreal wanderers .
however , elimination at the second group stages of the champions league coincided with a poor string of league performances and letting slip a 2 - 0 lead away to bolton wanderers gave united the advantage to win the title with four games remaining .
before the beginning of the 1997 season with the wanderers , melu fell ill and died in early 1997 .
between 1990 and 2000 , a smaller number of clubs claimed the trophy , as wycombe wanderers and kingstonian each won the competition twice , and woking became the third team to win it three times .
the exact details of the formation of wycombe wanderers f.c. has largely been lost to history .
bolton wanderers f.c. season 1995–96 .
the 1920s saw the first international capped while at wakefield , when dr john mcdougall won three caps for scotland to add to his caps won before the first world war while at greenock wanderers .
he played 475 competitive games in english football and appeared in the premier league for both sheffield wednesday and bolton wanderers .
in december 2009 left victoria hotspurs f.c. and returned to msida saint - joseph f.c. who played his comeback on 22 december 2009 against sliema wanderers .
samuel " sam " edward lichtenhein ( october 24 . 1870 – june 21 , 1936 ) was the owner and president of the montreal wanderers of the national hockey association , later national hockey league .
sliema wanderers .
during the late 70s and throughout the 80s , earlwood wanderers soccer football club enjoyed successes at all levels of the code and was the largest club in the canterbury district association .
bolton wanderers .
scotland : awc cameron ( watsonians ) , bill maclagan ( london scottish ) , gc lindsay ( london scottish ) , an woodrow ( glasgow acads ) , ph don wauchope ( fettesian - lorettonians ) , ce orr ( west of scotland ) , robert macmillan ( west of scotland ) , at clay ( edinburgh acads ) , j french ( glasgow acads ) , tw irvine ( edinburgh acads ) , wc mcewan ( edinburgh acads ) , cw berry ( edinburgh wanderers ) , c reid ( edinburgh acads ) capt .
but , despite an upturn in the team 's form ( winning 2 and drawing 1 ) they were unable to overhaul bolton wanderers f.c. and finished 18th in the final table , 2pts short of the safety zone .
from bolton wanderers he moved to northampton town , but never really settled in a struggling team .
rotherham united , burnley and bolton wanderers were relegated to the third division .
santiago wanderers joined the league in 1937 and was the first club in the league coming from other regions .
he later moved into full - time management with northampton town , between 1978 and 1979 , followed by his hometown club , wycombe wanderers , between 1980 and 1984 , leading them to the semi - final of the fa trophy in 1981–82 , then to the isthmian league title in 1982–83 .
05.01.10 : owen coyle leaves burnley to manage bolton wanderers .
billy annis ( 13 may 1874 – 1950 ) was an english footballer , who played in the football league for wolverhampton wanderers .
he made his debut as a second - half substitute in the first - round league cup match against wycombe wanderers , scoring the fourth goal in a 4–0 win with a fine finish from 18 yards .
luke john oliver ( born 9 april 1982 ) is an english footballer who plays for bradford city , on loan from wycombe wanderers .
stephen philip " steve " sedgley ( born 26 may 1968 in enfield ) is an english former professional footballer who made more than 450 appearances in the football league and premier league for coventry city , tottenham hotspur , ipswich town and wolverhampton wanderers .
october for tottenham hotspur began with the always tricky trip to the reebok stadium to face bolton wanderers .
on 9 july 2009 , westwood signed a two - year contract with league one side wycombe wanderers after his contract with peterborough was cancelled .
notts county beat bolton wanderers , watched by crowd of 37,000 .
hughes teaching career prevented him from appearing for wanderers over the next two seasons , but he returned in 1880–81 to make five appearances with two goals , both in the opening match of the season against old harrovians on 2 october 1880 .
wolverhampton wanderers and sheffield united , division one sides , both progressed to the semi - finals at the expense of premier league sides .
the return of henderson in december brought coundon 's career at southampton to a close and in june 1928 he was transferred to wolverhampton wanderers for a fee of £ 150 .
calderhead got his hands on the trophy in 1894 after a 4 - 1 victory over bolton wanderers .
he had an unsuccessful trial at english premier league side bolton wanderers in winter 2000 before joining swiss super league club fc basel in the summer of 2001 .
he made a handful of appearances in the saints reserves at the end of the 1988 - 89 season ( but failed to break into the first team ) before moving to jim kelman 's wycombe wanderers in september 1989 .
after the 1925/26 asl season the wanderers , the boston wonder workers and the new bedford whalers joined with four top canadian clubs to form the one - off international soccer league held that summer and early fall .
apart from the historic site , the picturesque hilly landscape with woods , pastures and fields surrounding the village attracts both wanderers and cyclists .
gsc is a security organization like comcon-2 founded in 2142 ad . while comcon-2 deals with extraterrestrial threats to earth and mankind , gsc deals with civilizations that were potentially influenced by wanderers , such as saraksh or saula .
but then they were knocked out of the fa cup quarter finals by division two wycombe wanderers , followed by nine defeats from their final ten premiership fixtures which saw them slip to 13th in the table .
thordarson 's reign started in the best possible fashion winning 4 - 0 away at wycombe wanderers .
he and frank burrows became caretaker managers following megson 's departure to bolton wanderers on 25 october 2007 .
the club fields ten mini / junior sides , a junior colts squad and four other senior teams , the wanderers , the saracens , the vikings and the vandals .
the biggest attendance last season ( 2008/09 ) was 10,642 against wycombe wanderers on 14th march 2009 .
back in the top flight after 20 years away , wolverhampton wanderers did not win any of their opening seven premiership fixtures and it was obvious that the season was going to be a long and hard struggle .
in 2001 santiago wanderers made several changes and joel became stronger in front of the post holder and with more experience and started to become a figure alongside other players like jaime riveros , moises villarroel , silvio fernandez , among others .
in 2008 , aris made an appreciable achievement in the club 's history , by eliminating real zaragoza from the uefa cup , but was subsequently eliminated in the group stage playing against bayern munich , sporting braga , bolton wanderers and red star belgrade .
he made his first team debut just a few days later in a 2 - 1 defeat against portsmouth , before scoring his first goal for the club a week later in a second 2 - 1 defeat against bolton wanderers .
lee started his professional career with bolton wanderers , before manchester city manager joe mercer signed him for £ 60,000 in october 1967 , setting a club record transfer fee ..
he has had spells at english premiership club bolton wanderers , viking fk of the norwegian premier league and english championship clubs cardiff city , crystal palace and queens park rangers .
he joined the board of bolton wanderers football club in april 1989 , having been a fan of the club since his days as a pupil at leigh grammar school .
pavlyuchenko went on to score his first league goal for the club in the 2 - 0 victory against bolton wanderers on 26 october 2008 .
john somerville was an english football player and manager , serving in both capacities , as well as that of secretary , for bolton wanderers .
he played for manchester united , burslem , staveley , bolton wanderers , great lever , halliwell , and accrington stanley .
greenock wanderers rugby football club is one of the oldest clubs in scotland .
along with this , his professed love of aston villa football club has been questioned in light of the fact that he has served on the boards of villa 's arch - rivals birmingham city , derby county and wolverhampton wanderers ( as chairman ) .
when he took over tottenham had only two points from the first eight games in the league but in his first two weeks in charge he took the club out of the relegation zone , winning ten out of the twelve points available with wins against bolton wanderers , liverpool and manchester city and a draw against north london rivals arsenal .
preston also enjoys local rivalries with lancashire clubs burnley , blackburn rovers and to a lesser extent bolton wanderers and wigan athletic .
after their former ground was sold , the possibility of ground sharing with bolton wanderers f.c. at the modern reebok stadium was presented , however , the new stadium in wigan was chosen instead .
frederick brunning maddison ( 1850 - 25 september 1907 ) was an english footballer who played for england as a midfielder in the first international match against scotland , as well as winning two fa cup medals with oxford university in 1874 and with the wanderers in 1876 .
he signed for tottenham hotspur in june 1908 and made his debut in the white hart lane 's club first fixture in the football league at home versus wolverhampton wanderers on 1 september , 1908 .
in all , he played three seasons for the blueshirts before he returned to the wanderers in 1915 for two seasons , before retiring from hockey in 1917 .
in jaguars could not achieve a good performance , it was no longer the same as playing at santiago wanderers , on this table buenos aires wanted to have it back for the 2004 season but the economic gap can not get this to succeed , and that joel had no intentions of returning to chilean football because it cost a lot going abroad .
sinclair also scored against wolverhampton wanderers at molineux to put plymouth 1 - 0 up in the game , which they eventually drew 2 - 2 .
it was performed in 8 teams , and sliema wanderers f.c. won the championship .
then followed appearances for clubs in several countries , including brooklyn wanderers and fall river in the united states , fc zürich in switzerland , and rc roubaix in france , interspersed with a return to scotland with aberdeen and several more english clubs , including further appearances in the football league with walsall and oldham athletic .
during the first half of the 2006–07 season , rooney ended a ten - game scoreless streak with a hat - trick against bolton wanderers , and he signed a two - year contract extension the next month that tied him to united until 2012 .
the wanderers ' arena , the montreal arena , burnt down in 1918 .
ward later moved to become assistant manager at wolverhampton wanderers , and soon recruited connor to their coaching staff .
he scored his first goal for the club in the following match , against fa cup fourth round championship opponents plymouth argyle , and his first premier league goal two weeks later , a late winner against bolton wanderers .
the 1911–12 through 1913–14 seasons saw a decline for both ottawa and the wanderers .
despite his age , he continued to score regularly ( being the second highest premiership scorer in 1996 - 97 with 23 goals ) , and on 13 september 1997 he broke cliff bastin 's arsenal goalscoring record with a hat - trick against bolton wanderers ( a record since surpassed by thierry henry in october 2005 ) .
this allowed the club to concentrate on the fa cup , which they duly won by defeating wolverhampton wanderers .
kenny allen was brought back to plainmoor from semi - retirement and went on to play in the semi - final second leg victory over wolves at molineux ( a game wolves were so sure they 'd win , they 'd already booked their hotel for wembley ) and the final against bolton wanderers , with veysey watching from the sidelines .
after a short loan spell with bolton wanderers , fullarton moved back to scotland with dundee united , although injury restricted him to only sixteen appearances during his two years at tannadice .
from official club records there is no mention of any first team appearances for oakes whilst he was at wolverhampton wanderers .
he was still with the lancashire club when they finished runners - up to wolverhampton wanderers in division one at the end of the 1957 - 58 season .
on the way to the final " la banda " beat boca juniors , peñarol and montivedeo wanderers in the first round , and then barcelona sporting club and argentinos juniors ( the reigning champions ) in the semi - final group .
† protested by wanderers , replayed on march 5 .
in the away loss to wolverhampton wanderers on 20 december 2009 , carlisle suffered a groin injury which kept him sidelined over the christmas period .
in 1872 fa cup final he officiated in the match between wanderers fc and royal engineers on 16 march 1872 .
he was also linked with the manager 's position at bolton wanderers and norwich city in england but lost out to gary megson and glenn roeder respectively .
in 1890 he joined wolverhampton wanderers , and he later had spells with everton and accrington .
the wanderers are , without a doubt , the most mysterious race in the noon universe .
wolverhampton wanderers won the competition by defeating the reigning holders and european champions nottingham forest 1–0 in the final on 15 march 1980 .
he went on to make it into the league 2 team of the week after setting up nathan jarman 's winner against wycombe wanderers on saturday 17th january 2009 .
he became a successful businessman in montreal , and bought two sports teams , the montreal royals , which upon its revival became the brooklyn dodgers ' principal farm team , and the wanderers .
after another short spell at bournemouth , jones moved to bristol city , again for transfer fee of £ 500,000 and then had loan spells at brentford , southend united and wycombe wanderers he became player - coach for isthmian league team hornchurch in june 2002 .
as a player he represented the georgian national team and played for dinamo tbilisi , anorthosis famagusta , aek , newcastle united , wolverhampton wanderers and dundee .
e. the montreal wanderers were disqualified as the result of a dispute .
in 1873 , he captained the university team in the 1873 fa cup final against the holders , wanderers .
in the next decades it existed a parity almost complete between the two teams registering between 1944 and 1972 65 matches for primera división with 24 wins for everton and 23 for wanderers .
after twelve minutes , the first goal was scored by the wanderers ' moose johnson to increase the goal lead to nine .
he made his debut on saturday , 22 september 1973 in a 1 - 1 draw at wolverhampton wanderers .
reg kirkam joined everton f.c. as an amateur in 1938 , signing professional terms with wolverhampton wanderers the next season .
10th oct bolton wanderers ( h ) l 1 - 2
the following season , gardiner remained a regular in the resurgent torquay side , scoring a spectacular winner away to bolton wanderers ( only to be given a roasting by then manager cyril knowles as he was supposed to have aimed for the corner - flag as torquay held on for a draw ) .
tony dunne was an ex - manager of bolton wanderers , and had made numerous appearances for the republic of ireland international soccer team , captaining the side on four occasions .
in august 2005 , nakata moved to premiership side bolton wanderers on loan .
they will sponsor wolverhampton wanderers football club for the 2009/10 and 2010/11 seasons , with their logo appearing on the club 's shirts and training kit .
the 1889 fa cup final was contested by preston north end and wolverhampton wanderers at the kennington oval .
he spent one season with bray wanderers before retiring .
he then hit top form for rovers , scoring 5 goals in the premier league including strikes against wolverhampton wanderers , aston villa , arsenal , bolton and a memorable equaliser vs local east lancashire rivals burnley at ewood park .
on february 23 , 1916 , gordon roberts of the wanderers drew a match penalty for cutting ottawa 's frank nighbor in a game in montreal .
in the 2008/2009 campaign , cohen played a peripheral role for bolton wanderers this campaign with a longstanding thigh injury keeping him out of action for over five months .
however , he ended the season by being signed by his former stockport manager dave jones , by now at wolverhampton wanderers , for £ 1million in march 2002 .
howard kendall was appointed everton manager for the third time in 1997 , but the appointment proved unsuccessful as everton finished seventeenth in the premiership ; only avoiding relegation due to their superior goal difference over bolton wanderers .
henry stanford " harry " brown ( 23 may 1918 – 1963 ) was an english footballer who played as a half back for various clubs in the 1930s and 1940s , including wolverhampton wanderers and hull city .
the stadium has a seating capacity of 34,000 , and was built in 1956 to replace the old wanderers stadium .
he moved on to bolton wanderers in 1992 as assistant to his predecessor at middlesbrough , bruce rioch .
after a long campaign that included suspensions , red cards , some fantastic goals and key members running of to thailand , old hill wanderers finished 5th in the vicsoccer division 1 east league behind some very good teams .
scunthorpe finished fourth in the league that season , just one point behind bolton wanderers .
wolverhampton wanderers .
however , he stopped training for tipton harriers and he became a professional footballer with wolverhampton wanderers amongst others .
ottawa hc and montreal wanderers would tie for the league championship with a record of 9–1 , while the montreal shamrocks would not win a single game .
doyle moved on to premier division side bray wanderers in january 2009 to link up with seagulls boss eddie gormley .
vizard joined bolton wanderers in september 1910 from barry town , making his debut later that year .
john " johnny " ball ( born 13 march 1925 ) was an english footballer who played at right back for manchester united and bolton wanderers in the late 1940s and 1950s .
basketball for women officially became netball in 1971.during this period , earlwood wanderers won the canterbury district club championship six times - 1965 - 66 - 68 - 69 - 70 - 71.1969 saw 26 registered teams from under 6 to all - age , totaling 403 players , and 3 mini - teams .
in his first season ian made a total of 21 appearances but failed to score any goals , as sliema wanderers recored a 3rd place finish in the maltese premier league .
when the 1910 nha season ended in march , the ottawas had to give the cup to the wanderers .
he is related to leanne waddock and tara spiteri:0 ) he is currently manager at league 1 club wycombe wanderers .
he did not featured regularly in the first team at southend and joined rushden & diamonds on loan in october 2004 , where he scored five goals in ten appearances , and then wycombe wanderers , before joining rushden & diamonds permanently in february 2005 , where he made 51 appearances in all competitions in two seasons .
he left burnley on 10 january 2009 in order to follow coyle to premier league rivals bolton wanderers .
although no certain records exist , it is likely that the first kisaeng were drawn from these former wanderers .
in 1986 he joined mufulira wanderers , winning footballer of the year in his first season at the club .
noel turner ( born december 9 , 1974 in sliema , malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for maltese premier league side sliema wanderers , where he plays as a midfielder , he is also the clubs assistant manager .
frendo made his league debut for valletta on august 25 , 2008 , coming on as an 76th minute substitute for fellow new recruit marcelo peabirú in a 1 - 1 draw with sliema wanderers .
shakes began his career at bolton wanderers in 2004 , and made his debut in an fa cup third - round replay against tranmere rovers in january 2004 , scoring a last - minute equaliser to take the match into extra time .
chelsea then faced bolton wanderers in a fourth round tie at home on the 28 october which they won 4 - 0 .
the teams reached the final by defeating lincoln city and wycombe wanderers respectively in the two - legged semi - finals .
doritos was the main sponsor of wolverhampton wanderers f.c. for the 2002/03 and 2003/04 seasons , the latter of which was spent in the english premier league .
according to myth , huitzilopochtli directed the wanderers to found a city on the site where they would see an eagle devouring a snake perched on a fruit - bearing nopal cactus .
wanderers captain c. w. alcock won the coin toss and chose to defend the harleyford road end of the ground , meaning that the engineers , who were considered the favourites at the start of play , initially had the sun and wind in their faces .
born in slough , berkshire , busby started his playing career at wycombe wanderers in 1966 .
on 2 june 1969 , charlie moved to bolton wanderers on a free transfer .
for the 2006–07 season , ivan made 26 appearances and scored an incredible 20 goals , but sliema wanderers again finished in 2nd position in the maltese premier league , some way behind eventual champions marsaxlokk , who won the title by an 11 point gap .
the tank ” moved to wolverhampton wanderers in 1972 , where his bustling style made him a crowd favourite .
whilst at boro he had loan spells with hartlepool united , wycombe wanderers , bradford city and millwall before transferring to charlton athletic .
he became chairman of bolton wanderers in october 1999 and within weeks appointed sam allardyce as manager .
in january 2009 rangers confirmed that they were in negotiations with wolverhampton wanderers over a proposed move for the player .
he currently holds the joint role of assistant academy manager and under-18 's coach at wolverhampton wanderers .
he played in the united states amateur hockey association from 1915 to 1918 with the new york crescents and new york wanderers , before returning to canada and joining the senior amateur toronto st. patricks in the ontario hockey association .
he joined bolton wanderers , another team in north - west england , on a loan deal on 10 july 2007 with the option of a permanent deal at the end of the season .
eisenhoffer now found himself back in a league he had fled and with a contract still in force with the wanderers .
they went past birmingham city , leicester fosse , bolton wanderers , a quarter - final against cup holders bradford city and a notoriously brutal semi - final against swindon town .
before proto - globalization , globalizing networks were the product of " great kings and warriors searching for wealth and honor in fabulous lands , by religious wanderers ... and by merchant princes " .
on march 10 , the wanderers and canadiens played for the montreal city hockey championship
winger jackie oakes signed in 1937 from wolverhampton wanderers ( he would eventually leave for blackburn rovers in 1946 ) .
while at bolton wanderers mcelhinney figured in the plans of northern ireland manager , billy bingham , who included him in a number of pre-1982 world cup squads .
following his match - winning display against wolverhampton wanderers on boxing day 2007 , in which he scored one goal and set up another , hull expressed their interest in extending campbell 's loan until the end of the season .
bolton wanderers bought diouf from liverpool for an undisclosed fee at the start of the 2005 - 06 season , after they had loaned the player for the 2004 - 05 season .
he spent the majority of his league career with wolverhampton wanderers , where he won three league championships .
rich , who had run up the centre , and who pinced another [ goal ] " the engineers used their team playing style with effect against the wanderers fc , a side considered as early as 1870 to be the mcc of football .
after completing their 42-game season , qpr sat at the top of the league , one point ahead of liverpool who went on to defeat wolverhampton wanderers to clinch the title .
2002/03 saw paul blade take over as 1st team manager , where they missed the runner - up spot on goal difference , despite having more points than cray wanderers who won the league !
he continued in the next three seasons and played for somerset for the last time in 1949.in 1950 he appeared in a match for sandhurst wanderers in the netherlands .
the wanderers , however , issued a second challenge for the cup in march 1907 , which the thistles lost .
however , a few days later on march 23 & 25 montreal wanderers regained the stanley cup from kenora in two game total 12 - 8 played in winnipeg .
they won the fa cup in 1896 , beating wolverhampton wanderers by a 2 - 1 scoreline at crystal palace .
scotland : f mcindie ( glasgow acads ) , ae stephens ( west of scotland ) , dj macfarlan ( rie college ) , rh morrison ( edinburgh university ) , andrew ramsay don - wauchope ( fettesian - lorettonians ) , agg asher ( edinburgh wanderers ) , jb brown ( glasgow acads ) capt .
by 1973 , bray unknowns were playing in the lsl and the management changed the name to bray wanderers in a partially successful effort to amalgamate the two .
he featured in arsenal pre - season games for the 2008–09 season , mostly as a left - back , and was an unused substitute in arsenal 's 1–0 premier league loss to fulham on 24 august 2008 , and a 3–1 victory over bolton wanderers on september .
he was signed for bray wanderers in 2003 at age 18 and represented the eircom league in the u-21s four nations tournament in scotland in 2004 .
scotland had hoped to obtain the services of arthur kinnaird of the wanderers and henry renny - tailyour of royal engineers but both were unavailable .
this agent was piere " the kid " semyonov , a 13-year old human whose parents died in 2147 when their spaceship " pilgrim " was shot down by wanderers ' satellite from a circular orbit of ark.
he played another eight games in the 1931 spring season after which the wanderers withdrew from the league and ceased operations .
jody darryl craddock ( born 25 july 1975 ) is an english football defender signed to premier league side wolverhampton wanderers .
mcgrath started out as an amateur player with local team miles platting swifts and then bolton wanderers , but it was with bury that he began his professional career in october 1955 .
ted rolph 's notes of a conversation with john randell , wycombe wanderers first ever goalkeeper , only published in 1996 , provide perhaps the best information available .
gennady komov appears in " " , " space mowgli " , " the little one " , " beetle in an anthill " and " the time wanderers " .
in colo - colo was also unable to pay well and in nine matches where only two single achievement was the holder to convert a goal that was before his former club , santiago wanderers , which i welcome and to this day is challenged by fans of buenos aires by one celebration .
bristol city hold liverpool to a 1 - 1 draw , while an identical scoreline occurs for everton at bolton wanderers .
his league debut came on 21 february 2004 when kevin keegan used him as a late substitute in a 3 - 1 win at bolton wanderers .
although having made only a handful of appearances for the wanderers , sturgis was selected for the final playing as one of five forwards .
this was the start of a terrific rivalry as ottawa and the wanderers would split the championship between them from 1903 until 1911 .
in february 1999 he signed for wycombe wanderers after initially being refused a work permit .
