however , the warship was deemed unsalvageable , and her hulk was sold to mitsubishi international corporation on 31 january 1966 for scrapping .
by july 17 he was on board the russian warship " strelok " bound for kastri .
the treaty also instituted a moratorium on new warship construction ; battlecruisers canceled under this included one class each from japan , the united states , and great britain : the " amagi " class , the and the , respectively .
he was one of the few officials within federation ranks who did not abandon the inexperienced crews of the warship " white base " when the ship was struggling from zeon pursuit deep inside enemy territory .
while traveling to an important diplomatic meeting , the uss " enterprise " is attacked by a klingon warship .
according to one account , the british warship hms " wellington " fired a shot across the bow of the uss " avocet " , when the latter refused to cede the choicest anchorage spot to the british vessel .
the warship spent a week of alongside " isle royale " ( ad-29 ) to repair a broken steam blower before departing japan on 6 february to return to the south china sea .
during the overhaul , the warship received a harpoon missile system among the improvements to her combat systems and engineering plant .
in the aftermath of the first world war , the japanese government were also embarking on programme of warship building .
more than a year of service remained to the destroyer , however , and the warship resumed operations out of yokosuka in january 1977 .
the warship was relieved on 30 april and returned to subic bay for upkeep .
" serious ocean " won the maritime media award 2008 , beating off competition from adult series such as the bbc 's " trawlermen " and channel 5 's " warship " .
not long thereafter , the warship received orders for inactivation , and on 15 november headed for green cove springs , florida .
the warship next put to sea on 16 january 1909 to represent the united states at the inauguration of the president of cuba at havana from 25–28 january .
following the standdown time , the warship resumed operations along the atlantic seaboard .
in 1829 the world 's largest warship for many years , the 62×17×7 m ship - of - the - line " mahmudiye " , which had 128 cannons on 3 decks , was built for the ottoman navy at the imperial naval arsenal on the golden horn in istanbul .
late in 1938 or early in 1939 , the warship became flagship of the newly organized atlantic squadron , built around batdiv 5 .
the warship departed charleston on 15 april and arrived in rota , spain , on the 25th .
in mid - december , the warship moved north from wonsan to hungnam to provide gunfire support during the evacuation of another coastal enclave held by retreating united nations forces .
the " gouden leeuw " was for a time the largest dutch warship .
the game has combat damage sheets with squares representing areas of each warship that can be damaged in combat .
while she was an improvement over the because of a superior design , the warship became obsolescent quickly in the first quarter of the 20th century , and was used as target practice and sunk in 1923 .
he had under his command the fifty - gun warship " guernsey " , and several frigates .
at one point , california governor john bigler dispatched a u.s. navy warship to santa barbara to restore order .
on march 12 , 1926 , a japanese warship bombarded the taku forts , killing several guominjun troops guarding the forts .
this 2008 assignment was filmed and shown on channel 5 as the 6-part tv documentary " warship " transmitted on mondays from may 19 , 2008 .
almost a month later , relieved her ; and " theodore e. chandler " returned to yokosuka on 11 may. the warship remained in japan until the end of the month ; then steamed south to the philippines .
following a port visit to sasebo in early august , the warship conducted another three - week piraz tour before putting in to hong kong on 15 september .
the name of the warship which served the confederacy in the battle of hampton roads has become a source of confusion , which continues to the present day .
" kormoran " retreated to the south - east , avoiding the convoy routes from the mediterranean to america or down the african coast , in order to prey on vessels sailing alone and without warship escort .
the warship arrived in san diego on 31 july and soon began overhaul at san pedro .
these included torpedo attacks against merchant ships and their royal italian navy warship escorts , and also bomb attacks on port installations in sicily and libya .
at that time , ingham " was the second oldest commissioned u.s. warship afloat , second only to uss constitution in boston , ma " .
on george washington 's birthday , the warship steamed out of norfolk bound for the pacific and her first combat duty as a high speed transport .
during the attack , the warship was destroyed due to a cannonball hitting the gunpowder room ; two fishing boats were later sunk .
when the new king otto arrived in the greek capital , nafplion , in 1832 aboard the british warship hms " madagascar " , the greek fleet consisted of 1 corvette , 3 brigs , 6 gollettes , 2 gunboats , 2 steamboats and a few more small vessels .
the uxv combatant is a planned warship being designed by bvt surface fleet .
cagalli reunites with kira , now a pilot for the " archangel " , a warship of the earth alliance forces .
in february , she began concentrating her efforts on readiness exercises , trials , and examinations specifically geared to preparing the amphibious warship for her scheduled deployment to the far east .
in 1989 she joined the dartmouth training squadron , and in a busy year became the first rn warship to visit east germany as well as hosting a dinner to mark the 50th anniversary of the battle of the river plate .
on 25 may , " tennessee " was renamed " memphis " , honoring a city of tennessee , so that the name " tennessee " could be reassigned to a new warship , battleship no .
hms " victory " still serves the royal navy today as the ceremonial flagship of the commander - in - chief naval home command making her the oldest commissioned warship in service .
on july 23 , 2001 , an iranian warship and two jets forced a research vessel working on behalf of british petroleum ( bp)-amoco in the araz - alov - sharg field in sector of the caspian sea which is claimed by iran .
when news of the confederate warship 's exploits reached prospectors in california sympathetic to the confederates , they named many mining claims after her , and the name came to be applied to the entire mountain range .
the warship was towed to philadelphia and was berthed with the reserve fleet group there .
upon his arrival , the englishman is told that a larger , much more powerful spanish warship , the 50-gun " natividad " , has been sighted .
other exhibits tell the stories of the uss " wolverine " ( previously the uss " michigan " ) , the nation 's first iron - hulled warship , the environmental transformation of the great lakes ecosystem and much more .
junk guild - salvaged and refitted zaft warship
she was adopted by the civil community of the rural district of blackwell , derbyshire in february 1942 following a successful warship week national savings campaign .
on 18 may , the warship embarked commander , desron 12 .
she was adopted by the civil community of wincanton , somerset in march 1942 following a successful warship week national savings campaign .
peacekeepers have a leviathan breeding research program attempting to produce a hybrid leviathan warship that can take orders directly from a sebacean captain ( rather than interact with the crew via a bonded pilot ) .
the spanish anchored a warship in soper 's hole at west end and landed men ashore .
cray also deals with alien forces who are pursuing keys to an ancient warship .
turtle ships are celebrated in korea as the first ironclad warship in the world but the use of ironclads has been questioned by some historians as there are no contemporary records .
during the next nine days , she made a circuitous voyage that took her first to efate , thence to the fijis , and from there back to espiritu santo where she arrived on 4 may. eleven days later , the warship exited segond channel and set a course for pago pago in american samoa where she stopped from 19 to 23 may. the next stop on her itinerary was auckland , new zealand , where she laid over from 29 may to 5 june while her crew enjoyed their last real shore leave for quite some time . "
the warship then cruised the waters off zamboanga and borneo until returning to cavite to decommission on 30 april 1907 .
the next day , the warship began two weeks of training operations in the waters off southern california .
it is at this point when the mutant soldier ozaki , realizing godzilla is their only hope at saving the planet , leaps into the main firing chair of the warship gotengo and uses his own keizer powers to transfer a massive amount of energy to godzilla .
a further hoax russian warship attack , this time in wellington in 1885 , was spurred by fears over french , german and russian policies in the south pacific , late in 1883 .
on 25 january 1945 , the warship entered sullivan 's dry dock and repair corp. in brooklyn , new york , for conversion to a " charles lawrence "- class high speed transport .
in company with , the warship visited ports in newfoundland , iceland , ireland , england , sweden , germany , libya , and italy before returning home on 16 september .
the aircraft carrier is a warship that functions as a floating airport for military aircraft .
after the first clashes of ironclads took place during the american civil war , it became clear that the ironclad had replaced the unarmored line - of - battle ship as the most powerful warship afloat .
the new german battleship " bismarck " broke out into the north atlantic after sinking the battlecruiser hms " hood " , britain 's largest warship , in the battle of the denmark strait .
" cleveland " returned to the north persian gulf during her deployment in 1996 and 1997 , participating in coalition and bilateral exercises and achieving yet another milestone as the first amphibious warship to actively participate in maritime interdiction operations ( mio ) in support of united nations sanctions against iraq .
in may 1871 , the warship sailed from shanghai for nagasaki , japan , and thence korea as part of the asiatic squadron under rear admiral john rodgers carrying u.s. minister to china francis low on a diplomatic mission to the “ hermit kingdom . ”
in 1999 during a global war the ( future ) sdf-1 an alien warship crashed to earth on macross island .
if a warship goes into battle , large versions of naval ensigns ( called battle ensigns ) are used .
sms " tegetthoff " was a center - battery ironclad warship of the austro - hungarian navy .
that same day , 19 may , the warship departed the azores and shaped a course for newport , rhode island , where she arrived on 23 may.
in early 1862 , the confederate ironclad warship css " virginia " was rebuilt using the burned - out hulk of uss " merrimack " .
the warship sank in 28 seconds .
the warship patrolled the north china coast while civil war raged on shore between nationalist and communist factions .
the warship preparations for deployment included a propulsion examination , naval gunfire support qualification , and highly successful supply management inspection .
on 2 august , the warship cleared havana and , on the 9th , joined the blockading american fleet just off the mexican coast at sacrificios island .
this pattern of operations came to be fairly characteristic of a navy warship 's tours of duty in the far east in the period of relative peace between the korean ceasefire in 1953 and the intensification of the vietnam war just over a decade later .
slammer(a parody of g.i. joe ) , with no idea that a soviet warship is anchored just off the coast , and despite the violent storm , gung - ho intelligence officer sulock ignores the captain and drags radioman mischa pushkin and his comrade boris into a raft to row ashore and accept a prototype surveillance device from an american traitor .
vsel , a warship manufacturer , sub - contracted the build phase to the commercial kværner yard in govan , glasgow .
on 19 july , the warship arrived in san francisco and , two days later , began a lengthy period of repairs at the mare island navy yard .
their first idea arose from the successful collaboration they had with the royal navy on the " doctor who " serial " the sea devils " which led to them considering pitching a serial set on a frigate only to find they were too late – the bbc had just commissioned a series , " warship " , with that very premise .
in june of 2009 , idle warship completed their first headlining tour throughout europe .
on 24 august , the warship headed for hong kong where she arrived on the 28th .
our intelligence sources say that the warship was going to arrive on the same date that the coup attempt was going to take place - 8 march ...
the warship returned to san francisco on 24 june and remained there until 12 august when she began a series of visits to ports along the west coasts of central and south america .
as a radioman 3rd class in the navy , robards joined a heavy cruiser warship , the uss " northampton " ( ca-26 ) in 1941 .
after a week of repairs at manus , the warship received orders assigning her to the philippine sea frontier and got underway for leyte .
these activities were interrupted in early january 1968 when the warship helped track california gray whales with sono - buoys while off baja , mexico .
the first merchant marine action in the war took place on june 12 , 1775 when a group of machias , maine citizens , after hearing the news of what happened in concord and lexington , boarded and captured the schooner british warship hms " margaretta . "
hickey made international headlines in february 1939 , when , as lord mayor of cork , he refused to give a civic reception to the captain and crew of the german warship sms schlesien which was on a ' courtesy visit ' to cork harbour flying the nazi flag ( in spite of irish neutrality ) .
it was to transpire one day later than claimed by other sources and was confirmed by official russian sources as having taken place on 10 august 2008 , and that a georgian warship was struck and sunk in 300 m of water by two p-120 malakhit ( ss - n-9 ' siren ' ) missiles , fired by the guided missile corvette mrk " mirazh " .
these spanish men - of - war are accompanied by the 28-gun portuguese warship " sao jorge " ; 20-gun " santiago " ; 19.gun " sao joao baptista " ; 18-gun " nossa senhora dos prazeres " ( maior ) , and " nossa senhora dos prazeres " ( menor ) ; plus the unarmed " nossa senhora da boa nova " , " nossa senhora do rozario " , " san antónio " , " santa cruz " , and " sao jeronimo " .
the " de grasse " is a f67 type large high - sea frigate ( warship ) of the french " marine nationale " specialised in anti - submarine warfare , though it also has anti - air and anti - surface capabilities .
when the order came from askim the german officer was about to leave to " eidsvold " to return to his own vessel , but he was called back by the norwegians and informed that the demands were not going to be met and that the norwegian warship was to resist the german encroachment .
a timberclad warship is a kind of mid 19th century river gunboat .
in response to this conflict with the former owners of carabane , the residents of kagnout , bertrand - bocandé convinced the governor of senegal to send a warship to carabane to frighten off the raiders .
together with its already high firepower and defensive strength , the ability to carry mobile suits makes the nelson class an exceptionally well - balanced warship .
the warship to windward could choose when to engage and when to withdraw .
the warship remained in japanese waters until 26 october when she sailed for home .
if it had done so , it would have seriously disabled " kearsarge"s steering , possibly sinking the warship , and ending the contest .
this is made all the more impressive by the fact that even though was not designed to be a warship .
this time the german customer was the warship " hedwig von wissman " . " fifi " , now the spicer - simson 's flagship , and " mimi " , commanded by a sub - lieutenant a.e. wainwright , gave chase . " fifi " and " hedwig " were evenly matched for speed , and due to unusual optical effects on the lake , " fifi " rounds kept going wide of their mark .
at the successful conclusion of that mission , the warship resumed normal east coast operations .
during the ensuing voyage , the warship touched at edinburgh , scotland ; copenhagen , denmark ; and guantanamo bay , before returning to the united states on 2 september .
bridge made four deployments as a commissioned warship .
landing group ( planned to be at or entering narvik when warship group one was scheduled to arrive . )
in the early 17th century the warship type became obsolete by the invention by the dunkirkers of the frigate , then a small galleon type , although flyboats continued to be adapted in wartime for naval use until the 1670s .
the warship stopped at pearl harbor from 9 to 11 august , and then continued her voyage to yokosuka , japan , where she arrived on the 23rd .
the aircraft bomb magazine detonated a few moments later , sinking the warship within minutes .
the greek writer athenaeus of naucratis described how king hieron ii commissioned archimedes to design a huge ship , the " syracusia " , which could be used for luxury travel , carrying supplies , and as a naval warship .
the british warship hms " sheffield " , a 4,820 ton type 42 destroyer , was struck by a single air - launched exocet ashm , and she later sank as a result of the damage that she sustained .
the british warship foundered at once , while the american was able to remain afloat and launch lifeboats .
when war began , the warship operated in and around manila bay and cavite navy yard on inshore patrol and in support of u.s .- filipino forces on bataan until after the fall of that peninsula 8 april 1942 , and then continued to operate about the island fortress of corregidor until sunk by enemy gunfire 5 may. she was struck from the navy list three days later .
he also commanded the warship against the continental navy during the american revolution .
symonds attempted a revolution in warship design .
theodore ruggles timby is credited as the inventor of the revolving turret that was used on the uss monitor , the ironclad warship that fought in the civil war .
renamed css " virginia " — the former federal warship — left the elizabeth on 8 march 1862 and attacked her erstwhile sister ships in hampton roads , destroying sailing frigates and .
finally around 1490 , he secretly sent a warship disguised as a merchant ship with 147 habashi soldiers .
after mistakenly attacking a french warship in the gulf of saint lawrence , bellamy 's ship was severely damaged with a loss of 36 crew members .
prat order the warship to move , slowly maneuvering at scarcely 4 knots , for her engine was defective and one the boilers had burst .
captain thompson later joined forces with pirate benito bonito and his crew finally arrested when his ship came under attack by a british warship .
departing boston 20 june for the asiatic station , " palos " steamed across the atlantic ocean and through the mediterranean sea , becoming the first american warship to transit the suez canal 11–13 august , and arrived at singapore , via aden and ceylon , 25 september .
hmas " hawkesbury " was the sole australian warship during the japanese surrender , escorting the repatriation transport " duntroon " .
at the time the lithuanian navy had only one warship , the " prezidentas smetona " , a 580-ton converted minesweeper .
under the mud and sand lies the remainder of the hull of the ill - fated warship .
chung shan ( warship ) .
" h.m.s. pinafore " , a comic opera by gilbert and sullivan , uses the word in its title as a comical name for a warship .
nearly every nationalist large warship in the anchorage had its bridge struck , and the flagship , the frigate taihe suffered the most : nearly everyone on the bridge was either killed or wounded , and qi hongzhang ( 齐鸿章 ) , the nationalist commander - in - chief was severely wounded himself .
in may 1976 she survived being rammed twice by hms " falmouth " , which led captain guðmundur kjærnested to give the order to man the guns against the much more powerful warship to deter further rammings .
at leyte , the warship began preparations to carry out her part in the invasion of okinawa .
the weapons and sensors fit was the first grouping of the 1022 , 992q and 1006 radars in a british warship .
in february 1916 , the warship joined american forces off vera cruz to assist in operations against mexican insurgents .
on february 15 , keiō 4 , ( march 8 , 1868 ) almost 100 sailors from a french warship offshore boarded boats and landed at sakai port .
once " tyr " returned to the battle she again gained the attention of the german warship and was forced to take cover in a small bay at skorpo .
aboard the warship " sulaco " she is introduced to the colonial marines , including sergeant apone ( al matthews ) , corporal hicks ( michael biehn ) , privates vasquez ( jenette goldstein ) and hudson ( bill paxton ) , and the android bishop ( lance henriksen ) , toward whom ripley is initially hostile due to her previous experience with the android ash aboard the " nostromo " .
hmas " yarra " ( m 87 ) is the sixth " huon "- class minehunter to have been built for the royal australian navy ( ran ) and the fourth warship to be named after the yarra river in victoria .
the look of the fictional ship was inspired by the seventeenth century dutch " fluyt " vessels and the " vasa " , a real - life swedish warship which sank in 1628 .
on october 31 , 1873 , an independent american steamer , " virginius " , carrying war materials and men to aid the cuban insurrection was intercepted and held captive in santiago by a spanish warship .
he captured a number of french ships , and by 1759 he had converted one of these into a twelve gun warship , the " barrington " .
for two years he supplied the officers in the united kingdom with intelligence about german warship movements , troop movements , supply lines and military construction projects .
the indian navy responded to these concerns by deploying a warship in the region on october 23 , 2008 .
the warship made a stop at honolulu on the way back , arrived at san francisco on 9 october , and entered the mare island navy yard later that day .
matsukata intended the ship as a warship but was overruled by the satsuma elders , she was intended to be used as a cargo ship and in disgust he gave up command of the ship he had bought .
hmis " bombay " is recognised as the fifteenth ship ( and ninth warship ) in indian maritime history to bear the name " bombay " .
however recently one historian , norman macdougall , has suggested that it is worth investigating the possibility that , under her new french name , she took part in the french invasion of england in 1545 that led to the sinking of the english warship " mary rose " in the battle of the solent on 19 july 1545 .
periodically , the warship put into yokosuka and sasebo for upkeep and liberty .
when the smoke cleared i saw that the warship 's stern had been blown away . "
in 1827 the " guerero " , a spanish slave - runner carrying 500 african captives , and the royal navy warship hms " nimble " ran onto the florida reef during a running gun battle .
the firing of the mortar mk 10 was controlled by the type 170 sonar from the scr ( sonar control room ) , which was generally located next to the operations room in the warship .
until then , the narrow warship doubled as a cargo vessel .
condell ignored prat 's order and followed the " lamar " , but the warship did get away from the " covadonga " , and the " independencia " under control of juan guillermo moore followed him .
in february of 1984 , the warship expanded her sphere of operations to include the gulf of mexico and the east coast of central america .
after a successful ' warship week ' in march 1942 she was adopted by congleton , cheshire .
" destructor " was the first warship classified as a " destroyer " at the time of her commissioning .
in mid - january 1862 , commander walke assumed command of the ironclad warship " carondelet " , also assigned to the western flotilla .
in march and april , the destroyer fired over 7,000 5-inch rounds at shore targets ; and , in company with " worden " ( dlg-18 ) , the warship also rescued four downed pilots .
a warship , a submarine , and an ocean liner ( later pressed into military service ) were named in von steuben 's honor .
she was adopted by hyde in december 1941 after a successful " warship week " national savings campaign .
when the captain of a british warship falls overboard and drowns , a naval court martial is convened to investigate a charge of murder .
after the customary stops at pearl harbor , the warship arrived in san francisco on 8 march .
king george v sent the warship hms " marlborough " to retrieve his aunt .
the " klas horn " was a strange mix of a civilian and warship .
the type 45 has frequently been cited by the british press as being the first class of warship to include e - mail and entertainment systems ( including ipod charging points ) within the messdecks .
on 18 november 1907 , the warship was placed in reserve at the norfolk navy yard .
during this deployment to southern climes , the warship helped to rescue five survivors from a crashed air force kc-97 stratotanker that had splashed off cape canaveral .
the veteran warship rejoined the fleet in time for the normandy invasion .
she was also the world 's largest warship until the completion of hms " warrior " , britain 's first ironclad battleship , in 1861 .
browne has emphatically denied any prior knowledge of the purpose of the visit to the warship , but on 30 april 2001 that he understood why mara might have suspected his loyalty .
born on the planet of khera , zannah and her daughter kenesha ( who at the time believed zealot was actually her sister ) were stranded on earth thousands of years ago when their explorer ship crashlanded after a battle with a daemonite warship .
the warship remained at leyte until 1 july when she and tg 38.4 got underway to join the rest of the fast carriers in the final series of raids on the japanese home islands .
then , starting on 10 may , the warship provided two weeks of naval gunfire support off south vietnam .
on 19 april , the warship returned to japan at yokohama .
the terran contingent was delivered by the " zeus " , a warship in the rather piecemeal solar alliance defense network .
promoted to captain in 1841 , he first saved and restored the " uss constitution " and then sailed the fabled warship around the world in 1844 - 46 , " old ironsides only circumnavigation .
after her warm up , designed to give her an opportunity to train and repair minor faults , she was deployed into the atlantic ocean in february , 1941 and saw overwhelming success sinking 33 ships , including 1 auxiliary warship and the .
in december another german warship , the commerce raider , visited and released 48 british and french merchant seamen onto the island , supplying much needed labour for the archaeologists .
the warship next visited bremen , germany from 19 to 24 june , before sailing for goteborg , sweden , and a five - day visit .
the " enterprise " was , at first , the most significant warship in the lake champlain squadron — which was charged with maintaining american control of the lake early in the war — and at times she acted as flagship for colonel arnold .
woody guthrie wrote the song about , the first u.s. warship lost to enemy action during world war ii which was torpedoed by the german submarine " u-552 " while on convoy escort operations .
the modern construction of docks started in 1899 , and on 25 november 1905 was the landing place for king haakon vii and his family when they arrived from denmark on the norwegian warship " heimdal " to assume the norwegian throne .
during the 1982 war he devised and commanded operation algeciras , in which argentine commandos were to sabotage a royal navy warship harboured in gibraltar ; the plan was thwarted at the last minute when communications were intercepted .
an opinion poll commissioned by the 1986 defence committee of enquiry confirmed that 92 per cent now opposed nuclear weapons in new zealand and 69 per cent opposed warship visits ; 92 per cent wanted new zealand to promote nuclear disarmament through the un , while 88 per cent supported the promotion of nuclear free zones .
the " amagiri " escaped and later she was the warship that cut the " pt-109 " in half in the blackett strait southwest of kolombangara .
in classical antiquity , a ship 's main weapon was the ram ( " rostra " , hence the name " navis rostrata " for a warship ) , which was used to sink or immobilize an enemy ship by holing its hull .
in response to the captain of the port ’s demand that he produce " beagles register , he declared that a warship carried no register .
the remains of 34 crew members were returned on the british merchantman " truro " before transfer to hms " champion " because the russians refused to allow any british warship into their waters .
the united states naval station at guantanamo bay served as an important base for protecting allied shipping in the caribbean , and on may 15 , 1943 , a cuban warship sank a german submarine in waters near havana .
following the completion of those modifications at the pearl harbor naval shipyard in november , the warship headed for the philippines and arrived at samar on 20 november .
some other sources lay some of the blame on the complexity of the technology and the great expense of the warship .
the cipher - breaking was disguised by sending a reconnaissance aircraft to the known location before attacking the warship , so that the italians assumed that this was how they had been discovered .
in time , the term " liburnian " came to mean " warship " in a generic sense .
the warship remained in yokosuka until 25 february in upkeep status , then sailed for subic bay , philippines , for surface missile exercises .
also , a hanger and catapult occupied a considerable amount of valuable space on a warship .
in october and november 1755 he took part in " eagle"s capture of one french warship and the sinking of another , following which he was promoted to boatswain in addition to his other duties .
maurice had a party of around 100 men under his command on the rock , with the usual officers found on a british warship , including a surgeon , purser , and a junior lieutenant to command the small supply vessel .
after stops at naples and at alexandria , egypt , the warship began cruising the aegean again .
with the crisis over , the warship departed for home on 11 february 1957 , reaching newport on the 20th .
unfortunately for " emden " , superintendent darcy farrant of the eastern telegraph company had seen " emdens fourth funnel and had sent out a general call of a strange warship in the area .
it was named fort tenedos after the british warship of the same name , whose crew formed part of the naval brigade .
an indonesian navy warship is named after the island ( kri pulau rangsang )
" flower class corvettes in world war ii " ( warship perspective series )
after stops at saipan , eniwetok , and pearl harbor , the warship finally hauled into san pedro , california , on 21 july .
his deputy , admiral liu , after ordering that his warship be scuttled by explosives , also committed suicide by taking poison .
that duty continued until mid - march 1942 , when the warship received orders to join the british home fleet as part of an american force composed of , , , and seven other destroyers .
on december 14 , 1600 , the fully laden san diego was engaged by the dutch warship mauritius under the command of admiral oliver van noort a short distance away from fortune island , nasugbu , philippines .
the impact of the " tomozuru " incident , which exposed the instability of contemporary japanese warship designs , affected the " hatsuharu"s and the two that had been completed and four more under construction were significantly redesigned .
" rinnōji no miya " escaped , reaching enomoto takeaki 's warship " chogei - maru " and being dropped off further north , on the pacific coast .
in the same year , a sui warship happened to run aground on jeju island , which was ruled by the baekje dependency of tamna .
from soudha bay , crete , the warship headed across the mediterranean on 8 february .
he helped most autobots battle at primus and the warship ark against ransack .
spectrum is assisting with sea trials of a new stealth warship , proteus .
on her way to the rendezvous , the warship assisted the convoy in repulsing two torpedo - plane raids .
in 1942 , when the ap number series had already extended beyond 100 , it was decided that these amphibious warfare ships really constituted a separate category of warship from conventional transports .
the ship was never completed due to the outbreak of world war one which interrupted all major warship construction in austria - hungary .
väinämöinen consoles the boat and pushes it on to the water and they proceed to pohjola aboard the mighty warship with ilmarinen at the oar and väinämöinen at the tiller .
it was c s. navy secretary stephen mallory 's idea to raise the partially burned " merrimack " and heavily armor the ship 's newly rebuilt upper works with thick oak planking and two courses of heavy iron plate , turning it into a new kind of warship : an all - steam powered " iron clad " .
the second u.s. navy warship named " pirate " , she was laid down 1 july 1943 by gulf shipbuilding co. , chickasaw , alabama , launched 16 december 1943 ; sponsored by mrs. clara l. oliver and commissioned 16 june 1944 .
in the great wars of the 5th century bc , such as the persian wars and the peloponnesian war , the trireme was the heaviest type of warship used by the mediterranean navies .
the warship was built as , the sixth of the s , in new jersey by the new york shipbuilding corporation starting in 1935 , and launched in march 1938 .
in both books , a symbolic extension of france ( the utopian community of ville - france in the one book , a french warship is in the other ) is threatened with a fearsome wmd and seems doomed , only to be saved in the very last moment .
she was the last and largest warship ever built on the river thames , and after her completion her builders declared bankruptcy .
the warship was last seen on 14 july 1815 as she passed through the strait of gibraltar and into the atlantic .
the warship was sunk by the submarine uss " barb " on september 17 , 1944 , at position 220 nautical miles southeast of hong kong , 19°08'n , 116°36'e.
by 2267 earth had gained enough access to advanced technology to take part in a joint research and development program with the minbari for a large scale tactical warship .
it was originally manufactured to meet the specifications of the u.s. navy for warship deck covering on enclosed decks instead of wood , hence the name .
at the time it was built it was considerably larger than any other ship in the scottish navy , but soon after it was superseded by a warship which was considerably larger again , the " michael " .
they reach a point of closest distance ( between player and surface warship ) and then move back out into the horizon .
this reorganisation was " to provide a focus on the uk and export surface warship building market . "
the american warship " viewing " session was around 30 pages long , including writing and sketching of ships , parts of ships , map - like diagrams , etc .
the warship participated in the usual schedule of training evolutions , multiship exercises , and port visits through the spring and early summer .
after many adventures to prevent galvatron from gaining the angolmois energy , leo prime would meet his foe one last time on the nemesis , a planet - sized warship galvatron intended to use to suck the energy out of planets .
" feth - i bülend " ( " great causer of conquest " ) was an ironclad warship launched in the ottoman empire in the 19th century . "
the warship operated off the california coast for the remainder of the year and participated in two exercises - hukaswex 4 - 70 late in october and computex 23 - 70 between 30 november and 3 december .
during her years as an argentinian warship , she took part of the so - called " revolución libertadora " , shelling oil depots and other targets around the coastal city of mar del plata , on 19 september 1955 .
it was established in 1995 in response to a request from the british embassy for a rugby team to play hms " cardiff " , the first royal navy warship to visit lebanon in 27 years , that was docked in beirut for a few days in november 1995 .
surface warship designs tend to aim for a balanced combination of all three areas .
in march 1953 , the warship began an overhaul at the charleston naval shipyard .
relations between spain and the united states became strained , and war seemed imminent ; but on december 8 the spanish government agreed to surrender the " virginius " to the u.s. on december 16 , to deliver the survivors of the crew and passengers to an american warship at
the warship returned to tokyo on 13 october for a visit of just over a month .
subsequent years saw wool milling and warship building become the major industries .
constructing a warship of the size of the " mary rose " was a major undertaking , requiring vast quantities of high quality material .
" tobruk " arrived in ashdod , israel on 19 march , becoming the first australian warship to visit the country , and arrived back in brisbane on 30 april .
after visiting funchal , madeira , the warship joined the african patrol .
the only american warship on lake erie , the brig uss " adams " , was pinned down in detroit by the british batteries at sandwich on the canadian side of the detroit river .
russian warship neva .
the surface warfare officer badge is typically a prerequisite for tactical action officer ( tao ) training and is the basis for screen for operational command of a warship and award of the command - at - sea pin .
hms " pique " was a wooden fifth rate warship of the royal navy , launched on 21 july 1834 at devonport .
while headed down the pacific coast of mexico with a cargo of dried fruits and canned goods , " montanan " was approached by a japanese warship , which fired a warning shot for " montanan " to stop .
idle warship has released numerous new songs via their myspace page , including " industry diary , " " screamin ' " featuring mc chris , " pull it out " featuring dapa flex , " fall back " featuring chester french , among others .
the warship returned to norfolk on 17 april and resumed normal operations out of that port .
warship is a rock band formed in long island in 2008 .
steaming via the delaware capes , the warship arrived at the panama canal on 1 october .
at that time , the warship headed north to esquimalt , british columbia , where she took part in cno project 371 , tests on new submarine torpedo designs .
on 23 november 1822 , they set fire to " alligator " , and the young but battle - tested warship soon blew up .
both torpedoes scored hits on " falmouth"s starboard side , flooding the warship forward and aft .
